Can you please help me find a place to go?
I've found 79 places for you to go. Do you have any specific ideas in mind?
I'd like a sports place in the centre please. 
There are no results matching your query. Can I try a different area or type?
Okay, are there any cinemas in the centre?
we have vue cinema
Okay that will work. Can you please tell me their phone number, postcode and the entrance fee? 
Vue can be reached at 08712240240, the postcode is CB11PS.  I do not have entrance fee information, I'm sorry.
No worries, I'll give them a call and find out. Thanks so much for all your help, goodbye. 
You're welcome. Good Bye
***
Someone told me about a place called Old Schools. It's supposed to be some kind of attraction. Can you tell me anything about it?
Old schools is an architecture museum in the centre area.  The admission is free.  Would you like tickets?
Yes, please. That would be great.
I just checked and it is free. The address is trinity lane and the phone number is 01223332320.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today. Thanks so much!
You're welcome!  Have a great day!
***
Hello, I'm looking for the museum of classical archaeology, could you tell me more about it?
Certainly, the museum of classical archaeology is located at sidgwick avenue and has free entrance, phone 01223335153. Do you also need the postcode?
Yes, I'd like that. Thank you so much!
The postcode for the Museum of Classical Archaeology is cb39da. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been very helpful.  Thank you.  Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a place in the centre of town that is a nightclub.
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre area, the one with the lowest entrance fee is soul tree nightclub which is 4 pounds to get in. 
That sounds like it will work. Can I get their address and postcode? 
Of course! They're located at 1-6 corn exchange street with postcode cb23qf. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome! Have fun! Goodbye! 
***
Hello, I would like information on club Salsa
It is a nightclub located on the centre where the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Can you let me have their postcode? 
Absolutely... Their postcode is cb12jb. Is there any other information I can provide you with? 
No, that's all. Thank you.
You are welcome. Enjoy your day.
***
Can you tell me about the Cambridge university botanic gardens.
The botanic gardens is a lovely part of the university which is open to the public for a fee of 4 pounds.
***
Are there museums in the town centre?
Yes, there are 11 museums in the centre of town. What other information would you like?
Can you recommend one and give me their address and postcode? 
I definitely recommend the Williams Art and Antiques. It's free to get in. They are located on Gwydir Street, No. 5 Dale's Brewery. The postcode is cb12lj. 
Thanks so much, that sounds perfect.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome, enjoy your visit. 
***
Can you found me a swimming pool in the south part of town?
Unfortunately I was unable to find a pool at the south part of town, however we have some north east and at the centre
What about a type of park?
There are five, including wandlebury country park in the south.
Wandlebury country park is fine. Can I get the entrance fee?
Actually, they have free entrance. They are located at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham. Their phone number is 01223243830. Their postcode is cb223ae. 
Thanks for the info. I will give them a call.
You're welcome. Can I help you find anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you!
You're welcome, have a nice day!
***
I am looking for a swimming pool to go to in the north.
There are two swimming pools to go to in the north. Would you rather go to Jesus Green Outdoor Pool or Kings Hedges Learner Pool?
Great can I get their phone number?
The phone number for Jesus Green is 01223302579, and the number for Kings Hedges is 01223353248. Is there anything else I can do to help?
No, thank you.
Okay. well I have no information on entrance fee but I do have their locations specifics. Would you like those as well?
No, thank you.
Well I'm glad I could help you and if there's anything else you need, please call us again.
***
Give me information about museums in the west side of town.
There are a few museums in the west side of town. I highly recommend checking out the Cafe Jello Gallery if you've got the time.
What is the full address and zipcode of Cafe Jello Gallery?
Cafe Jello Gallery is located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street. Their postcode is cb30af. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that'll be all. Thanks so much!
Okay, great. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a place to go in town to have fun. Are there any nightclubs in the west?
There are no nightclubs in the west, would another area work for you? 
How about a college in the west?
Sure, there are 5 colleges in the west part of town. How about Clare College?
What's the address of that college?
Clare College is located on Trinity Lane.  Anything else?
No, that would be it.  Thanks.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I need to find a place to go for entertainment.
Which part of town would you prefer?
I would like it in the centre, please.
We do not have any entertainment in the centre. Would you like to pick a different area?
Are there any museums in the centre?
I'm sorry I am not finding any museums in the centre of town.  Is there any other part of town that could work for you?
No, I am only looking for entertainment or museums in the centre of town.   Can you look again?
The Broughton House Gallery is a great museum in the centre. It's free to get in, and it's located at 98 king street. Can I help with anything else?
No, I appreciate your help.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
***
Hi! I'm looking for somewhere to go in the centre area. 
Great! The centre has many attractions. Are you interested in a particular type?
I would love to maybe tour a college if I can. 
We have 13 colleges in the centre area. The downing college is one that is free to enter. Would you like more information on this one?
Yes, and do you have the address and phone number?
Downing College is on Regent Street and the phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. You have been very helpful. Have a great day.
My pleasure. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
***
I need information on the fitzwilliam museum
Ok, I can help you with that.  What kind of information do you need?
Can I get the phone number, address, and area it is located in?
Of course, the Fitzwilliam Museum is located in the centre area of town, at Trumpington street, and can be reached at the phone number: 01223332900. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you, that is all I need.
OK, have a nice day.  Good bye.
***
I'm looking for a museum to visit in the centre of town.
There are eleven museums in the city centre. Might I recommend the museum of archaelogy and anthropology?
Tell me more about the anthropology museum please.
The museum of archaelogy and anthropology is free to get into and is located at the University of Cambridge on Downing Street. Their phone number is 01223333516.
What is their postcode?
Their postcode is cb23dz. If you would like to reach them directly, their phone number is 01223333516. Anything else I can help with? 
No, that is all.  Thanks so much.
Glad to help.
***
I am looking for attractions in the town centre
Are you interested in architecture? It is free to visit all saints church.
What is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223452587. Do you need any other information about it?
No, that is all I need for today. Thank you.
Good by and have a nice stay. 
***
I am trying to find the Parkside Pools.
Parkside pools is located in the centre of town gonville place. Phone number is 01223446100. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Can you give me the full address of Parkside pools as well as the zip code?
The address of parkside pools is cb11ly and the zip code is gonville place. Can I help you with anything else? 
That's all for now. Thanks a bunch!
Great! Have a great day.
***
Hello.  I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town. 
There are loads of attractions in the centre of town. Do you have a specific type in mind?
No, just architecture. I would also like the phone number and postcode please.
May I suggest all saints church? the post code is cb58bs.
That sounds great! Can you give me the phone number as well?
The phone number for all saints church is 01223452587.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Enjoy your visit to Cambridge, and have a great day!
***
I want to visit a college in the centre of town.
You're in luck. We have 13. Do you have any preferences? For example, Downing College over on Regent Street offers free entry.
That would be great, can you please give me their phone number?
Their number is 01223334860. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Thank you, enjoy the college, goodbye.
***
I would like to find a place to go in the centre of town, that includes multiple sports
Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that meets your criteria. 
Are there museums instead?
There are 11 museums in the centre of town. How about Castle Galleries in unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street?
That would be perfect. Thanks for all your help. Have a good night. 
Is there anything else you need help with? 
No, that's all.
Okay, then, enjoy your day.
***
I'm looking for information about a particular attraction. It's called the Man on the Moon. 
The man on the moon is on 2 norfolk street in the centre area.  Would you like to order tickets?
Not right now. Can you tell me it's postcode and entrance fee?
I'm sorry, we don't have any information in our database regarding their entrance fee, but their postcode is cb12lf. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre of town
I'm afraid that we don't have that type of attraction in the centre of town. Perhaps somewhere else? or a different type of attraction?
Sure, is there a nightclub in that part of town?
I am sorry, but I did not find a nightclub in the center of the town. If you like I can search in the west, where there are a lot nightclubs.
Would you mind double checking. I thought I visited a nightclub in the centre of town before. 
Oh, my. I do apologize. I was wrong. There are 5 different nightclubs available. The Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, the Soul Tree and The Fez Club. 
Could you tell me the entrance fee and phone number for Club Salsa?
Entry is 5 pounds, and the number is 07782218745.
Thank you for answering all my questions. That's all I need.
Of course, let me know if you need anything else. 
***
I would like to visit a cinema of the west side.
I am sorry but I do not have any cinema's on the west side of town, can I check a diffrent location or help find something else for you?
How about a museum then? 
I have 7 museums in the west of the city, 6 are free entry and one is 3.50. Do you have a preference for a museum or a gallery?
I would prefer a museum. One with free entry if possible.
The Museum of Classical Archaeology is lovely, and they have no entrance fee. Would that fit your needs?
That is fine. Book me a ticket and get me a reference number.
We don't have the ability to book tickets for the museum from here, but if you'd like to contact them, their phone number is 01223335153. Can I help with anything else?
That's all, thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
***
Do you have information about nightclubs?
I have details for several nightclubs, which area were you looking at? 
I am looking for any one you'd recommend, I just need the address, entrance fee, and postcode.
Alright. How about Kambar. It is located at 1 Wheeler Street and the postcode is cb23qb. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is that all you need help with today?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
No problem.  Happy to help!
***
Could you help me find a place for entertainment? Something on the east side of town. 
Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds is on the east side of town, would you like their phone number? 
Actually, can I get the address and postcode?
Yes, it's Cherry Hinton Road, cb18dw. 
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is? 
I'm sorry, the entrance fee isn't listed in my system.
OK, then that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
***
I am looking for information on the Kings college attraction
Kings college is located in the centre of town at kings parade. Phone number 01223331100. Is there any other information you need?
What is the postcode?
The post code is cb21st
That is all I needed today, thanks!
Glad to be of help. Have a great day.
***
I am looking for a museum in the town centre.
May I suggest Primavera located at 10 king s parade. The phone number is 01223357708. Admission is free. 
Sounds perfect.  What is the postcode?
The post code is cb21sj. Is there anything else you would like to know?
No, that will be all thank you.
Thank you and have a pleasant visit, goodbye!
***
Hi! Can you please help me? I'm looking for information on Great Saint Mary's Church.
Yes I can! Great Saint Mary's Church is located in the center of town at Market Square in postcode cb23pq. The entry fee is 2 pounds. 
Thanks very much, that's all I need for now. Goodbye.
Okay.  Let us know if you need more help.
***
Yes, hello. I'm looking for a particular attraction called Downing College. 
t is located on 	regent street, in the centre.
Thank you so much!
You are welcome! Did you need anything else today?
No, that was all.  Good bye.
Thanks and enjoy !
***
I am trying to get some suggestions on where I can take my wife for our anniversary. We want to try to find something fun to do. 
How about whipple museum of the history of science?
Sounds interesting.  Can I get the entrance fee and postcode info?
It is a free attraction, and the postcode is cb23rh. Is there anything else?
Well, I guess I forgot to specify that I need something on the south end of town. 
I'm sorry, but there is nothing on the south side of town. Would you like to change the area?
Are there any attractions at all on the south side of the city?
I'm sorry, yes, Nusha is an entertainment venue that I think you will enjoy. Postcode for that is cb17dy, but there is no entrance fee listed. 
That's all. Thanks for the info!
Thank you.Good bye.
***
Are there any multiple sports in the centre of town?
Sorry, not in the centre. Should I check another area?
Well, how about a theatre then? I need the phone number.
There are several theaters in the town centre. What address are you staying at so I can find the closest one to you?
I'm not sure yet. Which one do you recommend?
I think the Mumford Theatre is great! Would you like more information?
Yes, I need the entrance fee and phone number?
They don't have the entrance fee posted but their phone number is 08451962320. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks, that is all the information I need. Thank you for your time.
I'm happy to be of help. Goodbye!
***
Are there any places to go in the town centre?
there are plenty, anything in particular you are looking for?
Not especially, just kicking around the town centre for a few hours and looking for something to do.
Are you sure? We have so many different places to go - I'd love to get some more input from you.
I just want something to do in the centre of town, can you tell me what sort of places there are?
Sure. There is architecture, boating, the cinema, colleges, a concerthall, museums, nightclubs, parks, a swimmingpool and theatres.
Can you recommend a nightclub?
Club salsa is a nightclub in centre. Would you like their contact information?
Yes please. What's its entrance fee, contact number, and postcode?
Club Salsa has an entrance fee of 5 pounds. Their postcode is cb12jb, and their phone number is 07782218745. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it, adios.
Have a great day, good bye.
Thanks for your help.
Give us a call should you need anything .
***
Hello, I would like information on museums in town
There are 23 museums to choose from, are you looking for one in a particular area?
Which is your favorite? Get me their phone number, and I'll check them out.
My favorite museum is the Cambridge and County Folk Museum. Their number is 01223355159. Can I help you with anything else?
Maybe you could give me one other option?
Sure. There's also the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology, which is free. They're phone number is 01223333516.
Thanks for your help.
Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
We offer lots to do in the center of town. We have everything from boats and parks to nightclubs. Are you in the mood for anything particular? 
Do you have any suggestions? I would just need the postcode and phone number and let me know what kind of attraction you suggest. Thanks!
If you are interested in architecture, there is All Saints Church. The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs.
Great, thank you so much! I will check it out.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
Hi, I'd like to find a museum please.
We have many museums in town - what area are you interested in?
I don't mind but I'd prefer something in the east
How does Cambridge Artworks sound? It is located on 5 Greens Road and there is no entrance fee?
What is the postcode?
Sure their postcode is cb13ef. Is there anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome, have a wonderful day. 
***
I am looking for information on the town centre.
I can help with that. What information are you looking for?
Can you recommend a favorite place to go?
We have many great attractions in Cambridge, from architecture to nightclubs. Is there a particular kind of attraction you'd like to visit?
No particular attraction but I do need it to be in the centre. 
I like castle galleries that's a museum in the centre. Would that interest you? 
That sounds interesting. How much do they charge for entrance?
There is no entrance fee, it is free.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Thank you, have a great time!  Goodbye.
***
I would like to visit some of the architecture here in town. Can you help me with this?
I can indeed. We have several churches and a school renowned for their architecture. Great Saint Mary's Church charges visitors 2 pounds, but the rest are free.
Can you give me information on a free one and I'd need to know what area of town it is in please.
all saints church is free and it's in the centre, located at jesus lane. Their number is 01223452587.
Thank you very much for your help.
You are very welcome. Was there anything else I can assist you with? 
No, thank you, that's all I need today. Bye.
Have fun! Goodbye! 
***
Hi, I want to find some water and go boating somewhere around town. What do you have listed?
I have some great choices for you. There are two places in the centre of town, one in the north and one in east. Do you have a specific location?
I think maybe the north for this trip.
The Riverboat Georgina is in the North of town. It's located at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. May I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you. 
Have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
***
I'm a tourist from out of town. But, I was trying to find something fun to do near my hotel. Could you recommend a place?
I would be more than happy to recommend an attraction, first could you tell me in what part of town your hotel is located?
It is in the centre of town. 
There are tons of places to go in the center of town. What type of attraction are you looking for?
Really anything will do. I have to kill some time in between appointments. Can you recommend something and send me the address please?
How about the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum? Their address is 6 Trinity Street, in the centre of town, and they have no entrance fee.
That will do! Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed.Thanks so much!
Oh, you are most welcome. The museum will be awesome. 
***
What attractions are in the town centre?
In the centre of town I have a total of 79 different attractions, would you like to narrow your search by entrance fee or zip code?
What different attraction types are there in the centre?
There are museums, colleges, architectural buildings, parks, nightclubs, etc.  Does any of that sound interesting?
What museum would you recommend?
I recommend the Broughton House Gallery at 98 King Street. It's free to enter and a great museum.
Thanks so much, that's very helpful. Could I get the postcode as well, please?
The postcode for the Broughton House Gallery is cb11ln.
Thanks so much.  I am all set. Good bye.
You are welcome. Have a good time!
***
I am looking for nearby museums 
We have 23 fine museums in town. Is there a certain area you would like?
No particular area. May I have the phone number of one you recommend?
i recommend broughton house gallery
That sounds good, what is their phone number? 
Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That would be it thank you for all your help.
I hope you enjoy the museum, and have a great day!
***
I am looking for a theatre to visit. Would you have any suggestions?
There are 5 theatres in town, 4 in the centre and 1 in the south, do you have a preference for area? 
The one on the south side, please. Could you tell me it's postcode and if it has an entry fee?
The junction is in the south area. The postcode is cb17gx. The entrance fee is not listed. Would you like the phone number?
Unlisted!  What a pain.  Okay, I suppose give me the phone number, thanks.
Sure thing. The phone number is 01223511511. How else may I help you?
That's all the information I need. Thank you!
You're welcome, have a great day. 
***
I'm looking for an attraction called Williams Art and Antiques.
Williams art and antiques is at gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery.  Would you like me to book tickets?
No thank you. Just the area and postcode please.
It is in the centre and the postcode is cb12lj.  Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you and enjoy your visit to Williams Art and Antiques!
***
Tell me about museums on the west side of town.
I have found several galleries and museums in the west side of town, were you looking for something with free entrance? 
Which type of museums are available?
There are three galleries, two museums, kettle's yard, and the people's portraits exhibition at girton college.
I'd like to go to a museum. Can you tell me your favorite? And if you have their phone number that would be really great.
I find Kettle's Yard to be fascinating. Their phone number is 01223748100, and they're located on Castle Street. Can I be of any further assistance?
Thanks.  No, that will be it.
Enjoy your visit to Kettle's Yard. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
***
Yes,  Hello.  I would like info on Milton Country Park? 
Yes of course. Milton Country Park is a park in the northern area of town. What would you like to know?
Can I have their postcode?
Their post code is cb46az. 
Thanks very much for your help today.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge Township Centre. Enjoy your day!
***
I'm looking for some info on an attraction called Kettle's Yard.
Absolutely! The entrance is free! It is located in the west. The address is castle street! 
Great thank you for all your help, that's all that I needed to know.
You're very welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day!
***
I am looking for a place to go! 
I can certainly help you find something. Do you have a type of attraction in mind? 
I like looking at the architecture of old buildings. I think it says a lot about how we used to live.
We have a lot of interesting architecture here in Cambridge. Is there a particular area of town you're interested in? 
What would you suggest?
Here are a few suggestions from the centre: All Saint's Church and Holy Trinity Church, both are free to visit. 
The Holy Trinity Church sounds lovely. Can you give me their postcode, please?
Yes, their postcode is cb23nz. Can I get any other information for you? 
No that will be all. Thanks.
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I am looking for things to do in Cambridge.  Can you tell me if there are any nightclubs?
ballare is a nightclub in the centre of town, would you like more details? 
How much is it to get in to ballare? And which area is it in? 
Ballare's entrance fee is 5 pounds and they're located in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thanks a bunch! Bye!
You're welcome, have fun!
***
I am looking for sports facilities in the town centre.
I'm sorry, there are no sports in the centre. Would you like me to look for something else?
What about colleges?
There are 13 colleges in centre. Are you look for free entrance or paid? 
Please tell me one of the free ones, please.
Emmanuel College is free and located in the centre.
OK, great, I'll look that up.  That is all I need for now.  Thanks, and bye.
You are welcome.  Bye.
***
What attractions do you have in town, preferably near the centre?
We have 44 attractions in the centre, colleges, architecture, museums
Can you recommend a college in the centre and tell me the entrance fee?
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town with entrance fees ranging from free to 2 pounds 50. Do you have a preference on entry price? 
Which is your favorite? And what is its entrance fee?
My favorite is Christ's College and there is no entrance fee.
Great, that's all I need. Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Yes,  i need help finding a place to go? 
Is there a specific type or area you had in mind?
The area doesn't matter but I would like to find a swimming pool.
kings hedges learner pool is located in the north, at jedburgh court, kings hedges.
Could you tell me the postcode as well at the entrance fee, please?
The postcode is cb42xh and I don't have access to their entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that was all, thank you!
Happy to help. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking for an entertainment spot in town. 
We have choices in the South, East, and West.  Do you have a preference for any location?
No, just tell me one you think is nice. 
Try the nusha. It is in the south. Their phone number is 01223902158
May I also get the postcode, the address, and the entrance fee?
The address and postcode for Nusha are unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road, cb17dy. There is no entrance fee information available.
Great! Thank you very much.
Glad I could help. Do you need anymore assistance?
No, that is all for today. Thank you
Thanks for using our service today. Goodbye!
***
I want to find a museum in the centre of town please.
Castle Galleries is a museum in the center of town, entry is free, would you like more details? 
Yes, please. May have I have phone number and postcode? 
Yes, the phone number is 01223307402 and the postcode is cb23bj. Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that's it. Thank you!
You're welcome!  Have a great day!


***
I am trying to find a really neat museum to visit. Would you be able to tell me whats available out there? 
We have many interesting museums, such as the Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, and the Whipple Museum of the History of Science. Anything in particular strike your fancy?
Are any of them in the centre?
Actually, I have 11 of them in the centre area. Might I suggest the Broughton House Gallery. It has free entrance and is located at 98 King Street. 
That would be perfect. Can I get the phone number, please?
Yes. Their phone number is 01223314960. Can I help you with anything else?
No, not today, thanks. Goodbye.
Enjoy your visit. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
***
Hello, can you help me find a museum?
Is there a certain area you're interested in? We have lots of museums in town.
Can you choose the one you like the best and tell me the postcode, phone number, and address?
I would suggest the broughton house gallery in the centre of town. Their address is 98 King Street, the post code cb11In, and the phone is 01223314960. It is free.
Thank you, that is all I need for today, goodbye.
Okay. Glad I could help. Have a great time. Goodbye.
***
Hello I am looking for a college, can you help me?
There are 18 colleges in the city.  Are you looking for one in particular?
Do you have any in the centre?
There are 5 located in the centre. Would you prefer one that is free?
Sure! Which one do you recommend?
I love Downing College over on regent street. 
What is the phone number and postcode for that one?  
The postcode is cb21dq and they can be reached at 01223334860. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could I get the complete address please?
Sure, the complete address for downing college is regent street post code cb21dq. May I assist with anything else? 
No, you have helped me.  Thank you!
Great. I hope you enjoy your visit. Call us back if you need further assistance. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a museum to visit! 
Do you have a preference for which area of town?
I don't care which part of town it's in. I don't mind doing some walking.
How about Broughton House Gallery? It's located in the centre, at 98 King Street.
That sounds interesting! What is the post code?
The postcode for Broughton House Gallery is cb11ln. Is there anything else you need?
That'll be all. Thank you!
Have a great trip!
***
Hello, I am looking for some entertainment.
We've got plenty of attractions all around the city, is there a particular area you were looking at?
Nothing in particular. What do you recommend?
I recommend nusha in the south.
Awesome, could you please give me their phone number?
Sure, their phone number is 01223902158. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that's it for today. Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
***
Are there places in town centre of architectural interest?
There are many churches and old schools in town, what would you like to see? 
Surprise me. What are the entrance fees?
All Saints Church is beautiful, and, better yet, it's free!
That sounds great, thanks so much for your help!
You are very welcome.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That's all I needed.
Thank You, have a nice day. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town. 
There are a lot of attractions in the centre. Anything in particular?
I'd like a nightclub please.
I recommend the club salsa? Here is their phone number, 07782218745
What is their address and the entrance fee?
The address is 1 Station road and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all for now. Thank you for the information.
You're welcome, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
***
I would like to visit a museum.
Great! What area are you looking for? 
Any area would be fine. Can you recommend one for me? 
The cambridge and county folk museum is in the west area. Would you care for more information on it?
Oh yes please.  That sounds wonderful.  Can you get me the address and tell me what the entrance fee is?
Sure.  It's located at 2-3 Castle Street and the fee is 3.50 pounds.  Anything else?
That's great. Thank you so much.
You are very welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye! 
***
I'm looking for the Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Can you give me their contact info?
Kings Hedges Learner Pools phone number is 01223353248, they are located at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges, CB42XH. Can I help with anything else? 
Yes, what area of town is that exactly?
It is in the north of the city, would you like help with anything else? 
No that is all I need today. Thank you very much!
You're very welcome! Goodbye!
***
I am looking for a college in the west part of town to visit.
Magdalene and Churchill College and Clare Hall all fit your requirements and entrance here is free. Is there a specific college you would like to see?
I think I would like to visit both Churchill and Magdalene Colleges. May I have their telephone numbers please?
The phone number for Churchill College is 01223336233, and the phone number for Magdalene College is 01223332138. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. Good day.
You too!
***
Hi! Can you help me find an attraction to visit in the centre of town? 
I have quite a few options. Did you have an idea what type of attraction you were looking to visit?
Surprise me. I just need the attraction type, address, and postcode.
Castle Galleries is one of my favorite museums.  It is at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, post code cb23bj.  Does that sound good?
That's great. Thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks.  You've been a great help.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a museum in town. 
There are many great museums to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking to visit?
No specific area. Can you recommend one for me?
The Byard Art museum located in the south area of town is very nice. Would you like information about it?
Yes, give me the phone number please.
Sure! The phone number is 01223464646.
Thanks! That's all the information I needed. Have a great day!
Thank you. Have a good day.
***
Could you help me find a boat to visit on the north side? 
I have one in that area. It's called the Riverboat Georgina. It's located at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. Would you like their phone number for more information?
Yes, I want the phone number and also the entrance fee, please.
Their phone number is 01223902091 and we do not have the entrance fee in our database at this time.
Okay, that is all I need today. Thank you very much.
You're very welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
Hi I am looking to go to a museum in town please.
We offer 23 museums. Any location preferences?
Not really. Can you just tell me your favorite and let me know how it will be for me to get in? Oh, and the postcode, for my GPS.
Sure. Cafe Jello Gallery is my personal favorite. The postcode is cb30af. It is free to get in.
Great, thank you!
You're welcome!  Glad to help.
***
I want a museum, please? Please include address, postcode, and area.
I suggest Byard art. The address, postcode, and area are 14 king's parade, cb21sj, and it is located in the south.
Great. Thanks for all your help. That's all I needed. Goodbye.
Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy the museum. Goodbye!
***
Can you please help me find a museum?
Sure! There are plenty of great museums to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking for? 
The centre area. looking for Modern Art and the museums phone number please. 
I recommend Byard Art. Their phone number is 01223464646. 
Great! That is all I need. Thank you.
You are welcome! Have a nice day.
***
Hello, I am looking for information on kambar. What do you know about that attraction?
Kambar is a nightclub located in the centre of town. Its address is 1 wheeler street and postcode is cb23qb with an entrance fee of 5 pounds.
Alright, that's all I really needed to know. Thanks again!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Thanks, you too!
Have a great time, and thanks for letting us help!
***
I am trying to find information about ADC Theatre, can you help me?
adc theatre is in the centre of town on park street, would you like their phone number? 
Yes, please give me the phone number.
Sure, the phone number is 01223300085.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, actually that takes care of everything I need. Have a great day now!
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
Hey there. I am hoping you might be able to tell me what kind of entertainment is happening tonight in town near where I am staying. 
Not a problem. Where are you staying?
I am in the northern part of town. 
Sorry, I don't see any attractions in the north. Perhaps another area?
Would you happen to know if there is a swimming pool in the north? 
There's actually two.  Would you like more information on them?
Yes, please! 
The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is between Victoria Road and the river. The Kings Hedges Learner pool is on Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges. Would you like their phone numbers?
Yes, please give me the phone number for Jesus Green Outdoor Pool.
The phone number is 01223302579. Can I help you with anything else? 
Can you also give me the address and entrance fee for the Jesus Green pool?
The pool is located between Victoria Rd and the river. I don't have the information for the entrance fee, but you can give them a call at 01223302579.
Thank you that is all I need, bye.
Great. Have a great day!
***
I would like information on The Cambridge Corn Exchange
The cambridge corn exchange is a theatre in the centre area.  I would be happy to book tickets for you.
No thanks, I just need their phone number, please.
The phone number for the Cambridge Corn Exchange is 01223357851. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all I need today. Thank you very much.
You're welcome, have fun!
***
I need information on the town centre. 
Okay I can help with that. What information are you looking for?
I want to know what attractions are in the centre, please.
There are 44 wonderful attractions in the centre area.  Do you have a specific interest in mind or would you like me to make some suggestions?
Pick one and I would need the entrance fee and attraction type.
I recommend the All Saints Church. It's an architecture attraction, and it's free to get in.
I'll have to check that out. Thank you, that's all the info I needed.
Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
***
My brother told me about this attraction place called Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch. Would you be able to tell me where it is?
Yes, abbey pool and astroturf pitch is a swimming pool on the east side of town. What other information would you like?
Could you tell me the entrance fee for that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.  You could call them at 01223902088 and ask though.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, thanks. I think that will take care of it. Have a good night!
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
Can you help me find a place to go in the west section of town? I would like to go to an architecture attraction.
There are no matches for an architecture attraction in the west part of town. Would you like me to search another area?
What about a type of college?
magdalene college, clare hall, and churchill college are all colleges in the west with free entrance fees.
The churchill college is fine. Can I have the phone number please?
The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. What is the postcode for Churchill College?
The postcode is cb30ds. Anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all I needed. Thanks.
You're very welcome. Thank you and goodbye! 
***
Hi I am looking to go see a college while in Cambridge.  Can you tell me about any of them?
I'd be happy to. Any preference on location?
Nope, just tell me the area where your favorite is located, and I'll check it out!
How about Churchill College? It's in the West.
That sounds perfect. Thanks so much!
It's located on Storey's Way.  Do you need any more info on it?
No, I am familiar with the area.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.
Okay, enjoy your visit! Bye. 
***
I would like to go to a park in the center of town.
There is the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens which is a park.  Will this work for you?
Yes, what is the address and phone number?
Their address is bateman street and phone number is 01223336265. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that would be all.  Thanks!
Sure, have a great day.  Bye.
***
Do you have any details for Jesus Green Outdoor Pool?
Yes, which details would you like to have?
I'd like the attraction type, phone number, and entrance fee, please.
The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is a swimmingpool on the north end of the city. We don't have any information regarding their entrance fee, but their phone number if 01223302579.
Alright, that's all. Thank you.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I need more information about Nusha.
Nusha is entertainment in the south and their address is unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road.  Can I help you with anything else?
Can I get the postcode?
Yes, the postcode is cb17dy. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks, I know that Nusha is the south, but I need the name of the area.
Sure, the area is just known as the south of town, but the address is unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road and the postcode is cb17dy.  Does that help?
Yes, it does. Thanks for the information. Bye!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Can you help me find a nightclub in the centre of town?
I recommend soul tree nightclub. 
What is the postcode and address please?
The address and postcode are: 1-6 corn exchange street, cb23qf. Will that be all for you today?
That is all the info I need today. Thanks.
Ok, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
***
Do you have information about the Saint Barnabas Press Gallery?
I do, it is located in the east and is a museum, what information would you like about it?
That's all I needed, thanks so much for your help!
You are very welcome! Enjoy your trip to the museum!
***
Yes, hi. Can you help me locate a cinema. 
There are two cinemas.  One is in the centre of town. The other is on the south side.  Is there anything else i can help you with today? 
No, that's all I need. 
Okay. Have a nice day.
Good bye. 
Goodbye and thanks for contacting us
***
Are there any places in the south section of town the has to do with multiple sports?
Unfortunately, I don't see any that are in the south. Would you like me to check in another area of town?
Do you have in attractions in a type of park in the south?
We have 2 parks in the south. I recommend Wandlebury Country Park.
That sounds nice. Can you give me their address, postcode, and phone number, please?
I sure can. They are located at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham. Their postcode is cb223ae. The phone number is 01223243830. Can I help you with anything else?
No that was all I needed right now, thanks very much. Goodbye.
Okay.  Have a great time!
***
Good Morning, I am looking for a place to on the east side that has entertainment
Ok, cherry hinton hall and grounds is in the east side of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, and the postcode please! 
cb18dw is their postcode.
Thank You. I think that's all I need.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for boating activities in town.
Certainly, we have several interesting boats. Is there an area of town that you prefer? 
I do not have a preference. 
There's Camboats, Riverboat Georgina, Scudamores Punting Co., and The Cambridge Punter. Would you like more information on any of these?
Yes, can you tell me the postcode for the Riverboat Georgina, please?
Sure.  It is cb43ax.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that'll do it for today. Thanks very much for your help!
You're very welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
Could you help me find a place to go? I'd like to find some architecture. 
Yes I have 5 architecture sites in the centre 4 are churches and one is old schools.  Would you like information on any of them?
What is the postcode for your recommended one? You choose.
Old Schools is a great place for architecture. It's free to get in. It's located on Trinity Lane and their postcode is cb21tt. 
That sounds perfect. Thank you very much!
Is there anything else I could help you with today?
No that will be all for now.
No problem.  Glad to help.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a place to go.
Okay, what kind of place are you looking for?
Nothing in particular. What's the phone number, type, and fee for your favorite place?
What area will you be staying in and what kind of things do you like?
I would like the attraction to be in the centre.
There are 44. What type are you intersted in?
anything that is good, just recommend any
Would you be interested in an architecture attraction such as great saint mary's church? They have a 2 pound entrance fee or there are others available for free.
May I have the phone number please?
01223350914 is the phone number 
Thank you very much that would be it.
Enjoy your visit and let us know if you need help with other arrangements in the future.
I will and thank you for your assistance.
You're very welcome.
***
I am looking for a museum to visit.
There are many museums in town.  Do you have a preference in area? 
No, what can you recommend?
Do you like modern art? Cambridge Contemporary Art is great, and admission is free.
Well, the price is great. What is there postcode?
Their postcode is cb21su. Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great time!
***
I'm looking to go to a college in the centre of town.
I have about 13 different options. Most offer free entrance but there are a few that charge. Do you prefer one over the other?
If you could give me the postcode, phone number and entrance fee of the first one on the list that'll work. Thanks!
Christ's College on St. Andrew's Street is free, the postcode is CB23BU and their phone number is 01223334900. Can I help with anything else? 
That's all the information that I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge. 
***
I'm looking for a sports facility in the town centre.
Unfortunately, I do not have any sports attractions in the centre of town. Can I look in another area or for a different type of attraction?
How about a museum instead?
How about, the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum located at 6 trinity street?
That sounds good. What is their phone number?
The number there is 01223324222.  Anything else?
What's their postcode, and how much is it to get in?
There is no entrance fee; it is free.  The postcode is cb21su. May I help you with anything else?
That's all, thank you.
Excellent. Take care!
***
Can you help me find a college in the centre of town? 
There are a whopping 13 colleges in the centre of the city.  Would you like me to suggest one for you? 
Which is the best college in the Centre and how can I contact them by phone?
there are many options . can i recommend one for you
Please recommend one in the centre and I would also like the phone number.
christ's college is nice.
That sounds great, can I please get their phone number?
Of course, their phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That would be all thank you very much.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day.
***
Can you help me find a swimmingpool?
Sure, what part of town are you looking for?
Something in the North, please.
There are two swimming pools in the north side. Would you like more information on either one or is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I want the address and entrance fee to both please.
jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river. There is no entrance fee information availble.
Okay thank you so much!
You are welcome. Do you need anything else?
No, that is it, thank you.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Yes,  i was wondering if there are any cinemas in the centre of town.
Vue Cinema is in the center of town. 
Can i get their phone number?
The number is 08712240240. Is there anything else can I do?
Thank you. I am all set. 
You are welcome. Have a nice day!
***
I need information on the scott polar museum
Ok. What kind of information are you looking for?
I need the type, the phone number and the postcode for it please.
It is a museum, the phone number is 01223336540 and the postcode is cb21er
Great! Thanks for all your help.
Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!
Thank you, have a great day!
***
Can you find me a cinema in town that I can go to?
Yes, what part of town would you like? There are cinemas in the south and centre of town.
Either area is fine. Can you pick one for me and let me know their address?
The Cineworld Cinema is in the south area of town and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Do you know the entrance fee?
I'm sorry, the entrance fee for Cineworld Cinema is not available. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, can you tell me their address please?
Cineworld Cinema is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, cb17dy. Can I help with anything else today?
So that would be all. Thanks.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
***
Can you see if there are any entertainment attractions in the centre of town?
Unfortunately there are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town. Is there a different area of town that would work for you? 
What about a museum?
Yes, there are 11 museums. I'd recommend Broughton House Gallery. It's at 98 King Street cb11ln and has free entrance. Would that work for you?
Yes, that will work great. Can I get their phone number please? 
Certainly. The Broughton House Gallery's phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need.  Thanks!
You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Bye.
***
I would like to find information on boats in town
I have about 4 different attractions for boating. 2 are in the centre of town and one in the north and east. Do you have a preference on area? 
No, any is fine. Can you tell me what area one of them is in and also the entrance fee?
Camboats is on the east side. Unfortunately I don't have information on the entrance fee. 
Okay.  Thanks.  
You're welcome. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all for today, goodbye.
Have a great day! Goodbye! 
***
I am looking for a place to go in the south.
There are a lot of things to do in the south. Do you know what kind of attraction you were looking for?
I have no preference. What do you recommend?
Well if you're looking for a museum I recommend the byard art. The phone is 01223464646 and the address is 14 king's parade.
What is the entrance fee?
The entrance fee is free. Anything else today?
no, thanks, that is it for today
Okay, I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!
***
Hello, I am looking for something to do in the west part of town. It sould involve multiple sports.
Unfortunately none of those places exist here. Any other preferences?
Hm, can you tell me about what entertainment venues might be on the west side of town instead?
There's a fun place called Whale of a Time at unit 8, viking way, bar hill.
Thank you, can I please get an address and postal code.   Is there an entrance fee that will be charged.  
The address is Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill in postcode cb238el. I'm sorry, I do not know if there is an entrance fee. Do you need anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed today. I appreciate your help!
You are welcome! Have fun! Goodbye! 
***
I need a recommendation for some entertainment in the city. 
I'd be happy to help you. Whale of a time is in the west side of town, and funky fun house is in the east. Would you like more information?
Do you have anything else closer to the centre of town? Or perhaps a theater?
The cambridge arts theatre is in the centre area. Would you like more information?
Yes please, can I have the phone number and entrance fee.
Sure.  The phone number is 01223503333, but I'm not sure of the fee.
That's all I need. Thank you for your assistance!
You are very welcome! Have fun! Goodbye! 
***
Can you help me locate a swimming pool?
Yes, there are 4 pools, 1 in the East, 2 in the North and 1 in the Centre.  Which area would you like?
Could you give me the address and postcode of one in the North please?
The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is between Victoria Road and the river, and their postcode is cb43px. Is there anything else i can help you with today?
No thanks. I think that should do it. Have a great day. 
You're welcome. Goodbye!
***
I'm looking for a park in the south part of town.
I have 2 parks to choose from. Both are free to get in. There is Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park and Wandlebury Country Park. Which do you prefer? 
What's the address for Wandlebury? May I have their phone number, too?
Wandlebury Country Park is located on the Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, in Babraham.  Their phone number is 01223243830.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, you've answered all of my questions.  Thanks so much.  Bye.
You're welcome. Enjoy your time at Wandlebury!
***
Good afternoon. It's such a beautiful day out and I am visiting here. Can you tell me if there is a park nearby to where I am? 
I have five parks in the area, four are free and one is  pounds. If you want to give me your location I can narrow down the results.
What's in the center of town?
The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is in the center of the park. It is located in Bateman Street, the entrance is 4 pounds.
That sounds interesting.  Can you just give me their phone number please?
Their phone number is 01223336265. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thank you!
Have a great day! Goodbye! 
***
Can you help me find The Fitzwilliam Museum?
The Fitzwilliam museum is in the Centre, and is located on Trumpington Street.
Can I get the address, attraction type, and area please?
Sure, it is a museum in the centre, located on Trumpington Street.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, you've been great! Thank you for helping.
Enjoy your visit to the museum. Goodbye!
***
Yes, I'm looking for a place to go in the south. 
Sure let me help you with that. Which type of attraction would you like to visit?
Can you recommend any good museums there?
The byard art is the only museum in the south and the entrance fee is free.
What is their phone number?
01223464646 phone number 
Can you tell me the postcode?
The postcode is cb21sj.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!
Glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day. 
***
I need information on trinity college
Okay, I've pulled up Trinity College. What information do you need?
I need to know the attraction type and address.
Ok. Trinity college is a college and the address is trinity street. Anything else?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you very much!
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Thanks. You too! Goodbye.
Get back in touch if you need help in the future. Goodbye.
***
Hey, are there any good cinemas in Cambridge?
There are two cinemas, one in the south and one in the centre, which area do you prefer?
Either one is fine.  How about the south.  Can you give me the postcode and entrance fee for that one?
Sure! The cineworld cinema's phone number is 00872208000 and their post code is cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you.
Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
***
I'm looking for some entertainment in the center of town.
I am very sorry there are no results for entertainment in the centre area, would you like to try another area or different attraction?
How about a theatre?
There are 4 theatres located in the centre of town. How does Cambridge Arts Theatre sound?
That sounds good, what's the phone number?
The phone number for the cambridge arts theatre is 01223503333. Can I offer you any other information today?
Thank you, that's all I need right now. Bye.
You're very welcome. Goodbye.
***
Hi! Could you help me find a museum to go in town?
There are many but may I suggest the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum?
Sure. What is the postcode and phone number, please?
Their postcode is cb21su and phone number is 01223324222. What else can I help you with?
That's it. Thanks!
Okay thank you for calling.
***
Can you find information about nightclubs?
Yes, would you like to find a nightclub in the centre or south part of town? Most of them are in the centre.
Location doesn't really matter.  Is there an entrance fee?
Yes, all of the listed entrance fees are 5 pounds.  The Club Salsa is nice.
Club Salsa sounds right up my alley. Can I get the address and phone number please? 
Club Salsa's address is 1 Station road and their phone number is 07782218745.
Okay, great! Thanks for your help!
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. That's it.
Have fun! Goodbye! 
***
I'm looking for an attraction called Cambridge Artworks. Do you have any information on it?
Sure thing! The entrance is free! It is located at 5 Greens Road in postcode cb13ef.
Do you have their phone number? 
Sure, the phone number is 01223902168. Can I help with anything else?
No, I think that is good.  Thanks for your help and have a nice day.
Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip to Cambridge Artworks!
Okay. Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the help desk, and have a great day.
***
Would you be able to help me with a particular attraction?
Sure, what's it called?
I am looking for the address, postcode and attraction type for people's portraits exhibition at girton college. Thank you.
Thank you...the address for the museum is Girton College, Huntingdon Road, cb2ojg. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
What is the area?
It is located in the west. Will that be all today?
Yes, that will be all.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
***
What theaters are on the east side of town?
Unfortunately, I don't happen to have any located in the east. Can I check in a different area for you?
Ok, well lets try maybe for a swimming pool instead. 
The Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is a swimming pool on the east side of town. Would you like their address?
No but I would like the number and postcode for The Abbey Pool.
The phone number is 01223902088. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, do you have the Abbey Pool postcode, please?
Sure, it is cb58nt.  Will that be all?
No, that is it. Thanks.
Ok thank you for using our service & have a good day.
***
Do you have information about the Cambridge Museum of Technology?
Yes, the cambridge museum of technology is in the east part of town. The entrance fee in 5 pounds. Would you like a ticket?
Not at this moment. I would like the museum's postcode, though.
Their postcode is cb58ld
Thanks.  And it is an actual museum, correct?
Yes, it is a museum. Is there anything else you would like to know?
No, that will cover it. Thanks so much, you've been very helpful.
Your welcome. Enjoy visit at the cambridge museum of technology 
***
Yes, i would like help locating an attraction. 
OK - what type of attraction are you looking for, and in what part of town?
I'm looking for the entrance fee for Castle Galleries. 
Their entrance fee is free. 
Thanks for the recommendation. That's all the help I need today. 
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
***
Hi, I am looking to go to a place with multiple sports in the centre.  Can you help me?
The cherry hinton village centre is available if that works for you?
Is that a multiple sports attraction in the centre? How much does it cost?
No, the only multiple sports place is in the east. Would you prefer that one, or perhaps a different type of attraction in the centre?
I'd like to definitely see something in the centre of town. How about a museum? Can you recommend a nice one?
There are 5 museums in the centre of town. All with free admission. My favorite is Castle Galleries on St. Andrews Street.
Excellent, can I get the address and post code please?
Of course! The postcode is cb23bj and it is located at Unit su43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that is all thanks.
If you need anything else, feel free to contact us again. Have a nice day.
***
I want to go visit a college in the east part of town please.
I was unable to find any colleges in the east part of town.
Okay, what about an attraction that is in the type of entertainment? 
Yes, I recommend the Funky Fun House. With a name like that, how can you go wrong?
Sounds awesome! Is there an entrance fee?
Unfortunately I don't have any information about the entrance fee. Is there any other information you need to know? 
Sure, just the address and phone number will be fine.
Alright, here you are, the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the phone number is 01223304705. Can I find any other information for you?
No, that is all I need.  Thanks and bye.
Thank You. Have a nice day, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a park in the centre of town to visit.
Cambridge university botanic gardens is a wonderful park located on bateman street. Entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That sounds great, can I get its address and phone number?
The park is located at Bateman Street and the phone number is 01223336265. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks!
You are welcome.  Bye.
***
Could you help me find a museum to visit?
We have 23 museums in Cambridge. Do you have a particular part of the city you'd like to go?
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend me one?
Sure. I really enjoy Castle Galleries. It's conveniently located in the town centre and has free admission.
That sounds good. What is the phone number there?
The number there is 01223307402.  Anything else?
Awesome, thanks. No, that's all I need. 
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit to Castle Galleries!
***
Can you find me a theatre in the centre of town?
We have 4 such places. Any other preferences?
What are their entrance fees?
I'm sorry, but we don't have information on the theaters' entrance fees. Can I help you with anything else?
How about an address?
The cambridge arts theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage. Can I provide you any other information?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!
Glad we could help. Thank you for contacting us and have a great day!
***
I'd like to visit a college in the center of town. Could you help me find something interesting?
How about Downing College?  It has free admission and is located on Regent Street/
That sounds great! Can I have their phone number and postcode, please?
Downing College's phone is 01223334860 and their postcode is cb21dq. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that was all I needed to know. Thank you, you've been very helpful.
You're welcome, enjoy your day. 
***
I'm looking for a nightclub to go to. Are there any in the centre of town?
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. Ballare is one of them. Would that work for you?
Is there an entrance fee for Ballare? 
The fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you! That's all I needed.
Okay, Thank you for calling.
***
Are there any theatres in town?
There are 5 theatres in town. Do you have a preference for a specific area?
No, which one do you think is the best? 
I'd recommend the Cambridge Arts Theatre, myself.
That sounds good. Can I get the address and postcode, please?
The address is 6 Saint Edward's Passage and the post code is cb23pj. Do you need the phone number as well?
That won't be necessary. Thanks for the help!
Have a nice stay in the town, and enjoy the play in the theatre.
Thank you, good bye.
Thank, you good bye.
***
I'm looking for some architecture to visit. What are my options?
All architecture is in the centre of town. Your options are All Saints Church, Great Saint Mary's Church, Holy Trinity Church, Little Saint Mary's Church, and Old Schools.
How about All Saints? And could I have a postcode please?
All Saints Church's postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That should be all! Thanks! 
We hope you enjoy your visit. Thank you for contacting us.
Thank you, goodbye.
If you need anything else let us know.
***
Are there any colleges I could visit?
Is there a specific area you looking for? 
No. Which one do you recommend?
There are no colleges in the area. How else may I help?
There are no colleges in all of Cambridge? I don't believe that is true
I'm sorry, my system went down for a minute. I can recommend Churchill College in the west. And it's free!
That sounds perfect. Thank you for all your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.
Good bye. 
***
I'm trying to find a concert hall in the east part of town.
Unfortunately, I don't have any listings for concert halls on the east side. Can I check another area of town for you? 
How about an entertainment attraction instead? 
There are two entertainment attractions on the east side. Would you like more information?
Yes and can I have the phone number and address of one of attraction?
Sure.  Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds can be reached at 01223446104.  It is on Cherry Hinton Road, postcode cb18dw.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. That's all I need for now.
Okay Thank you for calling.
***
Hello I am looking for a place to go, can you help me?
I have found 79 place for you. Do you have any specific ideas in mind?
What attraction types do you have in the west?
There are mostly colleges and museums in the west. Would you be interested in one of those?
Sure, can you recommend one to me and give me the address and type?
Clare college is a college, it is located on trinity lane, post code cb21tl
Great! Thank you for all of your help.
You're quite welcome! Will that be all for today?
You have helped with what I needed, thank you, goodbye!
Thank you and enjoy your visit.
***
Are there any entertainment spots in the town centre?
Nothing specifically marked entertainment, although we do offer quite a lot to do, from theatres to parks. 
Do you have any colleges in the centre area?
You're in luck. There are 13. I'd recommend visiting Downing College on Saint Andrew's Street. Entrance is free. Would that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can you tell me their address and postcode, please?
Yes, their post code is cb21dq and the address is on regent street.
Great, thank you!
No problem.  Is that all you needed today?
It is. Thanks again.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Tell me what colleges are in the west side of town
There are 5 colleges on the west side.  Two have free entrance and two cost 2.50 pounds. Is there anything else i can help you with? 
What are the phone numbers for these colleges?
Churchill college's phone number is 01223336233. 
That's it.  Thanks!
Have a great day!
***
I am looking for a place to go in town. 
There are many places, do you have a particular destination type in mind?
I'm looking for a theatre. Can you recommend one?
I have four theatre's in the centre and one in the south. Do yo know which area you would like?
Area doesn't matter. Please choose your favorite and tell me the area and postcode and address if you could
I personally love the mumford theatre. Its in the centre at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road and the postcode is cb11pt. Will that be all today?
Thank you thats all. 
You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.
***
I'm in the north area of town and need to get a room to stay in. 
Are you looking for a room, or another type of service?
Sorry. I'm actually looking for some type of attraction I can go to up in the north. Any suggestions?
I have four different kinds, what type would you like?
How about your favorite? What type is that?
I really like the Riverboat Georgina.  Do you need any information about something like this?
Yes, what type of attraction is this? Also, could I get the address and postcode?
It is a boat.  The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and the postcode is cb43ax.  Is there anything else you'd like to know?
I think that is all. Thanks
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
***
Hello, I'm hanging around town tomorrow due to an appointment and want to do something fun while I'm there. I'll be on the town centre most of the day.
There are plenty of things to do, are you interested in museums or architecture?
Either or would be fine! 
I would suggest architecture as there are several churches in the area. Do you prefer something with free entry? 
I am open to anything.  Can you just pick a church and give me the address and entrance fee?
Sure.  Holy Trinity Church is free and is located on market street.  The postcode is cb23nz.  Can I get you any other information today?
That's all I need. Thanks.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Hi, I am looking for a entertainment attraction to visit. Do you have any recommendations?
What area will you be going to?
The area doe not matter, just some entertainment. 
How about the cherry hinton hall and grounds?
Sounds good. Could you give me their address please?
Their address is cherry hinton road. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need their postcode and phone number. 
Okay, sure. The postcode is cb18dw and the phone number is 01223446104. Anything else?
Great, thank you for all of your help.
No, problem. Will that be all for you today?
Yes, thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'd like to visit a museum in town. What can you suggest? 
What area would you like to go to?
I have no preferences for area, can you just suggest a couple?
The cambridge contemporary art museum, and the scott polar museum are both free and in the centre.
Can you give me the address for the scott polar museum?
Sure! The address is lensfield road. Will that be all?
That's all the help I need today. Thanks for the help. 
You're welcome, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking for an attraction to visit. Is there anything located in the west part of town?
There are 13 attractions in the west part of town. Would you like to visit a college?
No, I was thinking of something fun to do. Do you have any suggestions? 
I have several museums to choose from. I also have an entertainment attraction called Whale of a Time. Can I interest you in one of those? 
Whale of a Time sounds like a whale of a time! Yes, can I have their phone number, address, and postcode please?
Sure, they're located at unit 8, viking way, bar hill, postcode cb238el, and their phone number is 01954781018.  May I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'm hoping to find a nightclub in town.
We have 6 nightclubs. Any preference on entrance fee?
No, can you tell me what the entrance fee is?
The Soul Tree Nightclub costs 4 pounds.  The others are a bit more expensive.
Can you please tell me what the phone number is for The Soul Tree?
Yes, it is 01223477900.
What is their postcode?
The Soul Tree is in postcode cb23qf. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you. That is all the information I need.
Thank you, good bye.
***
Do you know where I can find the Holy Trinity Church?
Absolutely. Holy Trinity Church is on Market Street in the centre of town. Their postcode is cb23nz and is free to enter. Would you need their phone number?
Great what type of attraction are they?
It is an architecture attraction.
That's all the information I need. Thanks for your help!
Thank you. Goodbye.
***
Hello, I am trying to find an attraction in the west part of town. Can you help me?
Sure, there are many colleges and museums in the west, there is also some entertainment. Do you have a preference on any of these?
Not really.  Could you give me the postcode for one of the museums?
The one I recommend is the People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College. It's free to get in. Their postcode is cb3ojg. Is there any other information I can provide? 
Thank you. That's all I need today. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
***
Hi, I'm looking to visit a park in the east part of town, do you have any recommendations?
Yes, there is Cherry Hinton Water Play. Would you like more information?
Yes please. I would love the phone number.
The phone number for Cherry Hinton Water Play is 01223446100. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I just need the phone number.  Thanks so much.  Have a good day.
You too.  Enjoy your stay.
***
I am looking for an east-based place to go in town.
How about funky fun house? It's in the east. cambridge museum of technology is also in the east.
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is for those?
The Cambridge Museum of Tech. costs 5 pounds.  There is no information on the admission price for Funky Fun House.  Would you like their phone number?
No, thanks. Can I get the postcode for Funky Fun House, please?
Yes, of course.  It is cb58hy.  Is there anything else I can find out for you?
Thank you very much! 
So, is that all you needed today?
Yes, that's all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Goodbye!
***
Hello, I am looking for People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College, can you help me?
Yes.  I see the exhibition.  Would you like the address?
yes, I would like the area and the postcode. 
It is located in the west, at postcode cb3ojg. Anything else for you today?
That is all I need for today. Thanks for your help!
Have a great day!
***
I'm looking for a nightclub to visit in the centre area.
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre area, there is ballare, club salsa, kambar, soul tree nightclub and the fez club. Would you like more information on one?
Can I just get the address for Ballare, please?
The Ballare is located in Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Oh, no. That answered all my questions. Thanks. Goodbye!
Awesome.  Glad we could help!
***
Hey there. Can you help me find a swimming pool here in the city?
We have four such places. Got a preference for area?
Not really, no. Any area will do. Can you recommend one and provide me the phone number? 
The parkside pools is in the centre area, phone number 01223446100. Can I help you any further?
No actually, that is just the information I needed.  Thanks and have a good day.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
I am getting ready to go off to college. I thought while I was in town maybe I could visit one. 
Great idea! There are 18 entries found! What area of town would you like to visit?
I think I'd like to visit the centre. 
There are 13 colleges in the city center but I recommend visiting Downing college and it is free to get in.
Great!  Can I have the address, please?
Sure, it's located at Regent Street. 
Great, thank you very much. That's all I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
I want to tour a college in the centre of town. What's available?
I have several different options available. Did you want one with free entrance?
Entrance fee is not an issue. 
Christ's College is free to enter
Can I have the postcode and address for that college? 
Yes, it's located at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23bu	. Is there any other information you need? 
No, that's it.  Thanks.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'm trying to find a good museum in town.
There are a multitude of museums in town. What side of town are you in?
I am open to any side of town! 
Would you be interested in Broughton House Gallery?
That would be great. Can I get the postcode, please?
Sure.  The postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can answer for you today?
No, that's all. You've been a great help, thanks. I'm sure my visit will be fun. Goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'm in the centre of town and need suggetions on things to see. 
I have 44 entries for attractions.  Are you looking for architecture, colleges, parks, nightclubs, or maybe a museum?
Nothing particular. What is your favorite attraction in the centre of town?
You might enjoy the Cambridge Punter. It's a boat.
Sounds fun.  Do you know the entrance fee?
I'm sorry, it is not listed.  But if you'd like to call them the phone number is 07807718591.  Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all today. Thank you very much. 
Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a great day.
***
I'd like to find some place to go on the east side of town. 
I can certainly suggest something for you. I have 10 options. Do you prefer an entertainment venue, or perhaps a museum or park, etc?
I would prefer just anything in the east, can you give me the address and attraction type of one?
No problem. How does the Funky Fun House sound? It is standard entertainment and it is located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate.
Sounds great. That's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you. Have a good day, goodbye.
***
Thanks.  I'm looking for a place to go on the south. 
Would you prefer a museum or a nightclub? 
A museum, please.
There's one museum called byard art that fits your needs. 
Can I get the phone number for that?
The phone number is 01223464646. What else can I assist with?
No, thanks so much! 
Glad to help, please let us know if you need any further assistance.
***
