I want to book the el shaddai hotel.
No problem. Just give me a date, how many days, and how many people to accommodate please!
I am looking to book it for 4 nights for 5 people starting Tuesday. 
I have made that booking for you. Your reference number is E31YXTP1.
That will be it. Thank you very much for your time.
Thank you, have a good day. 
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn't need to include internet
Alright, I've found several options. What price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter 
Alpha-milton guest house doesn't offer internet. It is rated three stars, in the north part of town. Should I book this?
No, I need a guesthouse with free wifi.
a and b guest house is a guesthouse that includes wifi. It's in the East side of town with a moderate price range. Should I book it for you?
No, I just need to know if they have free parking.
They do not have parking.
Ok, I would prefer something else with parking.
Allenbell looks like it would be a good choice.
Thanks, does it have free wifi as well?
Yes, they provide both internet and parking at their establishment.
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
Good bye, enjoy your stay.
***
I'm looking for a hotel called the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse. Do you have a listing for this?
I am sorry, but this hotel is not in my records. There is another hotel that is very nice it calls Super 5.
Are you sure, but if not, book the Super 5 for 8 people for 5 nights starting Monday.  I will need the reference number.
Sorry about that - the Arbury Lodge guesthouse is, in fact, in my database. Your room is reserved, reference #N3CVYHHJ. Can I help with anything else today?
That's great! Thanks, I think that's all I need today.
I'm glad we could help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
***
Are there any places that offer rooms in the north that also give free wifi, or do you have to go to other parts of town for that?
which has free wifi?
The hotel should include free wifi
There are twelve options fitting your description, sir. What price range are you interested in?
The hotel should have a star of 3 and doesn't need to have free parking.
How about hamilton lodge? It looks lovely.
Perfect. What's the price range and postcode?
It is moderately priced and the postcode is cb41da.
Thank you, that will be all. good bye.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
***
I'm needing a place to stay that is in the centre of town. 
I have several options for you in the center of town. Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't care about the price range, but I need free parking, please.
I have narrowed it down to 4 options. I have 2 cheaper ones that are guesthouses, and 2 expensive hotels. Do you have a preference? 
I would prefer a hotel with 4 stars please, are either of those 4 stars with free parking? And also do either have free wifi?
You might be interested in the University Arms Hotel.  Should I book you a room?
I don't want to book it right now. Can I get the phone number and postcode, please?
Yes, the phone number is 01223351241 and the postcode is cb21ad. May I help you with anything else?
Just to verify, the University Arms offers free WiFi and free parking?
Indeed, they do!
Great! That is wonderful! Have a great day! 
I hope you have a wonderful day as well. 
***
I'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south to stay in.
I have one hotel that meets that criteria. It has 3 stars and offers free wifi and parking. This would be the Lensfield Hotel. Can I book you a room?
Yes, please book me a room.
When will you be arriving and how many nights would you like to stay? How many people are in your party?
Can you book the hotel for 4 people, 3 nights on Thursday? 
your booking was successful. your reference number is JCVMJBRZ.
Thanks for your help. That's all I needed.
Wonderful.  Have a great day.  Bye.
***
Good evening. Can you help me find a guesthouse to stay at for the weekend?
acorn guest house is in the north part of town and available, when would you like to stay?
Does it have free WiFi?
Yes, it does! It also has free parking.
Could I get the phone number for them.
Phone number is 01223353888.
Thanks. Oh, I forgot to ask, is that in the moderate price range?
The Acorn guesthouse is in the moderate range. Would you like to book a room?
No, I'll have to think about it. Thanks though. Bye!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I need a place to stay in the East. I don't need to have access to the Internet.
I have 7 places available in the east.  What is your price range?
Price does not matter, but can you find one without free parking?
a and a guest house is available. It's in East part of town and is moderately priced with no free parking. Can I book it for you?
does it have free wi fi? I need free wi fi
the a nd b guesthouse has wi-fi and fits the rest of your criteria, I can book you if you would like.
Yes, please. Can I book it for 2 people on Monday night with a 5 night stay?
I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Is there something else I can find for you?
How about something else in the same price range?
Okay, you're booked at Acorn guest house with reference number HK5AYCB6. May I help with anything else?
Can I have the address please?
Sure! The address for the acorn guest house is 154 chesterton road cb41da and the phone is 01223353888. 
Thank you so much. That is all.
Okay. Enjoy your stay here.
***
Hi, I'm looking for a place that offers free internet and parking.
We have quite a few like that. I could recommend Home From Home, a moderately priced guesthouse in the north. Or are there other factors that matter?
Just free wifi and free parking. Moderate priced and should be a guesthouse please.
If you tell me when you will be staying, how many people and for how many days, I can book you at he home from home?
There will be 5 of us staying for 2 nights. We would like to start on Sunday. 
I'm sorry, there were no rooms available. Perhaps you'd like to find another hotel?
How about a different hotel in the same price range?
I was able to book you into Kirkwood house. Your reference number is ANO69RVP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh, wait, I think I made a mistake, we're actually arriving on Friday, not Sunday.
I was able to book a guest house called Acom guest house. It is moderately priced and has internet and parking. Reference number is 0RA8Y7GS. Would that work for you?
Yes that's great. Thanks so much!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks again for your help
You're welcome! Have a great day!
***
Can you find me an expensive hotel?
I have 33 expensive hotels. How many stars and what part of town would you prefer?
I need one that includes free wifi
OK, does it matter the ratings or location?
The ratings and location do not matter. It must be an expensive hotel not a guesthouse. I will follow your recommendation for 4 nights starting Tuesday for 6 people.
There is the huntingdon marriott hotel which is 4 star in the expensive range with wifi. Would you like me to book a room there?
Yes please. I will need it starting on Tuesday for 4 nights. There will be six of us staying.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book that. Shall we try another hotel?
Yes please. One in the same price range.
Do you care whether the hotel is in the city center?
Nope.   I just need the hotel to be expensive and include wifi.
I was able to book a room for you at the University Arms hotel. 4 nights starting on Tuesday for 6 people. Your reference number is  U5HXNKXO. 
That sound awesome. Can I have the address?
Regent Street. Do you need anything else, today?
Great thank you! That's all I need. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
***
I am looking for a place to stay and it should include free wifi and free parking.
We have quite a few lodgings which offer both. Do you have a preference as to what type of lodging, a guesthouse or hotel?
I'm looking for a 0 star guesthouse.
I have two options. City Centre North B&B is in the north, and El Shaddai is in the Centre. Do you have a preferencE?
How about El Shaddai? I'll book it for 3 nights starting Sunday. There will be 5 of us.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 8JGI0F6Y. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all! Thanks! 
Awesome. Have a good day!
***
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking.
Do you have a preferred location or price range? 
I'm not too concerned with location, but I would like it to include internet and have a 4 star rating please.
There are 16 guesthouses that meet those requirements. Any preference on price range?
Not really.  Anything would be fine.
I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like a room there?
Yes, please. I'd like to book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from monday.
Booking unsuccessful. Want to try for a shorter stay?
Yes, how about 3 nights?
That was a successful booking, your reference number is T6C83P46.
Thank you so much!
You're so welcome. Thank you.
***
Can you help me find a guesthouse in the north?
We have 11 guesthouses available in the area, what is your price range and what amenities would you like in the guesthouse?
It should include free parking.
how about acorn house?
Is it in the moderate range?
yes.its within the moderate range
What is the star rating of this guest house, address and phone number?
The star rating is 4. Their phone number is 01223353888. The address is 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da.
Great, just gathering information for now. That's everything I needed, thanks.
Glad I was able to help. Thank you.
You're welcome. 
Call us again, sir. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called cityroomz
Cityroomz is located in the centre and is moderately priced.
That's great. Would you book 5 nights for 3 people, please?
What days will you need the reservation for?
 book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from thursday. 
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 1UT4DOFP.
Thanks, that is all I need. Good bye.
You're welcome and have a great stay.
***
I need a hotel in the south of the city, it is ok if the hotel doesn't has free parking.
I have one hotel that meets your needs. It's the Lensfield Hotel that offers free wifi and parking. They have a 3 star rating. Would you like more info on it?
What is the price of the Lensfield?
The Lensfield Hotel is expensive.
Is there a moderate place in the in the south that has free parking?
No, no hotels meet your criteria.
Are there any moderately priced hotels that don't have free parking, but have wifi?
We have 2 locations that are in the south, moderately priced, and have free wifi. They are both guesthouses, would one of those meet your needs? 
Yes, can you give me the address of your favorite one?
The address to aylesbray lodge guest house is 5 mowbray road! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that would be all. Thanks.
Have a great day!
***
Can you tell me about moderately priced places to stay on the north side of town?
There are 11 places to stay in the north part of town that are moderately priced. Do you have a need for parking or internet? 
Yes, I'd love to have free internet, and I'd really like to stay at a guest house if possible.
The Arbury Lodge Guesthouse has a 4 star rating.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure. Please book for 6 people and 3 nights starting Tuesday.
I've successfully booked your room. The reference number is VZCXFU9V. 
Can I please have the address?
They are located at 82 arbury road. Do you need anything else?
No thank you, that is all I needed.
You're welcome, enjoy your stay.
***
Are there any hotels where the wifi doesn't cost extra?
Yes of course we can arrange a hostel that does not charge for wifi as extra. Do you have a brand in mind?
no, it just needs to include parking and wifi
which offers wifi for free?
I would appreciate it if you could tell me which hotel includes free wifi and free parking. Thanks.
Actually there are 29 options to choose from, sir. What price range are you looking for?
any price range. be a hotel, has free parkin. get me the address too
How about the Ashley hotel. The address is 74 chesterton road.
that would be great. What's the area?
The Ashley Hotel is in the north. Would you like me to book accommodation for you?
No, thank you. That is all the information I needed today.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, and hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a nice day.
***
Yes, I am looking for information for the Kirkwood House.  Can you help me?
I would love to help! This is a guesthouse located in the north. It is moderately priced and has a four star rating. Any thing else? 
Does the Kirkwood House have free parking and wifi?
Yes Kirkwood house has both internet and parking available, would you like help booking a room?
I'm not sure about that... maybe I could just get their phone number from you?
The phone number for the kirkwood house is 01223306283. May I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.
***
I am looking for a specific hotel
Can you give me the name of the hotel you're looking for?
yes.its name is bridge guest house.
I found it. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, for 6 people for 5 nights starting on friday.
I apologize, but the hotel can't accommodate you.
How about for Sunday?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : IHW6XAGZ.
Great, thanks for your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
You can end this conversation now
Ok I will.
***
I need to find a four stars hotel in the north that has indoor free parking.
We have seven matches for your requirements. Do you have any additional preferences?
It doesn't need internet included
I have 7 options for you. 6 are moderately priced, and 1, Worth House, has a cheap price. Would you like more information?
Does Worth House have free wifi?
Yes, worth house is a cheap four star guesthouse in the north area with free parking and internet. All our options for your other preferences have wifi. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes book me a stay for 4 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday please
Oh, I'm unable to process that.  Would you care for a shorter stay?
Can you see if I can get three nights?
I was able to book a room for 3 nights. Your reference number is V96BTDAI.
Oh, thank you so much. You've been most helpful.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
***
I am looking for moderately priced lodging with free wifi.
There are 17 hotels that match that criteria.  Would you like to narrow it down some? Do you need free parking?  What area would you like?
I would like it to have a four star rating. 
There are 11 entries. Does type matter to you?
It does not.  Do you have a favorite?
I particularly like the acorn guest house in the north. It meets your criteria plus offers parking, just in case you might need it. Would you like a booking? 
I don't need a booking but can you tell me the postcode and address?
Yes of course, their postcode is cb41da, and their address is 154 Chesterton road. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
No, that is all the information I needed.  Thank you!
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
***
I'd like to find a cheap place to stay.
I can certainly help you with that. We have 10 listings for cheap lodgings. Do you have any other requirements?
I would like for it to be located in the center of town. 
Sure.  I found 2 guesthouses.  One with 4 stars and one with 0 stars.  Do you have a preference?
No, I don't have a preference. Do those places have wi-fi? 
Yes, they both do. The Alexander B&B is our inexpensive 4 star guesthouse. Would you like me to see if I could book you room?
I am not ready to book yet. Thanks for the information.
You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all! Thanks! 
Have a great day!
***
Guten Tag, I am staying overnight in Cambridge and need a place to sleep. I need free parking and internet.
I have 4 different options for you. I have two cheaper guesthouses and two expensive hotels. Do you have a preference? 
No, but I'd really like to be on the south end of the city. Do any of those fit the bill?
Sure.  Does price matter?  We can narrow it down and find exactly what you need.
No I don't care about the price. Which one do you recommend?
I would recommend aylesbray lodge guest house. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
The booking was unsuccessful. would you like another day or a shorter stay?
How about for 3 nights?
Booked! Reference number is: 84ESP6F5
Great.  I am all set then.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
Have a nice stay.  Bye.
***
I am looking to stay at a guesthouse with free wfii 
Allenbell matches those requirements, would you like to stay there?
Does it include free parking?
Yes, it does. Do you have any other criteria, or would you like me to book you a room?
I would like to book it for 2 nights for 2 people starting on Saturday.
I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful.  How about acorn guest house? They also have free internet and parking. Shall I try booking that for you?
Is that in the same price range as the Allenbell? That would work for me.
It is in the moderate price range.  Would that work for you?
yes, please attempt to book that one for me.
Great! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is TXV8RUST. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay great. No that will be it.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a good day.
***
Do you think you might be able to recommend a nice guesthouse?
I sure can! First of all, is there a price range you would like to stay within?
Something cheap, but 4 star quality.
How about the allenbell located at 517a coldham lane that is the cheap price range?
Does it include free wifi?
Yes it does. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, not right now. Could you tell me what area that's in, and the postcode and phone number?
It's on the east side of town. The postcode is cb13js, and the phone number is 01223210353.
Thank you for your help! That's all I will need for today.
Thank you for contacting the help desk, have a great day.
***
I need a place to stay that doesn't have to have internet and is in the expensive price range please.
I have 5 different ones all around town. Did you prefer to stay in a certain area? 
Yes, on the east side please.
The express by Holiday Inn Cambridge meets your needs, would you like to book it?
Does it have free parking?
Yes, it does.
I'm not ready to book.  Can you just tell me what the address is?  Oh, and how many stars is it?
Sure.  It's a two star hotel and the address is 15-17 Norman Way, Coldhams Business Park.  Anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
You're welcome! Please contact us if you would like to make a reservation in the future.
***
Yes, I am trying to find a hotel by the name of allenbell. Can you help me?
I've located Allenbell Guesthouse. It's in the east at address 517a coldham lane postcode cb13js. The contact number is 01223210353. Would you like to book a room? 
Yes. I would like to book it for 8 people and 5 nights starting from tuesday.
Your booking is confirmed, 8 people for 5 nights starting Tuesday at the Allenbell. Booking reference is YLPAOS85. Do you need anything else? 
No, thank you. Thanks for your help.
Thank you for choosing the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
***
Could you tell me if you have a 5 star hotel on the south side?
Unfortunately, I don't happen to have anything that meets your specifications. Can I look in another area for you? 
It really needs to be in the south and have a 5 star rating. It can be a hotel or guesthouse though. 
I'm sorry but there are no hotels are guesthouses with a 5 star rating in the south. Would you like to try a 4 star rating instead?
Yeah, that would be fine. 
We have 2 guesthouses that match your needs. aylesbray lodge guest house or rosa's bed and breakfast. Does either of these fancy your interest?
Do either of them have internet? I'll also take the address for both.
Yes, they both do. Aylesbray is at 5 Mowbray Road, and Rosa's is located at 53 Roseford Road.
Thanks for the information!
You are welcome, do you need any thing else?
That should be all, thank you. 
You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Goodbye.
***
Are there any 4-star guesthouses?
It looks like alot of places are listed that have 4 stars. Did you have a preference on the area or price range maybe?
Yes. the hotel should be located in the North and should include free wifi
Home from Home is a nice guesthouse with fee parking included.  Can I reserve a room for you?
Does Home from Home have free wifi? 
It sure does. Can I book your stay for you?
No, thanks. Have a nice day.
Okay. Thank you, Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should be in the moderate price range
Alright. what area do you want to stay in?
I would like to stay in the east.
There are three locations which fit your needs, sir. The Warkworth House is an excellent choice.
Okay, I want to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.
Unfortunately, the hotel couldn't accommodate you. would you like to change the day or time?
What about on Friday?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 49R7ARU6.
Great, thanks so much!
Thank you goodbye
***
I am looking for a 0 star hotel to stay at somewhere in the north area.
I have one place that suits your needs. It is the City Centre North B & B. They are located on 328a Histon Road. They offer both free wifi and parking.
Is that place cheap?
Yes. City Centre North B & B is in the cheap pricerange.
Ok, that's awesome. Can you book me a room there for Saturday for 8 people and 2 nights?
I'm sorry. The booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for another day or a shorter stay?
Sure, how about just for one night?
Success. The reference number is MOUX96ZE.
Great! Thanks so much for your help with that.
Perfect. I'm sure you'll love it. Good day.
***
Howdy! Is the Hamilton Lodge still open?
Yes, this guesthouse is open. Do you need help with booking?
Yes please.  I'd like a room for 5 people on Monday for 5 nights.
I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful,can I help you find another place in the same area?
How about another hotel in the same price range?
Would you like to book a room at the acorn guest house? It is in the moderate price range like the Hamilton Lodge.
Yes that will be fine.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is  1WRSIG9U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. I think that is all I need. Thanks for your help!
Happy to help. Have a great day! Good-Bye!
***
I am looking for a hotel called the leverton house.
May I suggest the guesthouse called the Leverton House.
Yes, that is the one I wanted. Could I book a four night stay starting on Saturday?
How many people will be staying?
There will be a total of 8 of us. 
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have rooms available. Would you like me to try a different hotel?
Sure.  You can try something different as long as it is in the same price range as Leverton House.
I was able to book allenbell, reference number is KZBURD59.
Thank you! good bye.
Enjoy your stay.
***
I'm looking for a hotel in the west area. It doesn't need to have free parking.
There are four possibilities on the west side. Do you have preferred price range?
I don't have a preferred price range, but I'd like one with free wifi. 
There are 4 places that provide internet on the west side. 2 are hotels, and 2 are guesthouses. Do you have a preference? 
Do they have parking? I want one that does not have parking.
I'm not showing anything in that area of town with no parking.  Would you like to try a different area?
Can you check and see if there's one in the north, please?
The Avalon is a guesthouse in the north. It offers free wifi but not parking. Does this meet your liking and would you like to book a room?
That works. Book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting with Wednesday.
I'm sorry, but the Avalon isn't available for those dates. Would you like to book starting on another day or for fewer nights?
How about 3 nights?
I was able to book if for that time. The reference code is QLM5YVJD
Wonderful, thank you.  That is all I need.  Bye.
You're very welcome, enjoy your stay. Thank you and goodbye! 
***
I am looking for a guest house that i can stay in.Free parking is also an added advantage.
Acorn guest house is nearby and provides free parking.  What are the days of your stay?
4/5/2018 - 4/10/2018
Acorn Guest House seems to be a good option.  Alexander Bed and Breakfast also has parking but is in the town centre.  Would you prefer one of those?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range and free internet, please.
I think acorn guest house is a good match for you!
Perfect. what is the star and area of the hotel?
Acorn guest house has a 4-star rating and is in the north. Do you want me too book it for you?
No that won't be necessary. I have all of the information I need for now. Thanks
You are welcome. Please call back if you need any more help or if you want me to book it for you.
Thank you goodbye
Glad I could help. Please let us know if you need help in the future.
***
I'm looking for more information on arbury lodge guesthouse.
The arbury lodge guesthouse is a 4 star hotel in the north area at a moderate price range and includes internet and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. For 3 people, 3 nights starting on tuesday.
Your booking was successful. The Reference number is : 4HWMO5PZ.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.

welcome again next time
***
I am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
Okay I can help you with that. What area would you like to stay in?
I don't have a preference for location, but it should be in the moderate price range and should have a star rating of 4.
There are 33 hotels with a 4 start rating and in the moderate price range. What area did you have in mind? 
It should also include free wifi.
There are no hotels that match your criteria. Would you be ok with a guesthouse?
Yes. I'll need accomodations for 8 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.
I would recommend acorn guest house in the north area or a and b guest house in the east area. Which would you prefer?
Acorn, please. Could you book that?
The reservation was successful, your reference number is K6CPBLHM
Thank you. That should be it, thank you for your time.
You're welcome, glad I could help.
***
I kind of need some help finding a nice hotel in the north part of town. 
There are two hotels in the north part of town in the moderate price range, does that price range work for you?
Do either of those have 4 stars? 
I'm sorry, they are both 2 star hotels. Would you like to try a different area or star number?
A 4 star guesthouse in the north would be fine too. 
There are several in the moderate price range and one that is cheap.  Does price matter?
No, it doesn't. What place would you recommend?
I recommend Worth House because it is in the cheap price range and has a high rating. Do you want me to book Worth House for you?
Yes. I'll need a reservation for 3 nights starting Sunday. There are 3 people in my party.
I have made reservations for 3 starting on Sunday for 3 nights.
Great to hear that, can you provide me also with reference number?
All set! Your reference number is 7PUKE6MS. Do you need any more help?
thats all i needed! cheers.
great to hear that bye
***
I am looking for a hotel with a three star rating and a cheap price 
I'm sorry, but there are no hotels that match your criteria. Would you like to change your price range or stars requirement?
Do you have a guesthouse that meets my requirements?
Unfortunately no. Is there another type of hotel you are interested in? 
I would like a guesthouse that meets all my previous criteria, except now I want one in the moderate price range and it doesn't need to include internet.
I found the Alpha-Milton guest house in the north side. Would you like to book a room?
Not yet. But I would like their telephone number.
Their phone number is: 01223311625
Thank you! That is all the information I need.
Cool, have a nice trip!
***
Hi.  I a looking for a cheap place to stay.  What can you recommend for me?
There is 1 hotel and 9 guesthouses in the cheap price range. Do you have a preference for type or area?
I would like something in the east of the city, I don't care about internet
How about Autumn House? It's cheap and in the East.
That sounds good, Thank you
Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes. I need a reservation for 2 people for 4 nights starting on Saturday.
I'm sorry, the reservation was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day or a shorter stay?
Sure, can you try just 2 nights, please?
Okay, I've made you a reservation at the autumn house. Your reference number is HCQFAEJ3. Can I do anything else for you today?
No that would be all.
Okay, thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
Hello, I need to find a hotel with free wifi and free parking. Can you help me?
There are 29 places with free internet and parking. Do you have an area, price, star, or hotel type preference?
Can you find me a guesthouse that is expensive?
Unfortunately, I don't happen to have any guesthouses that are in the expensive range. Can I look in another price range perhaps? 
How about in the moderate price range?
I have 12 guesthouses that match your needs. Do you have additional requirements to narrow down the search?
Could you recommend one with free wifi and free parking in the moderate price range, and give me the star rating and phone number?
Acorn Guest House is a 4 star place that meets your requirements. The phone number is 01223353888.
Thank you, that will be all. Goodbye.
Enjoy! Goodbye! 
***
I want to find a place to stay in the north that doesn't need to have free internet.
I have the Alpha-Milton guest house in the north that does not include free wifi.  Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
I should have told you I am specifically looking for a hotel and not a guest house. 
I have no hotels in the north that don't include Wifi but I have found 2 that do.
Can you find a guesthouse for me?
Yes there are many. When should I book it for and how many?
Book for 3 nights for 3 people starting sunday please.
I am a bit confused. Did you want a guesthouse or a hotel? If you want a hotel, I can book the Ashley hotel for you.
Yes, if I can get into a hotel in the north that would be best.
Okay I've booked you into the Ashley and your reference number is  420X4N75.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Okay well enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
***
I'm looking for a place to stay. I would like for it to be a 4 star guesthouse.
I actually have many 4-star guesthouses in town. Is there a certain area that interests you?
No, just moderate price range.
Trying to narrow this down do you need free parking or free wifi?
No, that doesn't matter.
I'd recommend that Avalon, as it fulfills your needs. It's located at 62 Gilbert Road cb43pd and the phone number is 01223353071. Would you like more information?
Let's go ahead and make a reservation. I'll be arriving Tuesday and would like to stay 5 nights. There will be 7 people in my group. 
Booked! Reference number is: DR0ZGF0P
Thank you for the help. Have a nice day.
Thank you. You, too!
***
I'm looking for an expensive guesthouse to say at.
I am sorry there are no guesthouse in the expensive range.  Would you like to try a hotel instead?
Do you have a hotel with free parking?
Unfortunately there is no expensive hotel with free parking. Would you like me to search in a different price range?
Can you look at the cheap price range for me please?
We have 9 hotels to choose from. Is there a particular amount of stars you're looking for, or location?
I need a cheap hotel for 6 people on wednesday for 3 nights please.
Allenbell guesthouse is available. It's in the cheap price range and has free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please for 3 nights from Wednesday for 6 people please.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book that. Shall I try another hotel?
Yes please. One in the same price range.
Good news! I got you into Autumn House instead and you still have free parking and a cheap price for your stay. Your reference number is E3MXBFLL.
Perfect! Thank you for your help.
The address of Autumn House is 710 newmarket road, and the phone number 01223575122.
Thanks so much. That is all I need. Have a good day.
Awesome. Happy to help. Good-Bye!
***
I am looking for an expensive hotel with free parking. 
We have 5 places that offer all of that. Any preference on star rating or area?
No, that's not important to me. But, I would prefer to stay in a guesthouse with free parking. 
Sorry, there are no guesthouse type expensive places with free parking. Perhaps you'd  prefer a different type or price range?
Cheap would be fine as well.
Sure, the Allenbell is a 4 star guesthouse.  Does that sound good?
Yes. Can you make a reservation for 4 nights starting Wednesday? There are 5 people in my party.
I've made your reservation. The reference number is E8NPWA4B. What else can I help you with?
That's all I needed, thanks so much for your help!
You're welcome, enjoy your stay!
***
I am looking for somewhere to stay in the east.
There are 7 hotels in the east. Do you have a price range or other needs to narrow them down?
Yes, I would like it to be cheap and a type of guesthouse.
I have three hotels that meet your needs.  Would you like more information on them?
Which one would be available to book 5 people for 5 nights starting this Monday?
I was able to book you in the Autumn House with reference number 8BCYNW35. May I help with anything else?
That is all.  Thank you.
Let us know if we can help further. Good day. 
***
Hi I am looking to get some information on autumn house hotel.
What would you like to know?
I'd like to know it's address and phone number.  I'd also like to book it for 6 people, Thursday, for 4 nights. 
The address of the Autumn house is 710 Newmarket Road and the phone number is 01223575122 and I will make that reservation.
Do you have the reference number for that reservation?
Booking was unsuccessful.
Would you like to find another hotel.
***
I am looking for the gonville hotel. Can you help me?
Yes, would you like some information or do you want to go ahead and book it?
Could you check to see if they have booking for 3 people and 2 nights starting from thursday?
There are no rooms available for that time.  Can I find a different hotel for you?
Yes,please try South part of town,thank you.
I can book a room for you at bridge guest house. Your reference number is C147JV9N. Will that be okay?
That's great. Thank you. 
Okay is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be it. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system!
***
Hello. I am needing some help finding a cheap room. 
I can absolutely help with that. Do you have any additional preferences?
Yes, I would like it to be a guesthouse and I need free wifi!
I see a few choices here. Do you have any other requirements?
How about something that is 4-star rated? 
There are 7 gueshouses that meet your requirements. Is there an area of town that you prefer? 
Not really.  Anywhere will do. 
Would you like me to make a booking for you.
No, that's not needed. Just give me the name address and phone number of one of these hotels.
Can I recommend autumn house located at 710 newmarket road, the phone number is 01223575122.
awesome, thanks for assistance!
always there for help, enjoy your stay!
***
Can you help me find a place to stay? I would like to stay in a hotel that includes free wifi.
Yes, we have 9 hotels that have free wifi. Do you have a preference for area of town or price range? 
I'd like south and expensive please. 
How about The Lensfield Hotel? Would you also like to make a booking?
Could you please tell me the star rating? I also need the address and phone number please.
Sure.  It's a 3 star hotel.  The address is 53-57 Lensfield Road and the phone number is 01223355017.  Anything else?
No that's all. Thanks.
Have a great day
***
I am  looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should have a star of 4
I am sorry, but we do not have any hotels like that in that area.
Do you have any guesthouses like that?
Yes, I have two. Would you prefer a pricerange of cheap or moderate?
I am not picky, really.
I'd recommend rosa's bed and breakfast. Want me to book it for you?
Yes, we are arriving on Monday. Five of us for 5days, please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : A51B0MGU.  Enjoy your stay!

Thanks for your help! Bye!
My pleasure. Thank you for contacting TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
***
I am hoping you can find a guesthouse in the north part of town for me.
I found five guesthouses. In order to narrow down the choices, would you like one that has internet or parking?
Well I would like one that's in a moderate price range. It needs to include free parking.
There are 7 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced and all have parking, I apologise for the earlier error. Do you have a preference to star numbers? 
No, that doesn't matter. I need to book one for Wednesday.
How about the Archway House? How manny days would you like to stay, and how many in your group?
Yes, that works. I'd like to book 3 days for 7 people. I also need the reference number as well.
I'm afraid there's no availability for that time. Can we try a different day or length of stay?
2 nights, then.
I am sorry, that hotel is not open for that booking. Should I try another hotel?
Yes, please. Something in the north, again.
Actually I was able to book Archway House for you after all.  2 Nights.  Your reference number is MHAH7NWT. Do you need anything else?
Nope. I think I'm all set. Thank you kindly. 
You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
***
I need a hotel with free parking, thanks! 
The gonville hotel includes free parking and is in the center. Would you like to make a booking?
Does it have a 4 star rating?
no it only has 3 stars, would you like me to find you something else?
Yes, I want to stay somewhere nice, 4 stars.
huntingdon marriott hotel is a nice place and is a 4 star hotel.Would you like me to book it for you ?
***
Hi, I am looking for a r star place to stay that has free wifi.
How many stars would you like?
Four stars please. 
I have 21 that have 4 stars, 18 are guest houses and 3 are hotels. Do you have a preference to area or type of place?
I would like something in the north and has free wifi and free parking if possible. 
I have the Acorn Guesthouse, Arbury Lodge Guesthouse, and Archway House in that area all with free wifi and parking. Can I book one of these for you?
Can you book the Acorn Guesthouse for Thursday?
I'll be happy to. How many people in your party? And how many nights will you be staying?
Great, I need it for 5 people for 3 nights, and let me know the reference number.
You've been booked and your reference number is V69YHH10.
Excellent! Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually that is all. Have a lovely day.
Here is the address and telephone number of the hotel, so can arrive without any problem.
Thanks. Bye now.
Thank you. Have a great day.
***
Are there any proper hotels in the south?
Yes, the Lensfield Hotel is an expensive hotel in the south with 3 stars, free wifi, and free parking. It's located at 53-57 lensfield road cb21en. Would you like to book?
Ok, are there any hotels in the cheap price range in the south part of town?
I'm not finding any.  Would you care for another part of town?
Can we check for guesthouses?
Rosa's bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the south area that meets your preferences. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that will work.
When would you like to visit? 
I don't need a reservation right now, but does Rosa's B&B have internet?
Yes they do! Do you have any other questions about Rosa's? 
I really need internet. Can you tell me if they have free wifi?
Yes, Rosa's absolutely has free WiFi.  Can I book a room for you?
No, that's fine!
Sure.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you.
Thank you for using our services & have a good day.
***
I want to find a guesthouse to stay at in the north part of town.
The acorn guest house is in the north part of town. Would you like to make a booking?
Is that in the expensive price range?
No, that is in the moderate price range.
I would like one that is in the expensive price range, please. A bit more upscale.
I am sorry but I cannot find a guesthouse in the north that is expensive. Would you like me to look for a different price range?
No, are there any guesthouses available in the Centre?
No there are no guesthouses in the centre. Would you like anything else?
***
Can you find me a cheap hotel with free parking?
Most of the cheap options we have are guesthouses, though I do have one hotel in the west. Do you have a preference?
How many stars does this hotel have, and does it have wifi? 
It has a 4 star rating and wifi yes.
Can you tell me the name and phone number of that hotel please? 
It is the Cambridge Belfry hotel and the phone number is 01954714600. Do you need any other details?
No, actually that did it. I have all I need. Thanks again. Goodbye. 
Have a nice day, goodbye!
***
Can you navigate me to a 5 star hotel with free wifi please?
I was unable to find any hotels matching those requirements. 
Do you have a place with free wifi in the cheap range with a star of 4?
I've found 21 hotels that meet those criteria. The Allenbell is one. Should I book it?
What type of hotels are they?
The Allenbell is a guesthouse. Do you have any other specifications I can narrow your search by?
looking for something with 5 stars and free wifi
Sorry, but we've already established that there are no 5-star hotels available. I can provide you with some 4-star options.
Sorry, how silly of me. I want to stay at a hotel, not a guesthouse. A cheap 4 star with free wifi, please.
Okay, we've got the the cambridge belfry.  Shall I book you a room?
I don't need it booked just yet.  I just needed the info, thanks.
All right. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you for your patience.  I am all set now.  Bye.
Great! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye! 
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should include free parking
There are many results with free wifi and parking, to help narrow it down, what area do you want to stay in?
north area in a guesthouse
what star rating?
It doesn't matter as long as I can book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting Thursday.
Did you have a price range in mind?
No, I am not picky.
Booking was not successful for that night at the acorn guest house, would you like me to try a different place?
how about wednesday instead?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different location?
Yeah try a different place. Anywhere that meets my requirements
I'm going to try for the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse, sir. Is that all right?
Yes please try it.
I was able to book the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse on Thursday for 2 nights for two people and your reference number is K9ZNS97G. Is there anything else you need?
That was everything, thanks.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day!
***
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel called Leverton House.
The Leverton House is a guesthouse in the east of the city. Their phone number is 01223292094.
Thank you. Please book a  reservation for 6 people for 2 nights starting tuesday. 
I am sorry, but the Leverton House was not available for your party on Tuesday. Would you like me to look for another hotel?
Is there another hotel available in the same price range?
In what area would you like? Leverton is in the East, should the hotel be in the same area?
No, I don't care about the area, just the price. Recommend me one?
Yes Leverton is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, you said Leverton wasn't available.  Please just book a different  hotel in the same price range as Leverton.  Thanks.
I have booked you a room at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.  Your reference number is JGTE0KGB.   Is there anything else today?
That will be all, thank you.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
I'm looking for the Lensfield Hotel. Can you help me find it?
Yes of course, it is located at 53-57 lensfield road. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
No thank you. Could you give me the postcode and tell me if they have free parking?
Yes, they have free parking. The postcode is cb21en. Is there anything else you'd like to know about this hotel?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks! Bye!
You are welcome. Goodbye!
***
I am looking for a moderately priced, 4 star hotel.
I'm sorry I have found no matches. 
What about moderately priced 4 star lodging of any hotel type?
How about avalon? They're a guesthouse in the north.
Do they offer parking and wifi?
They do offer wifi but no parking.
Are there any that include both free parking and free wifi? The area doesn't matter.
The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse that has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I just have the phone number?
Sure, their phone number is 01223353888. May I assist you with anything else? 
What area is that one in?
The Acorn Guest House is in the north. Can I help you with anything else today?
That takes care of everything, thanks so much! Bye for now.
They are in in the north area. 
ok, Thank you and good bye.
You are welcome, have a great day.
***
Can you give me any info on whether you have any 2-star hotel or guesthouses somewhere in town?
Yes, there are three! How about Ashley Hotel?
Does it have free wifi and free parking?
Yes, the Ashley offers both free wifi and free parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, make a reservation for 2 for 3 nights starting Wednesday. 
That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day, or a different length of stay?
How about trying another 2-star hotel with free wifi and free parking?
Would you like to try Express by Holiday Inn or Lovell Lodge?
Yes, the Express is fine. I need it for 2 people and for 3 nights starting Wednesday. I need the reference number, please.
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to change the preferences?
Let me look over my notes quick.  I need a hotel, not a guestroom, with 2 stars.  Free Parking & WiFi.  3 nights starting Wednesday, 2 people.
We have three, what area of town would you like?
Area doesn't matter. Just book me one and hand me the reference number.
Alright, you have a reservation at the ashley hotel. The reference number is O1T3GRKQ. Can I help you find anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you 
Have a pleasant stay.  Good bye.
***
I have heard a lot of good things about the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse. Would you be able to provide any information on them?
Yes, the arbury lodge guesthouse is in the north part of town in the moderate price range. It has parking and internet. Would you like to book a room?
No thank you. How many stars does it have? What is the postcode? 
It has 4 stars, and the postcode is cb42je. 
Okay thank you that is all I need to know.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
I am look for a place to stay that is in the moderate price range and it should include free parking.
We have 14 places that are moderately priced with parking. Do you want any particular area?
The area isn't important but I'd like to stay in a guesthouse if possible. 
I think the Bridge Guest House would be perfect for you. Would you like to make a reservation?
Does it have free wifi? 
Yes, it does have free internet.
Okay, great! I would like to book a room please. There will be 3 of us.
For how many days and when would  you be coming?
Tuesday. 5 nights. Reference number please.
Of course! You're booked with reference number 7BWSFBYX. May I assist with anything else?
No, that will be all.  Thanks very much.
Thank you, have a good stay. Goodbye.
***
Are there any 4-star hotels which are moderately priced?
We have 11 guest houses which are moderately priced, but no hotels.
A guesthouse is fine. I'm looking for a place in the north with free parking.
Acorn guest house is available if that works for you.
That's good. Can you book it for 3 people?
For how many days and starting what day?
Starting Friday for 4 nights. There will be 3 guests.
I'm not able to book for those nights.  Would you want to try a shorter stay?
Yes, that would be fine. Is there a room available for one night?
I was able to get you 1 night at the Acorn Ref# E45FQB5O. Can I help you with anything else today?
That shall be all! Thank you! 
You're welcome, goodbye and enjoy your stay! 
***
I need a place to stay in the east that has free wifi.
There are many in the east that fit you description. Can I find out what type and rating place to stay you are looking for?
A 4 star guesthouse would be ideal, thank you.
I have 6 guesthouses that fit that criteria. Would you like a cheap or moderate priced room?
Either would be fine as long as it can accommodate 6 people for 2 nights starting this Sunday.
Would you like me to try and book a room for you at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
Yes please and I need the address,thank you.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book those times. Would you like to try another hotel or time?
Could you try a different hotel in the same pricerange please?
Yes sure I was able to book you into the A and B and your reference number is MOE0AUAT.
Thank you so much for all your help. That is all I need.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
***
Yeah, hi. I could use some help finding something priced kind of moderately to stay at this weekend.
Certainly, we have many moderately priced hotels in Cambridge. What area of town would you like to stay in? 
I would like something north.  I also need free WiFi.
That narrows it down a bit. Do you need free parking, or is there a particular star rating you'd like?
Free parking is great but not required. The star rating isn't important. 
We have 10 listings but only 2 of them are hotels, rest are guesthouses. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Doesn't matter. I just need a place with room for a party of 4 for 5 nights beginning Thursday.
All right, I've booked you a room at the Avalon guesthouse. The reference number is S6DQRXZ2. 
Awesome.  That's all I needed.  Thanks.
Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking for an expensive place to stay at in the north section of town, can you help with this?
I'm afraid there aren't any expensive places in that area. Would you like me to try a different part of town? 
Hmm, really. I thought there was. Can you double check please? It can be either a hotel or guesthouse. 
I've checked again. Unfortunately, there are no expensive hotels in the northern part of town.
Okay.  How about one moderately priced?
We have 11 moderately priced options on the north end. Are free internet or parking requirements for you?
I will need free wifi and parking.
How about the acorn guest house. It fits your needs. Shall I book that for you?
Hmm, maybe. What's their postcode?
The post code for the Acorn Guesthouse is , cb41da. Anything else you may need?
Great, I will book it myself. Thanks for your help.  Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
Could you help me find a hotel on the south side of town?
We have several options.  Will you be needing parking or internet?
I need to have free wifi.
I have 4 gueshouses all located in the south. May I book a room for you?
Yes that is fine. 
When would you like to go and what size party will you have?
4 people. Starting Tuesday, 5 nights.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
As long as it's in the same price range. Can you give me the reference number too please?
Booking was successful at the aylesbray lodge guest house. The reference number is 8LNX4EQO.
Thank you. That's everything. 
You're welcome. Have a nice day. 
***
I'm looking for a place to stay in the city centre that has free parking.
I have 4 different places available to you. 2 are hotels and the other 2 are guesthouses. Do you have a preference?
Do you have any that would be moderately priced? 
No I'm sorry, I don't. Is there another price range you would consider?
No, I need it to be moderately priced. Is there a hotel with free parking in the north?
I have 7 moderately priced guesthouses and 2 moderately priced hotels in the north, all with free parking.
Great! Id's like information on one of the hotels please. 
Do you have a further preference among them?
Do they have free wifi?
Yes, they do. I'd recommend Acorn Guest House. It's at 154 chesterton road cb41da. The phone number is 01223353888. Would that work for you?
That will help, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all the info I needed. Thanks so much for your help.
You are welcome.  Good bye.
***
Can you find me a hotel on the east side?
Sure, there are 7 entries for the eastside, 1 hotel and 6 guesthouses. Are there any special amenities you need or a price range you're looking for? 
A 4 star establishment, if possible.
I have 6 guesthouses meeting that criteria. Do you have any other preferences, say a price range?
Try a moderate price range. 
That narrows it down to three. A and B guesthouse, Carolina bed and breakfast and Warkworth house.
I'll take Warkworth house. I want to book it for 3 people and  3 nights on Wednesday.
Oh, no! There were no rooms available. would you like to find another hotel, instead?
Sure, either of the other 2 would be fine.
I was able to book at the carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is V6BZIIOC. Is there anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help.
You are very welcome. Please call again.
***
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has free wifi.
Ok.  Were you hoping for a particular price range or part of town?
I don't care about the part of town or the price range, but it needs to be a three star hotel. 
The Hamilton Lodge would be perfect! It is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse on the north side of town. Does that sound okay to you?
Does the The Hamilton Lodge have both free wifi and free parking?
Yes, it does. Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes please book the Hamilton Lodge. 
What night would you like me to book for you, and for how many people?
Wednesday, 6 people, for five nights, please. 
I am sorry, the Hamilton is already booked. Would you be interested in the Bridge Guest House instead? It is the same as the Hamilton but is in the Southern area.
Yes, that will be fine.
Okay. I was ablt to book you into there and your reference number is O4BPEOXQ.
Great. Thanks so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be it. Thank you.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
***
Can you look up a hotel called Cityroomz?
Certainly. I have the listing here. What do you need to know?
I need to make a reservation for 4 nights starting from Tuesday, for 6 people.
Your reservation is set, reference number is UXVWQEL9. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Bye now!
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I am looking for a place to stay in the centre area.
Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
It doesn't matter, but it should have free wifi.
I have over 33 options with wifi in the center of town. Do you have a price range you would prefer?
Do any of them have a zero star rating?
i booked your hotel here is your conformation codeYI2WGUQA.
Thank you and the address please ?
The address is sleeperz hotel, station road.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
***
I am looking for some information on rosas's bed and breakfast.
Rosa's bed and breakfast is a cheap priced guesthouse in the south part of the city. 
Do they have a room available that will accommodate 4 people?
Yes for what day and time please?
4 people and 5 nights starting from thursday
The booking was unsuccessful.
Try another hotel, same price Range of Rosa's. 
Would you like me to book you at the allenbell? It's in the cheap price range in the east part of town.
Yes, please do. 
Okay I have you booked for the Allenbell guesthouse. Your reference code is L0ENMAAG. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you so much. That is all I need.
You are welcome.  Have a great stay at Allenbell.  Bye.
***
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel that was recommended. It's called the Cambridge Belfry? 
I have one listing for the cambridge belfry, the phone number is 01954714600. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes I need to make a reservation for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday.
I'm sorry, there aren't any rooms available at the cambridge belfry. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes, please find one that is close to it.
There are 4 others in the west area,what price range are you looking for?
In the same price range as the Belfry. Can I get the reference number too?
I have booked you at Finches Bed and Breakfast. Reference number is : J9AW7GHH Is there anything else you need help with?
No thank you. Goodbye.
Okay. Glad I could help.
***
I need a five starts hotel close to a mall and main restaurants. The hotel should include free wifi in the room.
I'm sorry, but there are no 5-star hotels anywhere in Cambridge. Would you like to broaden your criteria?
How about something with 4 stars and something expensive.
I have 2 options for you - The Huntingdon Marriot on the west side, and the University Arms in the center. Are you interested in one of these?
Maybe.  Is either one a 4 star hotel?  If so, I'd like to book a room for 4 nights.
Both are 4 stars. How many days would you be staying, and how many people are in your party? I can see if something is available.
I need a reservation for 4 nights starting Saturday.
How many are in your party?
3 people. Can I get the reference number please?
I'm sorry, but there is nothing available at that time at either hotel. Would you like to try fewer nights or perhaps a different arrival day?
Will you try Sunday arrival?
Yes, I tried Sunday but it isn't available.  Can you shorten your stay at all?
Yes, can you try it for 3 nights, please.
Neither hotel appears to have three days available starting on Sunday for three people, can I look something else up for you?
I may have been confusing you.  Could you try and book a 4 star, expensive hotel for 3 nights, starting on Saturday? 3 people.  Wifi please.
Sure. I was able to book you for the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. Reference #IHGCTXH9. Anything else I can help with?
Whew, thanks, sorry for all of the confusion. I think that covers everything. thanks so much for the help.
You're quite welcome. If you need anything else just message us again. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I need a place to stay in the expensive range.
I found 5 expensive hotels, do you have a particular area you would like to stay in? 
Yes, I would like to stay in the west. 
I have the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is it a 4 star place?
Yes, it sure is. Would you like to reserve a room?
Once you find the hotel you want to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : V4BVJWHG. Is there anything else I can assist you?
That is all for now. Thank you for your help.
Thank you and have a nice time.
***
Hello! I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and zero stars.
Yes, I have two guesthouses that fit that criteria. Would you like to stay in the north or centre?
Do you have anything in the east?
There is nothing in the east with zero stars and free parking. Do you want to change the star rating or other criteria?
No can you please check in the north instead then?
The city centre north b and b meets your criteria. Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation on Saturday for 6 people and we will be staying for 2 nights.
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another hotel?
Yes i would like something in the same pricerange.
Nothing else is available on the cheap side. Something else perhaps? I am sorry.
You can change any other criteria, but the price range should be the same as the city centre north b and b. Please try again.
Booking was successful at worth house. Reference number is : E2KQ4G5L.
That's great. Thanks. Do you have their address?
The address is 152 chesterton road.
OK, I'm all set here. Thanks for your help.
Enjoy your stay at the worth house. Have a great day.
***
I need a guesthouse, with free parking. 
There are a few options meeting your requirements. What area should the guest house be in?
I would like it in the cheap price range in the west.
The Finches Bed and Breakfast fits those requirements. Would you like me to book that for you?
Actually, I don't care what part of town it is in.  I just need 4 stars.  Does The Finches offer that?
Yes they do have four stars. Free internet and parking, may I book that for you?
Yes please, just for 1 person for 2 nights starting on Monday.
I'm sorry, it wasn't available.  I did book a room at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  It is a cheap 4 star with free parking. Reference number B4IRJDNN.
Thank you for the reference number B4IRJDNN. Goodbye.
Goodbye! Have a great day!
***
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel. It doesn't need to include internet but needs to be near the centre.
I have 3 hotels and 2 guesthouse that fit your requirements, do you have a price range preference? 
Do any of them have free parking?
Yes, I have two guesthouses in the cheap range, and two hotels in the expensive range, all in centre with free parking. Would you have any other criteria to narrow it down?
Yes, what are their star ratings? I'd like one with a 4-star rating.
I see two with a 4 star rating in the centre.  One is a guesthouse and one is a hotel. 
The hotel sounds good, can we book it for 2 people for 4 nights, starting Monday?
Booking at university arms hotel was successful. Your reference number is UUZVCFBQ. Do you need anything else?
That will be all, thanks.
Thank you , let us know if you need more help.Bye.
***
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay with free wifi.
We have 10 possibilities for you. Do you have any additional preferences?
Yes, I am looking for a hotel with a 2 star rating. 
I don't have anything with two stars, free wifi, and in the cheap range. Would you like to try a different number of stars?
Let's try something in the moderate price range with two stars and free wifi please.
I have two options in the moderate price range. The Ashley House and Lovell Lodge. Would you like to try one of these?
Lets try the Ashley House please.
When will your stay be?
We'll arrive on Wednesday and stay 3 nights. There will be 2 of us.
I've made your reservation, and the reference number is 5NA21JWO. What else can I help you with? 
That is all I need for now. Thank you for finding the hotel.
You're very welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. I hope you have a great day!
***
Are there any guesthouses with 3 star ratings?
I was able to get four results for what you are looking for, is there a certain price range you would like?
Yes definitely.  I would like something moderate.
We have four guesthouses that fit the bill, two in the north, one in the south, and one in the west.
Out of those, can you find me one with free internet and parking?
We have 3 that match your criteria but Hamilton Lodge is very popular. Would you like to try there?
No, I'm not ready to book just yet. Thank you!
Just let us know when you are ready to book and we will be happy to assist you.  Have a great day!
***
Hi, I'm looking for a 1 star place to stay with free wifi.
I'm sorry there are no 1 star hotels with internet, would you like me to search on 2 stars, we have a few hotels available.
Alright. I wanted a 1 star, but I guess I can listen to the 2 star options.
I have 2 on the north side that are in the moderate price range and 1 on the east side in the expensive range. Would you like to book one.
Hmm. What do you what about 4 star hotels?
There are 5 guesthouses with 4 star ratings in Cambridge with moderate to cheap price ranges. Would you like more information?
Well, I'd like to book one.  I don't think it matters which one.
What dates would you like to book the room for?
I need it for two nights starting on Saturday.
Okay, how many people will be in your party?
It would be for 7 people.
I have booked you at the A and B Guest House at 124 tenison road.  The reference number is 0J08KUGQ. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all.  Thank you. Bye.
You are welcome, goodbye.
***
I need a hotel in the north that also has free parking.
There are 2 hotels in the north part of town with parking. Would you like to book one of them?
Do either of those have a 2-star rating? 
Yes, they both have a 2-star rating.
Can you see if either of them are available for 2 nights for 5 people starting on Thursday, I have no preference for which one.
Both of those hotels are completely booked up when trying to fit that criteria. Perhaps we can try different specifications?
Well, I'll have to see if I can shorten my stay then. Can you try for just 1 night? 
Yes, I've booked you for 1 night at the Ashley Hotel.
Great. Can I have the reference number please?
Of course. The reference number is TPTBTVJ9.
Great, that's all I need. Thank you for your help.
Have a great day!
***
Everyone keeps telling me I have to stay at Cityroomz when I visit next. Have you heard of it?
Yes. It is a moderately priced hotel in the centre of town. They don't have a star rating, but do offer free wifi. Would you like help booking a room there?
Yes, I would like to book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from Wednesday.
I'm so sorry, but I was unable to book per your request. Would you like to try a shorter stay or a different date?
Well, are there any other hotels that I can stay at during this time.  I really need these dates.  
Sure.  Do you want the same part of town?
No, Please book me at cityroomz if 3 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday is unavailable can you try one night?
One night was a success. Your reference number is KYH3R6AZ.
Thank you so much. 
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. that is all . Thanks.
Thank you, good bye.
***
Are there any hotels (not guesthouses) that have 0 stars?
Yes, actually. Cityroomz is a moderately priced 0 star hotel.
Do they have free wifi?
Yes, they do have free wifi! Would you like me to book a stay for you?
Yes! Can you book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting friday?
That booking was successful, your reference number is TFPBTYHN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all I needed thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for choosing us to book for you. Have a great day!
***
Any chance you can direct me to where I can locate a cheap room for the night?
Sure, we have a lot of cheap places to stay. Is there an area of town that you prefer? 
A guest house, with free parking, would be just the thing.
Might I suggest the Alexander Bed and Breakfast? They're cheaply priced, ranked 4 stars, and they do offer free parking.
That sounds perfect, actually. Can you book me a room on Thursday for 5 people for a 4 night stay? 
That booking was successful, your reference number is D3Q7SAFM. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that gives me everything I need.
OK great.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
***
I'm looking for a place to stay. I'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, and I don't care about internet. 
Do you have a specific area you would like to stay in?
The west, please.
I can offer you the Huntingdon Marriott, which is expensive, or the Cambridge Belfry, which is cheap. 
I'd like the Cambridge Belfry please.
Great! Do you need information on the Cambridge Belfry, or would you like to book a room?
I would like a room starting on Sunday for 4 nights. There will be 6 of staying.
You are all set. The reference number is 12OOOWTR.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you've been great. Thank you. Goodbye.
Your are welcome. I trust you will enjoy your visit. 
Thank you.  Goodbye. 
Bye, have a good day
***
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called autumn house
I have the Autumn House.  It is at 710 Newmarket Road.  Would you like the phone number?
No thanks. Would you book the Autumn House for me starting on Monday, please.
How many people would be staying and how many days will you be staying?
That's for 8 people and it's for 2 nights.
I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or a shorter stay?
Could you try Wednesday, instead?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 3H0WHD4Z.
Thank you goodbye
You're welcome. Thank you for calling and goodbye.
***
Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay with 4 stars.
Hi, i have many place to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking to stay in? 
I would like a guesthouse type with free wifi please. Also the area and address please. 
I found the Leverton House which meets your requirements.  It is in the east at 732-734 newmarket road.  Do you need a reservation?
No, I'll wait on that for now. Thanks for all your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.
Glad to have been of assistance. Have a good day. Goodbye.
***
Hello! Can you tell me about places to stay in the north area of town? I'll be on a business trip, so I do need free wifi.
I have several options that meet your needs. I would recommend the Avalon, unless you need free parking.
I do not need parking, is the Avalon moderately priiced?
Yes, the Avalon is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
Sure! Can you book it for 2 people and 5 nights starting Friday?
Sure.  Your reference number is 8Y3768BT.  Anything else?
Nope, that's all I need. Thank you!
You are very welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi in the west side of town.
There are two options available, which would you prefer cheap or expensive?
Either is fine. Can you book a room for 7 people for 2 nights? We'll arrive on Friday.
I do recommend huntingdon marriott hotel, but it is in the expensive price range. I want to confirm this is okay before booking. 
That sounds great.  Thanks.
Your booking for a party of 7 arriving on friday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is DZ1T0E9N. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all.  Thanks for the help.  Bye.
Thank you, have a great day, goodbye!
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east and should include free wifi
There is one hotel and 6 guesthouses in the east with free Internet. Do you prefer a certain price range?
no, I just need it on the east side.
how about the leverton house?
Sure, I'd like to book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday.
Sorry, but the hotel isn't available during that time. What about changing the date?
how about 2 nights instead?
Booking was successful.Reference number is : HDTPOS34.
Is there anything else I can help you with?

No, that's all I need. Thank you very much.
You are welcome. I can help with attractions and restaurants, if you wish.
Not at his time but I will keep it in mind. Have a good day. Bye.
Thank you.  Enjoy your trip.  Good bye.
***
I am looking for a place to stay in the south.
There are 4 places in the south. 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Which would you prefer?
I am looking to stay at a place with four stars, please.
The aylesbray lodge guest house is a 4 star hotel located at 5 mowbray road.
thank you for the help
Great! Have a nice day!

***
I need to find lodgings on the north side of town.
We have 13 available lodging areas in the north. Any preferences?
Some place in the north and it does not need to have free parking
There are 2 locations that match your criteria. The Alpha-Milton Guest House with a 3 star rating and the Avalon with a 4 star rating. Do either of these sound good?
Is the Avalon a hotel or a guesthouse?
The Avalon is a guesthouse. Would it interest you? If so, I can help you book a room if you like? 
Yes please, I would arrive Tuesday and need to book for 3 people.  It will be a 4 night stay.  Can I get a reference number please?
I have reserved your room at the avalon, reference number 2ASA82VJ. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks.
Thank you, good bye.
***
I'm going to be in the north part of town next week. Can you help me find a place to stay? 
We have 13 places to stay on the north side of town. Do you have any preference of whether you'd like to stay in a hotel or a guesthouse?
Let's see...I'd like to get free internet. And if you have a place with 4 stars, that would rock!
There are quite a few that would meet those requirements.  Would you prefer a cheap or moderate rate for your stay?
Honestly, the price range doesn't matter to me. Is there anything you can recommend?
I have the acorn guest house that is rated 4 stars and in the moderate price range.
That sounds good. What's its phone number, please?
The phone number is 01223353888. Would you like any other info?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Enjoy your stay and let me know if you need anything else. 
***
I am looking for a room and want to see if I can find somewhere that has 3 stars. Can I get some help with that?
I found 4 guesthouses and 2 hotels with 3 star ratings do you have a preference?
I'd prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse.
There is the Gonville hotel in the centre and The Lensfield hotel in the south, both have free internet and parking.  Would you like to book one of these?
Could you give me more information the the Lensfield?
The lensfield hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel in the south area. Their address is 53-57 lensfield road. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Yes please, book it for Saturday for 3 people for 3 nights. 
I'm sorry, I was unable to reserve rooms for that day and length of stay. Would you like to try anything else?
How about 2 nights?  Would that work?
I have successfully booked your stay at the Lensfield Hotel for two nights. 716V6QS6 is your reference number.
Great, thank you! That is all I need today.
Have a great stay!
***
Hello, I'm looking for a 1 star hotel with free parking in the west.
We don't have any hotels that meet those specifications.  Would you like a different area, or perhaps a different star rating?
Can we try a 4 star rating instead?
Do you have a price range that you are looking for?
I do not have a price range just need a hotel booked for 7 people. 
I'd recommend the huntingdon marriott hotel. If you'd like, I can see if they have an availability. What day are you arriving?
We'll be arriving on Friday, and we'd like to stay for 2 nights.
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : LXZ3ERL8. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that was everything. Thank you for the help.
You're very welcome. Have a great trip.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking
I have found 19 possible choices. Do you have a specific area in mind?
No, it just needs to be cheap.
how about leverton house? it looks lovely.
Sounds good. Can I get it for 7 people and 4 nights from thursday please?
 book another day or a shorter stay please
Ok, try for 2 nights.
Wonderful. Your booking was succesful. The reference number is 3HW0O0HD.
Thank you so much for all of your help!
You're welcome. May I help with something else, like a restaurant or attraction?
No that was all I needed. Thanks again.
You're most welcome. Goodbye.
***
I need to find a guesthouse with a 0 star rating.
I have two available. I have El Shaddai which is located in the centre of town. And I also have City Centre North B & B located in the north. 
Do they have free parking and wifi?
Yes, they both include free parking and wifi. 
That's awesome.  Can you book one of them for me?
Absolutely! When would you like to stay?
On Friday, and I'd like to stay 5 nights. This will be for 6 people. 
I've reserved your room for you, your reference number is 542J9WOG.
Excellent. Thank you for the help!
Awesome. Have a good day!
***
Could you recommend a local hotel with free parking?
Sure, there are 8 hotels that offer free parking. Would you like to stay in a specific part of town, or want a certain prince range?
Yes, I would like those in the south of town in the expensive price range.
I would like to recommend the Lensfield Hotel. It is located in the south in the expensive range with free parking.
Great. Please book it for 5 nights starting Thursday. 
For how many people would you like me to book that hotel?
Could you book it for 7 people, please. And what is the reference number?
I am sorry they have no rooms available. Perhaps another hotel, I am sorry about this.
Yes please and I need a reference number after booked please.
I also have Aylesbray Lodge Guest House in the south. It's moderately priced. Would that work for you?
I really want one in the same price range, please.
I got you a room at the University Arms Hotel. Your reference number is: 8OFBIII9. Anything else you need today?
No, thank you for helping me.  Good bye.
Okay. Glad I could be of help and enjoy your stay.
***
Good Afternoon, I am looking for a place to stay on the east side in a guest house
There are 6 possible places that fit your request. Would you like more information or to add additional search preferences?
Can you see if any of them offer free parking? 
5 of the guesthouses offer parking. What is your price range preference? 
Honestly, any price range will do. Can you suggest one for me and help me with booking a room? 
Absolutely. Can I suggest the Warkworth House at a moderate price range, or the Autumn House at a cheap price range. Do either of these interest you?
I would consider both.  I need to book for three people and 5 nights starting on Thursday.  Can either of them offer that?
I am having difficulty booking either of the. Can you find another day or time that would suit you?
I really need to stay during that time frame. Would you mind checking again?
OK, you're all booked for 3 nights at the Warkworth House, starting Thursday. Your reference number is AC1NVW47. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thanks!
You're welcome. Goodbye!
***
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay tonight. The hotel should be like a guesthouse in looks and style. Ideally, I'd like one in the moderate price range, please.
Is there a specific area you would like to stay in? Also, do you need internet and/or free parking?
I would like one with 4 stars please.
There are 11 that match your criteria. We can narrow that down a bit.  Would you prefer the North or the East?
Any one is fine with me, can you just find one with an availability for 8 people for 4 nights starting sunday?
I have you booked at Acorn guest house in north. Starting on Sunday for 4 nights for 8 people. Your reference number is ADGSM6SI. Would you like their address?
Thank you. I will not need their address. Goodbye.
Okay. Thank you for calling.
***
I'm looking for a place to stay in with free wifi in the west part of town.
How about the Hobsons House?
Is that a guesthouse? I like the guesthouse style, and I also need something that's moderately priced.
Yes it is a moderately priced guesthouse. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not yet.  Can I have the address there though?
Sure, it is 96 Barton Road.
Can I also get the postcode? And do they have free parking?
They have free parking. Postcode is cb39lh. Anything else you need?
No, that's all. Thanks!
Alright. You're all set. Enjoy!
***
I have an odd request, I am looking for a place to stay with a 0 star rating. 
There are actually 3 hotels with a 0 rating. Would you like to book one of them now?
Is one of them in the centre of town?
Yes I have one hotel and one guesthouse in the centre of town.
What sort of rates do they charge?
One is in the cheap price range and one is in the moderate price range.
Can we go ahead and get the cheap one please
I can try to book at the el shaddai for you. How long is your stay and for how many please?
I will be by myself and staying for 5 nights starting on Wednesday
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes, same price range.
Okay. I got you in at The Alexander and your reference number is UKJ7T0FW.
That is all I need, thank you.
Okay great. Please call us again.
***
I would like to book at room at alexander bed and breakfast
Sure thing, just tell me what day you're arriving, how many days you're staying, and how many people are in your party, and I'd be happy to set that up.
Actually I just need a bit of information. What is the price range, star rating, and phone number?
It's a cheap 4 star guesthouse and the number is 01223525725.  
Thank you very much! 
You're welcome. Have a great day.
***
Yes, I'd like to book three nights, for three people, at the Worth House hotel.
What day will you be checking in?
I would be arriving Sunday.
Ok.  The booking was successful.  Your reference number is M15ZT8QM.
Thank you. That's all I need. 
You are welcome. Good bye.
***
I want to make a booking at the alexander bed and breakfast.
Ok.  How many nights would you like to book?
4 nights please. 
What are the dates you are staying? 
I will be staying four nights starting on Friday. 
How many people will be staying?
4 people will be staying for 4 nights starting from Friday.
Ok.  Your booking was successful and the reference number is TD8TU8IO.
Thanks very much !
You are welcome! Have a good day!
***
I am looking for a hotel called Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
There is an Aylesbray Lodge Guest House located at 5 Mowbray Road. Would you like me to provide you with any more information or help you book the hotel?
Great I am going to need that hotel for 7 people and two nights starting sunday
I'm sorry, I can't book at Aylesbray Lodge for 2 days. Would you like a shorter stay?
Yes, 1 night is fine.
Great, you're all set. Your reference number is WK3E72PX
Thank you. Good-bye.
thank you very much bye
***
I need a cheap hotel.
I found ten results! What area of town would you like?
Hmm, I'm not sure. I am looking for a guesthouse type, though, and it doesn't need to have free parking.
I have 9 that matches your needs. Shall I recommend a nice one?
I would prefer one in the cheap range, a moderately priced one is fine if a cheap one isn't there.
The alexander bed and breakfast is a good option.
Does The Alexander have internet? 
Yes, it does have internet! Would you like me to book that for you?
Not yet, can I get the phone number?
Their number is 01223525725.
That's all. Thanks!
Thank you, good day to you.
***
Can you help me find a room for when I visit next week?
I would be more than happy to. Are you looking for a hotel in a particular part of town? 
North please. I would also like it to include free parking.
There are several to choose from.  Would you like a hotel or a guestroom?
I'd like a hotel with free wifi in the moderate price range please.
There aren't any hotels that have both Internet and parking. Would a guesthouse suit your needs?
Yes, a guesthouse would be fine. 
How about the acorn guest house? It has free internet and parking, four stars and is in the moderate price range? Shall I book that for you?
No, can you just give me the address? 
Sure, the address is 154 Chesterton Road and the postcode is cb41da.
Great, thanks.  That is all I need.  Bye.
Thank you for using our service & have a good day! 
***
Hi I am looking for a place to stay in the expensive price range. 
I have 5 options for you. In what area would you like to stay?
I am not particular about the area. It is all right if the hotel doesn't have free parking.
How about the University Arms Hotel? It is a 4 star hotel in the centre of town with free wifi and free parking. 
I actually don't want free parking. Is there a hotel that doesn't have free parking? 
express by holiday inn cambridge is a nice place and will suit your needs.Do you want me to book it for you ?
***
Hi I am looking for some info on the Worth House hotel.
The worth house hotel is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the north. It provides parking and internet. The address is 152 chesterton road postcode cb41da. The phone number is 01223316074.
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Can I make a reservation for you?
I'm not ready to book but I appreciate your help. Thanks!
You're welcome! Don't hesitate to call if you'd like to make a reservation later.
***
Could you find a moderate priced place to stay for me?  I do need free WiFi.
Absolutely. We have many guesthouses and hotels with free Wifi. Any other preferences?
I'd prefer something with 2 stars, and I need free parking as well. 
The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are both 2 star hotels that offer free parking and free wifi.
Great can I get a reservation at The Ashley hotel for 4 people for 2 nights starting tuesday?
Your room for 4 guests has been booked at the Ashley Hotel for 2 nights starting on Tuesday. Your reference number is 6HZB65QH. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all for me. Thanks! Goodbye!
Thank you. Enjoy your stay, goodbye
***
I need a hotel on the west side.
There are 4 places in the west area. Two are listed as guesthouses and two are hotels. Would you like more information?
Can you tell which ones have 4 stars and would be moderately priced? 
I'm sorry, but there are no hotels in the west part of town that have 4 stars and are moderately priced. Can I look for something different for you?
Yes, how about moderately priced places to stay with 4 stars in the North? I also need free parking.
There are six moderately priced 4 star places in the north which offer free parking. The Acorn Guest House is a popular choice.
That sounds fine.  Do they have internet access?
Yes, they do. Would you like to book a reservation?
Not right now. In fact, that's all the info I needed. Thanks for your help!
Sure, I'm happy to help.
***
Would you be able to help me find a room that has free wifi?
I certainly can. Do you have additional preferences?
I'm looking for a guesthouse, and I misspoke earlier. I actually don't care about the internet, but I do need free parking.
I have 21 guest houses, can you tell me what area you would like to be in?
The area doesn't matter. 
Ok. The acorn guest house is in the north part of town in the moderate price range. Would that work?
Yes. I would like to book that for 4 people for 4 nights staring on Wednesday.
Sorry, it was unavailable at that time. Perhaps you might want another day or a shorter stay?
Can you get it for 2 nights?
The reservation for 2 nights was successful. Your reference number is UKSVUD20. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all, thank you .
You're welcome! Enjoy your stay! Goodbye.
***
I am looking for lodging in the moderate price range with free parking.
I have located 33 moderate priced places with free parking, do you have any other preferences so I can narrow things down for you?
Which ones have free parking and Wifi?
14 of them do. Would you like me to book you a room at the Bridge Guest House, or any of the others?
Yes. Book whatever is available. 
How many people are in your party?
There will be 7 people.
May I have your date of arrival and how many nights you would like to stay please?
We are arriving on Tuesday and want to stay 2 nights.
The Bridge Guest House book was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try the Acorn Guest House?
Yes. I have heard great things about that guest house.
Your booking is complete. Your reference number is 33ZFXQ8P. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you!
Thank you for using our service today.
***
Do you have information on the alpha-milton guest house?
The Alpha-Milton Guest House is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse on the north end. The address is 63 milton road, postcode cb41xa. Their phone number is 01223311625.
Thank you very much for your help, goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
***
I'd like to find a 4 star lodging with free parking.
I have 19 hotels or guest houses throughout the city that meet your needs.  Can you tell me if you want a hotel or a guest house? 
That does not matter but I need it to have free wifi and in the expensive price range.
I have 2 hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like me to book one for you?
Sure. Can you book it for 4 people? We will be staying there for 5 nights starting from Thursday.
I booked the university Arms Hotel for 4 people starting Thursday staying for 5 nights.  Your reservation number is XQE5GLOD.  Anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Thank you for your help.
Have a good day.
Thanks again for your help.
Goodbye and enjoy your stay!
***
Yes, I am looking for a hotel please. I would need free wifi and free parking.
There are 29 hotels with free wifi and parking, do you have a preference on location or price range.
I don't have a preference but I would like it to be 4 stars?
We have to narrow it down. There are 19 hotels. What price range are you looking for?
Any price range is fine. I just need a reservation for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Saturday.
I was able to book at the alexander bed and breakfast. Your reference number is JLDXHEK8. Is there anything else?
No that is all I needed today. Thank you.
You're welcome! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
***
I am looking for a guesthouse type room that includes free wifi.
I have many guesthouse to choose from. Is there a specific area of town you are looking to stay in?
I don't care about that. I would like it to have a 4-star rating.
The Acorn Guest House fits your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Do they have free parking?
Yes, the Acorn guest house offers free parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No thanks just needed a recommendation on a place to stay.
Is there anything else we can help you with?
Just the postcode for the Acorn, please.
The postal code is cb41da.
Great.  Thanks for all your help.
I hope you have a wonderful day. Goodbye!
***
I am looking for a place to stay in the south part of town.
I have one hotel and 3 guesthouses in the south. What price range are you interested in?
It would be great if it was an expensive hotel with a 3 star rating.
The lensfield hotel meets all those criteria.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please, We need it for 2 nights starting on Tuesday for 3 people.
I'm sorry, booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes that's fine, can you please stay in the same price range though?
There is nothing in the same price range in the south. Would you like to try another area?
I don't care about the area anymore... Could you please book an expensive 3 star hotel?
I was able to book you at the Gonville Hotel. Your reference number is LW5YDJUB. Can I help you with anything else?
Great. Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
***
Hi, I need a place to stay. Something expensive on the north side. 
I'm sorry, but there is not a single expensive hotel or guesthouse on the north side of town. Would you like a different area or perhaps a different price range?
How about any part of town with free parking and free wifi?
I have 5 different options for you. My recommendation would be the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. Its in the west side and is expensive with a 4-star rating. Would that work? 
Is there something in the cheap price range?
There are 2 cheap guesthouses if you still want to stay on the north side of town, they both have internet and parking. Would either of these work?
Yes please. I'll need the phone number and hotel type please.
All right, the Worth House is a guesthouse that should meet your needs. The phone number is 01223316074. What other informatoin do you need?
That's all I need. Thank you.
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your stay in our city!
***
I am looking for a moderate priced place to stay.
Yes, let me help you with that. In what area of town would you like to stay?
I would like a place in the centre with free parking.
I do not have anything like that, perhaps another criteria for you?
Sure, let's try the north instead please
There are several options in the north, would you like me to recommend one?
Yes and book it for 3 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
Okay I have booked The Acorn Guest House for Wednesday for 3 people and for 3 days. Your reference number is F821XS1G. Is there anything else I can help with?
You've been great, that is all I needed. Thank you, goodbye! 
I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
***
I am looking for a hotel called finches bed and breakfast. 
Finches Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse on the west side of town and falls in the cheap price range. Are you interested in booking a room there?
Yes I am, I need a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.
Unfortunately, I was unable to make the reservation. Would you like to try for another arrival date or a shorter stay?
Is there anything open for just 1 night?
Sure.  Your reference number is ZELLMALY.
Great, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!
We're always happy to help, and I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
***
I need to find a 4 star hotel that has moderate price.
There are 11 possible choices. Do you have any additional preferences?
Yes I would like it to be on the North part of town.
There are quite a few guesthouses in that area.  Would a guesthouse meet your needs?
Yes a guesthouse would be fine. Does it have internet? And what is it's postcode?
Yes, the Acorn Guest House has internet.
Great, that's perfect. Thanks for your help!
And the postcode is cb41da if you still need that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all for now. Thank you. 
Have a great day!
***
Hi, can you help me find a place to stay on the north side? 
I have 13 hotels on the north side of town, do you have any preferences for price range, internet or parking?  
Yes, are there any expensive ones? I also would like free parking as well.
Unfortunately I can't find any expensive hotels with free parking. 
How about something in the moderate range?
I found the acorn guest house. Can I book this for you?
That sounds great! Can you see if you can get me a room starting Friday? We'll be staying 4 nights, and there will be 2 of us.
OK, you're all set for 4 nights at the Acorn, reference #9PD946FD. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. I appreciate your help!
Have a great day!
***
I am looking for a 3 star hotel that has free wifi
I have two hotels in that category. Both are expensive and have 3 stars each. Both offer free wifi and parking. Do you prefer the south or centre of town?
Either one is fine. How about the South?
The Lensfield Hotel would be the place then. It's expensive, 3-star rated with free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you? 
No thanks, just getting information. That's all I need. 
Okay.  Let us know if you need help booking!
Actually my wife says it's better to book it. Can you reserve it for 4 people for 4 nights starting from monday?
The hotel is booked and the reference number is H3MWAYDX. Your wife can sleep calm now.
fantastic! have a good day I will let you know!
enjoy your stay, bye!
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the moderate price range
I have three hotels. Two in the north and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
No, but should come with free parking.
How does the Lovell Lodge sound? It has internet and free parking and is moderately priced.
Sure. please book for 1 person for 4 nights starting on friday.
I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book starting another day? Or perhaps a shorter stay? 
Can we try for it for wednesday instead?
yes, that booking was successful for Wednesday. The reference number is J4Q4W07K. Anything else you need?
That's all, thanks.
I'm glad I could be of assistance. Good day.
Thanks again! Good day to you!
I hope you have a nice day as well. Please contact us if you need any other bookings.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free parking
You can try alexander bed and breakfast
Is it in the east?
No. Allenbell, autumn house and leverton house are guesthouses in the east in the cheap price range. All have 4 stars.
 book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from friday. 
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : ZC6VCAWB.

Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
You're welcome. Good bye.
***
I am looking for a hotel in the expensive price range.
There are 5 expensive hotels available. Did you have a preference as to area of the hotel?
No, it doesn't matter.  I would like a 4 star hotel with free parking though.
There are two, one in the west and one the centre of town.
Could you reserve the one in the centre of town for 3 nights starting Monday?  There will be 3 of us.
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to book you for the day and time you wanted. Would another day or time be alright?
Okay, could you try the other one, please?
I couldn't book that one either. Would you like to change your criteria?
I would actually like to book it for 8 people, not 3.
Sure no problem. So the hotel is huntingdon marriott hotel and your reference number for the booking is 34BAQ2WK. Is there anything else I can help?
That's great. I'm all set , thank you!
You're welcome. Glad to help! bye bye!
***
I need lodgings on the north side of town.
I found 13 hotels on the north side of town 
Okay, I'm looking for a 4 star place, and it doesn't need to include internet.
Is a guesthouse okay? There are 8 to choose from that have four stars. They all have internet, though, are you interested in booking one of these?
Yes, which one would you recommend?
Personally, I hear good things about the Acorn Guest House.
What's the phone number there?
The phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can I have their hotel type and price range please?
Certainly. The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse on the north end of town. Would you like to reserve a room there?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes, Acorn guest house has wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation? 
No, thank you. That's all I need right now. Bye.
You're so welcome. Bye!
***
Hi.  Have you heard of a hotel called Warkworth House?
Yes ma'am. I have the Warkworkth House guesthouse on Warkworth Terrace, with is the east section of the city. Can I help book a reservation for you?
Can I get the price range on it?
Warkworth House falls in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, that's all the information I'll need for now. Thanks so much!
You're very welcome. Can I find you a restaurant, or help in any other way today?
No, but thank you!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!
***
I am looking for some help locating a moderately priced room. 
I found 18 hotels do you have any other requirements?
I'd like the place to be rated 4 stars, and include free WiFi.
I have about 11 options to choose from. Which area of town do you prefer? I have options in the north, south and the east. 
It doesn't matter. I would need a room for 6 people starting Saturday. For 6 nights.
Unfortunately, I was unable to find you rooms for that length of stay beginning on Saturday. Would you be able to change the day, or the number of nights?
No, I really need it starting Saturday for 5 nights and with free wifi.
Ok. I have you booked into Warkworth House starting on Saturday for 5 nights and 6 people. The reference number is IGQB0HC7. Is there anything else?
That's all, thank you.
Thank you, bye.
***
Hi I am looking to get some info on the aylesbray lodge guest house
The Aylesbury is a moderately priced 4 star hotel on the south side of town. Would you like the phone number, or a room, perhaps?
Great. Book me that for 2 nights starting from saturday for just myself.
I'm sorry there are no rooms available for that hotel for the nights you want, would you like me to try something else?
How about 1 night starting from Saturday?
That worked.  Your reference number for the reservation is VDL0A0ID.  Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thanks.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should be in the type of guesthouse
I'm sorry there are no results for an expensive guesthouse, would you like to try another type, such as hotel?
Well I'm really looking for that expensive guesthouse type. How about something in the north with free parking included?
There are no results for expensive guesthouse in the north. Would you like to try something else?
how about something in the moderate price range?
How about acorn house? I hear it's lovely.
Sure, please make a reservation for 2 people 2 nights starting on thursday.
Sorry, the hotel can't accommodate you for that time frame. want to change dates?
Can we make it 1 night then?
Booking was successful for one night. Reference number is : FJFV11JA.
Thank you for assisting me with that. I won't need anything else today.
Thank you for using our service.
***
I'm needing a 4 star guest house today.
Sure! We have 18 4 star guesthouses, would you like a specific part of town or price range?
Do you know if any of them offer free wifi?
I have 5 optionsd available,all have WiFi
***
I'm interested in rooms for the night where you can get free wifi.
There are 32 hotels or guesthouses with free wifi. What price range are you looking for?
I'm looking for something in a moderate price range, but it must have at least a 4 star rating.
What part of town are you interested in? East, north or south?
I don't have a preference for the area. 
How about a and b guest house?
that will be nice. get me the reference numbers
When would you like to book this for?
Please book for Sunday for 3 nights and 6 people.
Sorry, the hotel can't accommodate you for that time frame? Want to try a different date?
No, I need it for those days. Can you try different hotel?
I can try for the Acorn Guest House, if you'd like. They're on Chesterton Road.
Sounds good. Can you try and book that one please.
Sorry, the Acorn Guest house is not able to accomodate you either. I checked with the other moderately priced 4 star lodgings with free wifi, and none have those dates available. Will any other stay work for you?
Can we try for just 2 nights then?
I've booked that for you. The reference number is 3CRY3DDP. May I help with anything else?
nope, that's all I need thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking for info about 4-star accommodations, somewhere where they don't nickel-and-dime you for services like wifi.
There are 21 guesthouses and hotels in the area that are 4 stars and have free wifi. Do you have a preference for price range or location?
I would like one located in the east with a moderate price range.
There are 3 that fit your needs.  Do you need parking?
no, I don't care about that. Surprise me!
How about carolina bed and breakfast?
thats still fine. book for 1 night
I'll need to know when you will be arriving, how many nights your stay will be and for how many people.
It'll be for 5 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday please
It appears that carolina bed and breakfast is not available for 5 nights and 5 people on Wednesday. Would you like a different day or shorter stay?
Can you see if they are available for one night? I will need the reference number if available.
I was able to make a reservation for Wednesday night for 5 people. The reservation number is 4KJWHSTI. Can I help with anything else?
No, I think that's everything I need. Thank you for helping me.
You are welcome. Please let us know if we can help in the future.
***
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free parking please.
Acorn guest house is available if that would work for you?
what is the star rating? i'm actually looking for 4 star rating in the east part of town.
Then the Carolina Bed and Breakfast or Warkworth House might be more to your liking, they're both 4-star guesthouses. Would one of those suit you?
I would like to be booked into the Warkworth House starting Tuesday.
Okay. How many people will be staying? 
Seven, and three Nights from Tuesday on. 
I'm sorry, but there aren't enough rooms available at the Warkworth House. Should I try another hotel?
Yes, any in the same pricerange. 
I got you a room at carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is IBNBRCMH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much, that was all I needed today.
Enjoy your stay
***
I need a hotel with a zero star rating and I dont need free parking
Cityroomz is a 0 star hotel with no parking, would you like me to check on available dates for you?
i hope its in the centre
It is indeed in the centre.
I need to book it for one person for 5 nights starting Friday.
Booking was not successful. Perhaps another day or shorter stay?
advice me please of a better duration
five nights starting monday would do better
I'm sorry, did I say Friday? I meant I want a booking for 5 nights starting on THURSDAY.
Sorry, it was not successful. Can I check another hotel or shorten the stay?
Then I can I get one on Saturday for 5 nights?
I was able to book that for you, your reference number is DFHZ0ZL8.
Great, thank you for the help.
Thank you for using our services. Can I assist you with anything else?
That is all. Thank you. Goodbye
You're so welcome. Goodbye.
***
Hi. I will be attending a conference in the eastern part of town and wondered if you could help me find an available room. 
There are several guesthouses and 1 hotel in the east part of town. What price range are you looking for?
I prefer a guesthouse. Do you have any expensive ones? 
I do not have anything in the east that matches your request.  Would you like to change the area or the type of accomodations?
How about a hotel in the cheap price range?
I have 3 guesthouses that match your criteria. everton house, autumn house, and allenbell. Does any of these interest you?
Which one would you recommend?
Everyone seems to enjoy the Allenbell.
That sounds alright. Do they have free parking?
Yes, they do. Would you like to book a room?
I don't need a room right now, but does the Allenbell have free wifi? And what's their postcode?
Yes, they have free Wifi. Their postcode is cb13js.
Thanks so much for your help.
You are welcome. Give us a call if you need anything.
***
Hi there. I was wondering if you might be able to help me locate a guesthouse to stay at in town. 
I found 24 guesthouses do you have a location you prefer or any other requirements?
I am just looking for one with free parking
All right, the Allenbell is a cheap guesthouse on the east side that might suit your needs. 
That sounds good. Please book it for 1 person and 3 nights starting on Friday.
I have reserved you a room at the allenbell guesthouse for 1 on Friday, for 3 nights, reference number O35QES09.
That's all I need, thank you.
Enjoy your stay! Goodbye! 
***
I'm looking for an expensive hotel with free wifi.
I have about 5 different ones all spread out over town. Do you have a certain preference on the area to stay in?
Not really on the area. But I would like an expensive guesthouse. 
I'm afraid we don't have any guesthouses in that price range, can I offer you something else instead?
Ok, well I guess a cheap one would work just as well. I need a place to stay. I would just still need free wifi. 
We have 9 guesthouse that are cheap with free wifi. Do you have any other specific needs?
No I don't think so. Which one sounds the best?
I think you'd enjoy the El Shaddai. Would you like to make a reservation?
Wait...is that a restaurant?  I want a guesthouse.  I'm so confused.
The El Shaddai is, indeed a cheaply priced guesthouse with free Wi-fi, according to our database. Perhaps they do both. May I make a reservation for you?
Oh, ok.  Sure, go ahead and book 4 nights from Tuesday.  There will be three of us.
Sorry, it is booked up then. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
No. I need it for 4 nights. I try another time. Thanks.
Please let me know any other way I can help.
Could you look again for a place in the cheap range. Area does not matter. 
I apologize, there are not any cheap guesthouses available for your dates. Would you like to try a hotel or a shorter stay?
You don't have a cheap guesthouse (any area) with free wifi, for tuesday, 4 nights, 3 people? Could you please check again?
I have booked you for alexander bed and breakfast. Reference number: H02PSC79. Is there anything else you need?

No, that's everything I needed today, thank you.
OK, have a nice day.  Bye.
***
I need to find a hotel in the north part of town. 
We have quite a selection of lodgings in the north. Do you have a price range preference, or additional needs, to narrow down our search?
Yes, I am looking for a 4 star hotel.
We have 8 guesthouses with a 4 star rating. 7 of the them are moderately priced and one is in the cheap range. Do you have a preference?
No.  Pick whatever is available. 
acorn guest house is a nice place.Would you like the address ?
***
I need to find the lensfield hotel.
The Lensfield Hotel is located on the south end. The address is 53-57 lensfield road, postcode	cb21en. Can I get you any more information?
Book it for 7 people, 3 nights, starting sunday. Give me the reference number.
The Lensfield has been booked according to your specifications. Your reference number is: OSP4TRB9. Is there anything else we can help you with? 
No, that's everything. Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day!
You're welcome, you have a great day as well. 
***
I am looking for a hotel near the mall. The hotel should has free indoor parking, even it doesn't include internet.
Ok. There are several hotels with parking available. What specific area of town are you wanting?
I want to be in the area with the mall. Which hotel is the closest to the mall?
That would be in the centre of town. I have two options for you. Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Would you like more info on one of those? 
Do either of those hotels have free wifi?
Both the Gonville and the University Arms have free wifi and free parking. Would you like to make a reservation at one of those?
I will try booking at the Gonville for 3 people and 4 nights starting from Sunday.
Sure, you're all set. Your reference number is H8OMGIP5. May I help with anything else?
No, I think that covers it, thank you very much.
You are welcome. Have a good day.
***
I need a place to stay please. A hotel would be great.
There are 9 hotels available. Is there a certain area of the city you would like to stay in?
No, but I'm looking for a place with a 5 start rating and it should also have free parking. 
My records do not show any 5 star hotels with free parking, however the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is a 4 star hotel with free parking. Would that be okay?
The huntingdon marriott would be perfect.
Perfect! Can you tell me how many nights, people and what day you'll be arriving?
Please book for 6 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
I could not get a room for you there. I was able to get one at gonville hotel. Your reference number is A4IJ54Q. Is there anything else?
Okay thank you for all your help.
Enjoy your stay
***
 I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the cheap price range
I have The Cambridge Belfry, located in the west, cheap and has wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, just need to make sure it includes free parking.
It does include free parking.
Okay, I need to book it for 1 person, 2 nights starting Friday.
Booking was not successful. Perhaps another day or shorter stay?
how about for 1 night?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : RHWJ0F1Y.
Thanks for your help have a great day.
Thank you, I hope you have a great day, too. If there's anything else you'd like help with just let me know.
***
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking.
We have 8 hotels offer free parking. Did you have a price range in mind? Or an area of town you want to stay in?
Area doesn't matter, but I would like to keep the price moderate.
Both the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge offer free parking and are moderately priced. They are also both on the north end of town. Do either of these sound good?
Do either of them have a 4 star rating?
I'm sorry, but they are both 2 star hotels. Would you like to change your preferences?
I would like a four star hotel in the moderate price range. I do need free parking. 
We have a number of 4 star guesthouses with free parking, but no hotels.
I think that should be fine. Can I book one for Wednesday for 4 nights? There will be 4 of us. 
There are 9 locations to choose from that meet your criteria. They're in various parts of the city. Would you prefer to stay in the north, south, or east?
It doesn't matter to me.
I have booked you at kirkwood house. Reference number: A40VC3L5. Anything else you need?
No that will be all, Thanks!
You are welcome.  Have a nice stay.  Bye.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should be in the north
I have two two star hotels in the north that are both moderately priced.  Do you have any other requirements such internet or parking?
No, I don't need parking. Can you just recommend a place to stay?
I would recommend ashley hotel. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please book the ashley hotel for me, thank you.
When do you want your reservation to be and for how many people?
Starting Monday and its for 2 people. I also need a reference number
How many nights?
I would like to stay for 3 nights.
OK, you're booked at the Ashley Hotel starting Monday, your reference number is IGAT23Z5. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.
Have a great stay.
***
I am visiting and need a hotel in the north
ow about Ashbury Lodge Guesthouse it is moderately priced and located at 82 Arbury Road CB4 2JE (Phone: 01223364319)
Does this guesthouse include free wifi?
It has internet access 
then thats good for me
Is there anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks, good bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye!
***
I am looking for a five star hotel with free wifi.
I am sorry there are no matches. Would you like to try a 3 or 4 star hotel?
I could actually do a guesthouse with a star rating of 0.
I have two, does the area matter to you?
No, area doesn't matter.
Okay I have found the El Shaddai which meets your requirements. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need it booked for 8 people for 2 nights starting Monday. 
I have you booked at the El Shaddai, the reference number is K8J1T9N4. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all for now. Thank you so much.
Glad to be of assistance. Enjoy your visit.
***
Yes, I am looking for a nice place to stay while in town. The hotel doesn't need to include internet but I'd like it to include free parking if it's available.
There are 29 places matching that, do you have any other preferences?
Yes, I would prefer the moderate price range please.
That narrows your choice to 14. Is there a type of hotel or location you prefer?
I am looking for one with a moderate price range possibly with free Wifi
The Ashley Hotel is in the north end and has a 2 star rating.  Would you be interested in staying there?
Yes,can you book me a reservation ?
Of course! When would you like to stay?
We will be there wednesday, for 4 nights. I need a reservation for 7 people.
The Ashley is unavailable. I can book you at Lovell lodge though.
Okay let's try that and please get me a reference number.
Your booking was successful and your Reference number is 6Y6KP7A2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need the address of the hotel, please.
Their address is 365 milton road. Would you like their phone number as well?
Yes, please. That would be great in case I get lost.
The phone number is 01223425478. 
That's all I need. Thank you very much for your help!
Happy I could help. Bye!
***
Can you find me a 4 star hotel with wi-fi?
Yes I have many options in different parts of town, mostly in the cheap to moderate price range do you have any preferences for where you stay?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range please.
There are 11 options located in the east, north, and south. What location would you prefer?
The area doesn't matter. I need one that can accommodate 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.
Okay I booked you at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is Z0322EQ3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need. Thanks!
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
***
I am looking for a place to stay, that is a 2 star hotel on the east side
express by holiday inn cambridge is a 2 star hotel in the east.
Is it expensive and does it have free parking?
It is expensive and it has free parking.
Okay, great! What's the address and postcode for that place?
The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park, and the postcode is cb13lh.
Can I have their phone number please?
Sure. There phone number is 01223866800. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. That's all I needed.
Thank you for using our service & have a good day!
***
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking.
We have 21 guesthouses that offer free parking. Do you want to stay in a certain part of town, or a certain price range?
Yes I would like a place in the north and in the moderate price range.
We have 7 guesthouses that meet your requests. Can I book a room for you?
I need a hotel starting Thursday for 3 nights for 2 people.
Would you like me to book the archway house? It is a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi and parking.
Yes please,if it is available for Thursday for 3 nights for 2 people
I am afraid that was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find another hotel?
Can you try another hotel in the same pricerange?
I booked for you a room in hamilton lodge which is in the same pricerange. Your reservation number is CFT39HL4. Do you need anything more?
That would be all, thanks for assistance!
Sure, pleasure all mine. Enjoy your stay!
***
Hello! I need a place to bed down for the night that offers free parking and wifi. Can you help me?
Yes, I can help. Do you have a price range and part of town in mind?
I would like a moderate priced hotel in any part of town please.
There are two hotels in the north area with moderate prices.  Ashley hotel and Lovell Lodge.  Both are two stars, would you me to book you for either one?
Yes, please book the Ashley Hotel.
Certainly. What day would you like to stay?
On second thought, I'm not ready to book yet. Could you give me the address and phone number of the Ashley Hotel?
They are located at 74 chesterton road. Their number is 01223350059.
Thank you for your help. If I need anything else, I will certainly call again.
We are here to help, cheers.
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
We have no hotels with that criteria, but I can search for a 3-5 star hotel if you'd like.
The hotel should include free parking and should be in the east
Ok we have two guesthouses with that criteria, the Carolina Bed and Breakfast, and the Warkworth House.
I need a reservation for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday
I was able to book you at Warkworth House, the reference number is VTZK341T. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is perfect. Thank you very much.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.
***
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi and a 0 star rating.
I have found three hotels which in the cheap and moderate price range. They are also located in the north and centre area. Which do you prefer?
One with moderate price range, please.
I have located citiroomz in the centre area, would you like me to book you?
Yes please that would be great. Can you do it for 5 people for 5 nights starting sunday
Sorry, that booking was unavailable. Would you like to try another hotel?
Can you find a hotel in the same price range?
How does lovell lodge sound?  It is in the moderate price range but it has a two star rating.
Do they have rooms available for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday?
Yes, I was able to book that for you. Address is 365 milton road. Reference number is  EWRN88MQ.  Would that work for you?
Yes that's fine. Thank you so much!
Great. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
We will. Thanks again.
Great! Let me know if you need anything else.
***
Hi I'd like to find a hotel to stay in. Somewhere with free wi-fi.
We have 9 hotels that offer free wifi. Do you have a star rating, area of town, or price range in mind?
I would like to keep it cheap if possible and something 4 star rated please. 
There's the Cambridge Belfry. Shall I make you a reservation, then?
Yes, please. It is for 2 nights starting on Tuesday for 7 people.
Perfect, I booked that for you. Reference number is 42JFPPK8. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
Can you book me a room for 2 people for 2 days starting Friday at the express by holiday Inn in cambridge.
I can certainly help you with that. The Express by Holiday Inn is a great choice. So can you confirm that was Friday for 2 people, 2 nights?
Actually, I change my mind. I can arrange the booking myself. Can you just let me know if they offer free wifi? 
Yes, they do have internet.
Thank you for all your help today.
You're welcome. Please contact us if you would like us to make the reservation instead.
***
I am looking for city centre north b and b
I have found the guesthouse you were wanting. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please book it for 1 person and for 5 nights starting Friday.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is : BE1VD9EH.
Great, thank you so much.
You are very welcome!
***
Are there any cheap hotels (not guesthouses) in town?
the cambridge belfry is a hotel located in the west and is cheap. Has 4 stars and free internet and parking.
I would like to make a reservation for this Saturday for 2 people for  4 nights please.
I have booked you and another person for this Saturday for 4 nights.
Awesome, what about reference number?
Sure, my bad! The reference number is 169N4VTV. Do you need anything else?
thas all i needed. have a great day!
glad i could help, enjoy!
***
I need a place to stay. A guesthouse would be great.
Is there a certain side of town you want to be on?
No not necessarily. I would like place moderately priced that includes free wifi and also free parking. 
I show several hotels that meet those criteria.  What day and how many people are you looking to book for?
6 people for 5 nights starting saturday please.
I have that reservation made at the Acorn guest house for 5 nights. 6 people and you guys will arrive on Saturday
May I have the reference code please?
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
Yes, please find lodging in the same moderate price range for a hotel instead of a guesthouse, if possible.
I was able to successfully book you at Ashley Hotel.  The address is  74 chesterton road.  The reference number is GINRZ444.
Thank you so much for your help.
You are welcome. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks again.
Okay. Enjoy your stay.
***
I am looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi.
There are 29 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you have an area or price range that you prefer?
Not necessarily, but I am looking for a 4-star hotel. Does that narrow it down?
There are still a fair number of selections to choose from. How about the Allenbell? It is a budget-priced guesthouse that fits your criteria. Its location is 517a Coldham Lane.
Are you sure it is four stars? If so, could I also have the postcode please?
Certainly, yes the Allenbell is a 4 star hotel and their postcode is cb13js. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
No thank you that is all!
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
Hi, can you help me find a 4 star guesthouse? 
Certainly. Alexander bed and breakfast and Rosa's bed and breakfast are two of our best kept secrets, offering 4 star quality at inexpensive prices.
Alexander's B&B sounds perfect! Can I book a room there?
What day should I start your booking, and how many days do you plan on staying? Also, how many people would be staying?
Yes, please book for 1 person staying 5 nights starting Monday. Thank you!
Unfortunately, I was not able to make a booking for that. We could try for another day or see if they have availability for a shorter stay.
How about 3 nights?
I was able to book you for three nights starting on Monday. Your reference number is Q8EDDUCC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Have a great day then!
***
I am looking for a hotel on the east side, and I would prefer a four star hotel
Does the hotel needs to have free parking?
I'd like to stay in a guesthouse if possible, what is there available?
The warkworth house is moderately priced and meets your criteria.  Would you like me to try and make a reservation?
I would like a reservation for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.
Okay, that booking was successful. You're reference number is 3AT2D81N. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you very much for your help.
Is there any thing else you need?
No, again, thank you for your help. 
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
Can you help me find guesthouses in the west of town?
Of course, I have two available one is cheap and one is moderate what do you prefer?
Do either of them have a 3 star rating?
Yes, the Hobsons House has 3 stars and meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
 book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday. 
I was able to book that reservation for you. The reference number is RL3S28T3.
That's all I need, thank you
welcome again next time
Thanks agian. Goodbye.
We were able to find accommodations for this person.
***
I am looking for a hotel that include free parking and has a 1 star rating. 
There are no hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like me to expand the search a bit?
Yes can you find guesthouses meeting that criteria?
I'm sorry, there are no hotels or guest houses matching that criteria. 
Can you locate a cottage that offers what i am looking for.
There are no cottages.
Could you please try guesthouse, with free parking and a 4 star then?
I have 16 entries matching that criteria.  What part of town and price range would you prefer?
Could find one in a moderate or cheap price range?
Sure, there are a few.  Can I book you a room at one of them?  How about The Acorn Guest House?
Yes go ahead and try that please.
How many people are you wanting to book the hotel for?
for 8 people. Starting from Sunday for 4 nights, please.
The booking for the Acorn Guest House was unsuccessful. Would you like me to look for another hotel for you?
Yes, please. In the same price range, if possible.
I have the arbury lodge guesthouse in the same area and price range,would you like me to book that one?
Yes please try to book that for me thank you.
I have successfully booked that for you. Your reference number is 6NUU0T68. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all for me. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
You're welcome, have a great day!
***
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel.
There are 6 hotels listed at 3 star. There are 2 in the north, 1 south, 1 west and 1 centre. Would you like more information?
I don't care where the hotel is located, but I'm looking for something in the moderate price range.
I have 4 options for you. Do you need free wifi and parking? I have 3 that offer these and 1 that does not. 
Yes please. Can you recommend me of them?
The hamilton lodge is nice and in the north area. Would you like a booking today?
No, thank you. Can I just get the address, please?
The hamilton lodge is located 156 chesterton road. Would you like me to help you with anything else?
That's all I need today - I appreciate your help!
Of course. Let me know if there's anything else I can help you with.
***
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in on the east side. You know of any?
There are 6 guesthouses all with 4 star ratings that fit your request. Would you like to add any other specifications?
The guesthouse should be expensive.
I do not have any guest houses in the east that are expensive.  Do you want to change areas or maybe modify the price range?
Okay, I guess I could go for something different. Do you have anything on the cheap side?
I have 3 guesthouses in the east. All are 4-star rated and all of them have free wifi and parking. They are the Allenbell, Autumn House and Leverton House. 
I actually want something in the expensive price range, sorry.
I apologize. There are not any expensive guesthouses in the east area. There is a hotel that is expensive, or we could try a different area.
I'm sorry for changing my mind again but cheap is fine. You had mentioned Autumn House. What is their address, please.
The phone number is 01223575122. Would you like me to book that for you?
First I need the address please. Also, can you tell me if they have free parking and wifi?
Yes they have internet and parking at Autumn House. They are located at 710 Newmarket Road, CB58RS. Can I help you with anything else? 
No that is it, thanks.
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
***
I am  looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking
There are a number of guesthouses in the area with free parking. Do you have a preference for price range or area that you want to stay?
The hotel should have a star of 3 and should be in the south.
How about Bridge Guest House?
Sure, please book it for 8 people for 3 nights starting on monday
Booking was not successful. Perhaps another day or shorter stay?
advice me on another booking duration
Could you choose a different check in day perhaps, or a shorter stay?
Are you sure that didn't work? 8 people and 3 nights starting from monday?
Sorry, there must have been a glitch in the system. You are booked at bridge guest house starting Monday for 3 days, 8 guests. Reference # is 7CKEPRO5
Thanks, that's all. good bye.
you are welcome. enjoy your day
***
I am looking for a hotel that can offer me both free wifi and free parking.
There are 29 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you have a preferred location in the city so we can narrow down your choices?
The location does not matter but I need a 3 star hotel.
bridge guest house is a 3 star and a nice place.Do you want the address ?
***
Hi there. I'll be coming into the centre of town to visit relatives. Can you help me find a place to stay?
I can definitely help with that. I have about 5 different hotels and guesthouses that are in the centre of town. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I'd like it to be expensive. 4 star rated.
The University Arms Hotel is in the centre of town, falls in the expensive price range, and has 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
Can you see if it's available for 4 nights from Wednesday for 5 people
It is available for four nights for five people!  I've taken the liberty of booking these rooms for you.  Is that agreeable to you?
That's wonderful. What is the reference number for that booking?
Can you also give me the address for the hotel
I haven't the faintest. But do you have a reference number for the booking you made?
8L6LVYYT is your reference number.
Thanks, that's all I need today!
Perfect. You've made an excellent choice. Enjoy!
***
Yes, I am looking for local hotels. I would prefer they be rated at least 3 stars and are on the expensive side.
Gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel are both expensive in the 3 star range.
I also need free wifi.
Yes both have free wifi. Can I check booking for either of these?
Yes.  Please book the gonville hotel for 8 people and 4 nights starting on Monday.
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another place?
Please book a different hotel in the same price range.
I have the Lensfield Hotel, but it is on the south side. Would that do?
Yes, can you book it for me?
You have been booked for 8 people for 4 days starting Monday at the Lensfield. Your confirmation number is C0YCW45C. Can I do anything else for you?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Alright, glad I could help.
***
Can you help me find a hotel with free parking?
There are 8 hotels with free parking. Do you prefer a specific area in town?
north area of town
There are two hotels in that area with free parking:  Ashley Hotel and the Lovell lodge.  Would you like to book either of those?
Actually, I'd like a guest house.
how about hamilton lodge? It sounds lovely.
Is it moderately priced? Area actually doesn't matter as long as it is a 3 star moderately priced guest house
It is moderate price, would you like more info or a booking?
Yes, and I would also like the address?
Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 chesterton road, postcode cb41da.  Would you like to make a reservation?
No that won't be necessary. Thanks for your help.
You are welcome. Do you need any more information or do you have any transportation needs?
Nope, that's it. Thanks again.
You're very welcome. Have a great time.
***
I need a 5 star luxury hotel with a jacuzzi.
I am sorry but I am not finding any hotels that fit your needs. 
What about an expensive, 4 star hotel?
I have two for you to choose from. I have the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west, and the University Arms Hotel in the centre of town. 
Does either one have free parking?
Yes, they both offer free parking, and are expensive four star hotels. Would you prefer the centre area or the west area?
I guess the centre.  Can you reserve 2 nights starting Saturday?  There are 8 of us.
Unfortunately, neither location can accommodate your request, would you like to try for a different length length of time?
Yes. Is either one available for just one night?
The marriott worked. Your reference number is NNFT47MW.
Thank you, that is all I need. Toodles.
Have a fun stay.  Bye.
***
I want to stay at a guest house, in the south. 
Yes I have two in the moderate price range and on in the cheap price range, any preference?
I will need free internet.
They all have free internet. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes. Please book 4 people for 5 nights starting thursday. 
I was able to get a room for you at aylesbray lodge. Your reference number is bb07ctao. Anything else?
No that is all. Thanks!
Have a great day!
You too thank you! Goodbye.
If you need further help, let us know. Bye, thank you. 
***
Hi! Are there any guesthouses in town that have free parking?
Yes, indeed. We have more than 20. Do you have any additional preferences?
I would like something cheap and a 4-star rated guesthouse would be better. 
How about the alexander bed and breakfast?  It's got a 4 star rating and is cheap.
Can you make me a booking for 6 of us starting on sunday for 5 nights?
Yes. I made a reservation for you at the Alexander for 6 people, 5 nights, starting Sunday. The reference number is Y7X3UYY5. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
Hi, I need a place to stay with free wifi and in a moderate price range.
I have 17 hotels in the moderate range that offer internet access. Do you have a particular part of town you wish to stay in?
I prefer the eastern part of town and something that is 4-star rated. 
I have 3 hotels listed that have of your requirements. Do you have any parking needs?
Yes I am looking for free parking.
carolina bed and breakfast has free parking and is moderately priced. Can I book a reservation for you?
No thanks, I am not quite ready to make a reservation yet. Thanks for the information.
Alright, can I get anything else?
No, that's all I need. I'm going to give the hotel a call. Thank you for your help!
Excellent. Have a good one!
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced guesthouse for the night.
For that price range, I have several guesthouses. Do you have a preference on the area of town you stay in? 
Yes, I'd really like to stay on the west end of the city. Anything available there?
How about Hobsons House? It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the west end.
Does that place have free wifi? 
Yes the place provides free wifi.
Thank you, can you book me for 7 people and two nights, beginning on Sunday?  May I also get a reference number?
Your booking was successful and reference number is Q1P81Y9Z. Can I assist you with anything else?
No thanks, that is all.
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
***
I'm looking for a place to stay on the east side with 4 stars.
The a and b guest house is a 4-star rated guesthouse in the east with a moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Does it include free wifi?
Yes it does have free internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, can you book it for 6 people? We will arrive on Friday and stay for 2 nights. 
I apologize the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you be interested in another hotel?
Can you check for a different hotel in the same pricerange?
I am sorry there are no others in that price range in any area,would you like to change the star rating to check for others?
It does not need to be a guesthouse. Can't you find anything that is east, 4 star with free wifi. That is all I require. Please, its important.
I have the carolina bed and breakfast or warkworth house.  Would you like me to try one of those?
Yes, one of those will be fine.
Your booking at carolina bed and breakfast was successful. Your reference number is PGLREGJ8.
Great! Nothing else at the moment, but thank you and goodbye.
Okay glad I could be of help.
***
I am looking for kirkwood house.
Kirkwood House is a 4-star, moderately priced guesthouse in the north area of town. Do you need more information?
Yes, what is the address, please?
The address for Kirkwood house is 172 Chesterton Road, CB41DA. Can I help you with anything else? 
no thank you.
Okay.  Just let us know if you need anything else!
***
I'm looking for a moderately-priced place to stay.
I can help. We have 18 moderately priced hotels. Do you have any additional preferences?
I prefer the south part of town if you have anything. 
I have 2 Guesthouses available for what you need.  Do you want information on one of them?
Yes, please. Do either have free wifi?
Both of the guesthouses have free wifi and free parking. I would recommend the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House due to it being 4 stars.
Great! Can you book that for me? 
Yes, tell me what day are you arriving, how long is your stay, and for how many people?
There wilI be 4 of us arriving on Saturday, and staying for 3 nights.
Wonderful. Your room has been booked for 3 nights. Your reference number is HH78SJFP. Is there anything else I can help with?
Not that is it thanks.
Thank you if you need any more help please let us know.
***
I'm in need of a place to stay for the night, I'd like it to be in the centre of town and have at least a 4 star rating.
There are two. One is cheap, one is expensive. Which do you prefer?
Either as long as it includes free parking and internet is optional.
Both alexander bed and breakfast and university arms hotel offer those amenities. Would you like more information on either of these options?
Do either of those have free wifi?
yes. both have WiFi connection
Thanks! What's the phone number?
Alexander bed and breakfast can be reached by phone at 01223525725. Do you want university arms phone also?
Sure. Please give me that one as well.
Ok. that phone number is 01223351241. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
No thank you! I will give them a call. 
Do you need any further assistance?
No thank you, I appreciate all your help! 
You're very welcome. Good day!
***
Hi! What can you tell me about 4-star guesthouses in town?
There are 18 matching your request. Do you have any preferences such as area, price, parking, or internet?
Yes, I would like a guesthouse in the south part of town and it should include wifi.
There are 2: Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is cheap, located at 	53 roseford road cb22ha and Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is moderate, located at 5 mowbray road cb17sr. Shall we book?
Yes, let's try Rosa's for 3 nights starting Friday. There will be 8 of us.
You are all set for checking in on Friday.  Your reference number is 32GMTM5V.  Can I help with anything else?
That will be all, thank you so much.
No problem.  Glad to help.
***
I'm looking for a hotel in the west, internet is optional.
Are you looking for it to be cheap or expensive?
I am looking for it to be cheap. 
I have the cambridge belfry on the west side with internet and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is that a hotel type place to stay?
Yes, it is. I'll be happy to make a reservation for you.
Alright, book that for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to find another hotel?
How about a different hotel in the same price range?
The only cheap hotel I can find is Finches Bed and Breakfast.  It is a guesthouse though.  Will that be fine?
Yes please and I need the reference number
It is done.  You're reference number is 143ZF1M5. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all.
Okay Enjoy your stay then.
***
Could I ask for your help in finding a guesthouse to put my friends up in nearby?
Of course! Cambridge boasts many wonderful guesthouses. What did you have in mind?
Some place moderately priced, with free wifi.
I have 14 options spread out all over town. Do you have a preference as to the area you want to stay? 
I don't have a preference. Which one looks best to you? 
The A and B Guest House is on the east side of town and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, that is all I needed. Have a great day!
You're welcome. Please contact us if you need more information or would like to make a reservation. Have a wonderful day!
I will be sure to do that.
Here is the number for the guesthouse if you have any further inquiries: 01223315702. Thank you!
***
I am looking got a hotel near the centre and I need to it have free wifi. 
I have 5 hotels that fit that criteria. Are you looking for a particular price range?
Expensive. A guest house, please.
I have no matches that fit that criteria, would you like me to look up something else?
How about one that is a hotel?
Yes, I have two results. Gonville hotel has 3 stars and University Arms has 4 stars, would one of those work for you?
Yes any one of them will do. I need to book for 6 people for 2 nights starting sunday please.
The gonville hotel is booked. However, the good news is you are booked into university arms hotel. The reference number is BQ60JNGD. Is there anything else?
Uh, no that's fine. Thanks for all of your help.
Your welcome have a good day!
***
Can you help me find a hotel?
I sure can, what would you like for your hotel?
I'm looking for something moderately priced with a 4 star rating. 
I have 11 hotels that would meet your criteria. Did you have a certain area that you would like to stay in?
No, but I would like to have free wifi. 
There are several that meet your criteria.  Do you need free parking?
That does not matter. Which one would you recommend? 
I recommend the a and b guest house. Do you want me to book it for you?
Actually, I would like something that has 4 stars.  Does A and B have 4 stars?
Yes, A & B guesthouse does have 4 stars. Are you ready to book a room? 
Yes, and can I get the phone number for the guesthouse, please.
The number is 01223315702.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful, thanks.  I don't need anything else at the moment.  Bye.
Have a great day!
***
I need to find a guesthouse with a 3 star rating
We have four such guesthouses. Do you have a preferred location?
No, I don't. I want one that includes free wifi.
Bridge Gue House, Hamilton Lodge, and Hobsons House are all available if you'd like one of those?
Please book the Hamilton Lodge, for 6 people.
I'd be happy to. How many nights would you like to stay? And I'll need to know the day you would like to start your stay. 
I'll be staying 2 nights starting on wednesday.  Oh, and there are 6 of us.
I'm sorry, my reservation attempt was unsuccessful. Will another day or length of stay work?
Can you try the same parameters at another hotel?
Of course, could you tell me the area you would like to stay in so I can narrow it for you?
The are does not matter, just three stars and wifi at a guesthouse please.
I've got you a reservation for 6 at Hobson's House for 2 nights. Your reference number is 4WNGILMF.
Thank you so much! That should be all I need.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
***
I want to find a hotel in the moderate price range. I don't need free parking. 
There are several hotels in that price range. Do you have a particular area of town you are interested in staying in?
Yes I need it to be in the north.
I have two hotels. One located at 63 Milton Road and 62 Gilbert Road? Which one would you like for me to book you for?
Are either of them 4 star hotels? Because that's what I need.
The Avalon guesthouse has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes could you check for a booking for 4 people and 2 nights starting from saturday?
I am sorry that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find another hotel?
How about a different hotel in the same price range?
The Alpha-milton guest house is 3 stars.  It doesn't have internet or parking.  Is that okay? I could try another area, too. 
That's fine can you try booking that for me?
That booking was successful. May I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. That's everything I need. 
Glad I could be of help.
Yes thank you.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
I dont want wifi, just somewhere with four stars. 
All of the 4 star hotels I have listed have wifi. Is that okay or would you like me to look for a hotel with a different star rating?
I guess it's OK if they have it, as long as they won't charge me for not using it. But 4-star accommodations are a must.
I have two 4-star hotels on the west side and one in city centre. Do you have a location preference?
Are there any in the South side of the city?
I have nothing in the south that matched your criteria, only west and centre. 
How about a place in any area with free wifi.
Okay I have the Cambridge Belfry which is a 4 star cheap hotel in the west part of the city. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes, please. 
For how many nights and how many people will be staying?
I need it for 7 people for 4 nights staring from Tuesday please.
I was unable to book that, would you like me to try something else?
Yes please and in the same price range.
Okay I was able to book you into the Marriott Hotel and your reference number is CQE0WWXH.
Thank you so much for your help.
Will you be needing anything else today?
Nope. You have been so helpful. Thank you!
Thank you for using our system!
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of guesthouse
There are many results for a guesthouse with free wifi, to help narrow the results what area are you looking to stay in?
I am unsure about the area, right now. I would like the accommodations to be at least 4 star and have a moderate price.
And will you need parking at the guesthouse?
No. I shouldn't need parking. 
How do you feel about the A and B Guest House? It covers all your needs and is in the eastern area. Would you like a phone number or address?
If it is 4 stars in the moderate price range that sounds fine. I need it for 3 nights for 3 people starting Sunday.
I'm sorry that many nights is not available. Could you try a shorter stay or another day perhaps?
Okay,  how about on Monday?
Great, I've got you booked on Monday for three nights. The reference number is 8BPFXM28. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all, thanks.
Let us know if we can be of further assistance.  Enjoy your stay!
***
I am visiting in the northern area of town. I need to find me a place to stay for the night. Can you help?
There are 11 guesthouses and 2 hotels in the north. Do you have a preference as to type or other requirements?
I'd like it to have free parking and free wifi.
The arbury lodge guesthouse is the north area with free parking and wifi. Would you care to book a room here?
Is the Arbury Lodge moderately priced? If so, I would like to book a room for 1 person for 3 nights on Saturday. 
The Arbury Lodge is unavailable for 3 nights on Saturday. Can you select another day or for fewer days?
Alright, can you try for just one night?
I was able to book you a room for 1 night at the guesthouse. The reference number is NEZYKV5E. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should do it. Thanks so much for your help!
Have a great day!
***
I am looking for an upscale hotel.
Gonville hotel is in the expensive price range.
I need the hotel to be in the west part of the city and have free parking please.
The Huntington Marriott Hotel is the only expensive hotel in the west.
If it has free parking, I would like to book it for wednesday please.
How many days and how many people?
Can I get it for three nights. There will be two of us. 
I cannot reserve a room at that time, perhaps another hotel?
Yes something else in the same price range please.
There is only 1 hotel in the area of west that is expensive. Would you like me search a different area?
Any area is fine, just in the same price range is what matters to me.
Okay. I booked you into the Gonville Hotel in the city center and your reference number is TSJA02XZ.
Thank you so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you. That was all I needed.
Thank you using the Cambridge TownInfo service, and enjoy your stay in our city!
***
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi. Can you help me find something moderately priced?
We have plenty of moderately priced options with free WiFi. Do you have any additional preferences? 
Are there any with a 5 star rating? 
Unfortunately, none of them have a 5 star rating. 
Are there any with a 4 star rating?
Oh yes, several.  Are there any addition preferences on those?
Nope, any 4-star moderate place with wifi will be fine. Could you book a room starting Saturday for 3 nights, 5 people?
You are booked at the acorn guest house. Reference number is ROCCFCM6.
Thank you so much, that is all I need.
Great, enjoy your stay.  Bye.
***
Hi, I'm looking for a 4-star hotel with free wifi.
Sure thing. I have two options for you, and they are both guesthouses. One in the east, and one in the north. Do you have a preference? 
Are either of those two cheap? 
No I am sorry, they are both in the moderate price range.  Would you like to book one of them?
Any one will do as long as it has a 4-star rating with free wifi and is cheap. 
There are no 4-star places that are cheap and have free wifi. Perhaps something not as fancy, or in a higher price range? 
I'm not sure.  I really needed those specifications.
I apologize, we have several options. The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap four star guesthouse, in the north area, with wifi. Would you care to reserve a room?
Yes, let's book it for 3 nights from Wednesday. There will be 5 of us.
Okay, I've made your reservation. The reference number is 525A3U0N. What else can I help you with today?
You've taken care of everything. Thank you.
Thank you have a good day.
***
I'm looking somewhere to stay with free wifi and free parking
Archway house is a good choice!
Does Archway House have two stars? I require that rating.
No, I think Ashley hotel might be more in your range. 
Is it in the east?  I need a hotel in the east.
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the eastern part of town. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. For 1 person for 3 nights starting on Monday.
OK, I have you booked at Holiday Inn Cambridge. Your reference number is 0CB7CVT7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
So is the name of the hotel Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge or just Holiday Inn Cambridge? Want to make sure I go to the right one!
The full name of your hotel is express by holiday inn Cambridge. Do you need further assistance?
No, you have been very helpful, thank you so much! Bye now.
Thank you for using our services. 
***
I need a place to stay that has free wifi.
What type of lodging would you prefer? And do you care about price or area?
I would like to stay in a guesthouse. 
What area would you like to stay in?
I don't have a preference.
Do you have a preference on price range?
I would like someplace expensive.
I'm not finding anything meeting that criteria. Would you like to try a moderately priced guesthouse?
What about an expensive hotel?
The gonville hotel is expensive with free wifi. Shall I book it for you?
What is their postcode?
The postcode for Gonville Hotel is cb11ly. What else can I help you with today?
That will be all, thank you.
You're very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
***
I need a hotel, in the south. 
I have one hotel that is expensive and in the south. May I book it for you?
Does this hotel include free parking?
Yes, all of the hotels that satisfy your constraints have free parking slots.
Ok, so pick one of them and book me there a room for 7 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday please.
I'm sorry, there was misunderstanding. There is only one hotel and it's unfortunately full. However, I can try to book you a room in guesthouse?
That's a pity. Ok, but I want it to be expensive alright?
I'm sorry to inform you but there are only guesthouses only in moderate and cheap price range. 
Unlucky day for me. Alright, let's go with moderate one.
I'm happy to inform you that you have a booked apartment at aylesbray lodge. Your reference number is SUJVD6R6.
Finally some good news. Great, thanks for help, bye!
I'm there to help you. Enjoy your stay!
***
I'd like to find some information about the Allenbell hotel.
Absolutely! The Allenbell is a guesthouse in the east. It has 4 stars and is relatively cheap. They offer their guests free wifi and parking. Would you like any other info?
Perfect! Can you book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from monday?
Your booking is successful! Your reference number is VLS0WVD3.
Great! That works out perfect. That's all for today. Thanks a lot. Bye!
You're very welcome. Goodbye.
***
I want some information on the university arms hotel please
The university arms hotel is an expensive hotel in the centre with internet and parking. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes. I need rooms for 5 people for 5 nights, starting wednesday. 
Unfortunately, the hotel is unavailable at that time. Would you like me to find another hotel?
Are there any listings for a moderately priced hotel in that area?
a and b guest house is moderately priceed.Would you like me to book you ?
***
Can you help me find a guesthouse that offers free wifi?
I sure can.  There are 23 guesthouse with free wifi.  Would you prefer a certain part of town?
I'd love something in the east, hopefully with free parking.
Okay, there are 5 options. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like to stay in a hotel, not a guesthouse. 
Sounds like you are looking for express by holiday inn cambridge.  Can I reserve a room for you?
Yes please book that for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Tuesday. I will also need the reference number.
The booking was successful and reference number is ZDG5KJ7S. Is there anything else I can assist with?
No that is all for now. Thank you!
You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
***
Could you help me find a 3 star guesthouse?
The Bridge Guest House is 3 stars and located in the south. Would you like me to book it?
It should be in the north, not south.
I am sorry about that,I have 2 in the north alpha-milton guest house,and hamilton lodge. Would you like a booking at either of them?
Either one.  Could you make a booking for 5 people starting Wednesday for 4 nights
Ok I have made you a booking at the Alpha-milton guest house for 4 nights starting Wednesday for 5 people.
Great.  Can you give me a reference number please?
Sorry, the system must have glitched. I wasn't able to get you that booking, but I got you a room at Hamilton Lodge. Your Reference number is: 24FROWCO.
Okay great. That is all I need need thank you.
Have a great day!
***
Hi, I'm looking for a 4 star hotel on the west side. 
I was able to find three results for what you are looking for, may I recommended finches bed and breakfast?
Great do they have free wifi?
They have free wifi and free parking! They're a guesthouse, not a hotel, though - is that OK?
Yes, sounds good. I'd like to book for 6 people for 5 nights from Thursday.
I'm afraid that wont work. Can we try a different day or length of time?
Would you be able to get it for 1 night and also get me a reference number
Yes I was able to book a room there for one night. Reference number is PL0P458J.
Great! Thanks for your help with booking that.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Thank you for contacting, Cambridge TownInfo centre.
***
I am looking for 0 star lodging with free parking included
We have two places. Would you like to stay in the north or the centre area?
I'm not picky about the area of town I stay, but I would like it to be a guesthouse.
Okay, there is one located in the north and one in the centre. 
Can you please recommend one and book it for 5 nights?
What dates are you interested in staying?
Starting from Wednesday, looking to stay for 5 nights. Is that available? 
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : PQWL74M2
That would be it thank you very much.
Thank you, have a good day!
***
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the east with free wifi.
Are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse?
I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse?  Do you have any on the east side with free wifi?
I found 7 hotels that are in the cheap, moderate, and expensive range. What would you prefer?
It doesn't matter. Let's go with moderate.
There are 3 entries that meet your requirements. 
Perfect! Can you make a reservation for me for 3 people, 5 nights starting Tuesday?
You are booked into the carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is WXN8W3MZ. May I help you with anything else?
Address please and thats all.
They are located at 138 perne road.
Thank you.  That's all I need. 
Okay great. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
***
Could you help me find Cityroomz, please?
I sure can. CityRoomz is located in the centre of town. They offer free wifi. They are at Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road. Their phone number is 01223304050. 
Can you book a room for me there? We'll be arriving on Saturday and need to stay 4 nights. There will be 7 of us staying.
I was able to book Cityroomz for you on Saturday for 4 night, 7 people. Your reference number is 5B7M73DK. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, that'll be all, thanks. Bye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
***
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse in the south part of town. Do you have anything in that category?
Yes, I have found 3 to choose from.  Would you prefer a moderate price or something cheap?
Moderate, please, and make sure they have free parking.
How about the Bridge Guesthouse that is in the moderate price range?
Do they have free parking? And do you know if they have a star rating? 
Yes, they have free parking and it has a 3 star rating. Would you care to book a room at bridge guest house?
Not right now. I'd just like their phone number, please.
That number is 01223247942.
Great. Thanks for all your help. Bye!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
***
Can you recommend a place to stay that has free WiFi?  I need something in the moderate price range.
I have got quite a few that should suit your needs. Is there a preference on what area of town you stay? That might help narrow down the options. 
In the centre, please. Also, free parking.
Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that meets all of your requirements. Would you mind if I searched another area of town? 
Can you see if there's anything in the east?
The Carolina Bed and Breakfast and the Warkworth House. They both have free wifi and parking and they both fall in the moderate price range. Do either of these sound good?
Great.  Can you give me the phone number and address for The Warkworth House?  Also, is it a guest room?
yes, it is a guesthouse and their phone number is 122 336 3682.
Can I have the address of the hotel? 
The address is warkworth terrace.
Thank you very much! 
You're welcome. What else can I do for you? 
Nothing thank you, that's all I need. Have a nice day! 
Excellent! I hope the hotel is a pleasure. 
***
I need a guesthouse with a moderate price.
Do you have a preferred area of the city you'd like to stay in?
No, I don't have a preference. I'd like the guesthouse to have free parking though!
I found acorn guest house. It is moderately priced and has four stars! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please create a booking for 6 people. It needs to be for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.
Of course! You're all set, with reference number WZRKRXGZ. May I help with anything else?
No, that'll be all!  Thank you for your help!
Okay.  Glad we could help!
***
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi.
There are 32 matching that. Do you have a price range or an area preference?
Yes, I'd like to stay on the north end of the city if possible. No too expensive, please. Something that's moderately priced would be best.
How many days will you be staying?
I'm not sure yet. If you have a moderately priced hotel in the north with wifi, I need the name and phone number.
I have found matching two hotels in that area. Ashley Hotel has two stars, and Lovell Lodge also has two stars. Would you like me to book one? 
No thanks. I just need the postcode and phone number of Lovell Lodge please.
The postcode is cb41sr and phone number is 01223425478. May I help you with anything else?
That will be all. Thanks.
Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
***
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.
i have found 21 hotels that match your criteria. what part of town did you have in mind?
Area does not matter. 
I'd suggest the A and B Guest House in the east. It's moderately priced and meets your criteria. Would that work for you?
Sounds great. Can I get it for 7 people? 4 nights starting Saturday 
That one is not open then, shall I try another?
No,I will check husband and call back.
Okay. Let us know.
Can we try a different one in the same price range?
How about Warkworth House? It's also in the east, at warkworth terrace.
Okay let's try booking that and get me a reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : MZIURVDV.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
Can you help me find a place to stay? It should be cheap.
There are 10 cheap places to stay. Do you have any other preferences or would you like my recommendation?
I would like a recommendation for a cozy Bed and Breakfast. 
May I please have the specific area and price range? So that I may narrow down the search.
A cheap one. I don't have a lot of money. One with free wifi for 8 and 5 nights starting friday please.
I have no cheap bed and breakfast places, shall I try another type or price?
Try another type.
I have 9 guesthouses in the cheap price range with wifi.  What part of town would you prefer?
I would like to stay on the east side.
The Allenbell seems nice. It has four starts. Does that work?
That will be fine. Can you book the Allenbell for my stay?
I have booked the Allenbell for your upcoming stay. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'll need that reference number, please.
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another guesthouse in the same price range?
Wow, I'm certainly glad I asked for the reference number! Yes, please do try another in the same price range.
I'm sorry for the this. I successfully booked for you accomodation at autumn house. Your reservation number is 9ZA0N2FW.
Awesome, thank you for your assistance. Bye!
I'm glad I could help. Have a great day!
***
Can you find me a guesthouse that includes wi-fi?
I have 23 guesthouses with wifi. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
Not a particular area, but I would like free parking. 
There are 21 guesthouses offering both wifi and parking. Are you looking for a specific price range or star rating?
No, I'm not particular about the price or rating. I do need it available Thursday for 3 nights for 3 people.
I booked a room at the Allenbell guesthouse on Coldham Lane.  The reference number is 7QVODJMI.  Can I be of any other assistance to you?
No thank you. Thank you for the reference number 7QVODJMI. Goodbye.
Thank you. Enjoy your stay.
***
I want to find an expensive 4 star hotel.
I have 2 expensive 4 star hotels, one in the west and one in the centre of town. Do you have a preference to area?
Do you have one in the south that includes free parking? 
I'm sorry, no, none in the south.
Okay, I'd really like to stay on the south end of town so is there one in the cheap price range instead?
i don't have any hotels in the south part of town.
Well are there any cheap hotels anywhere in town?
There is a cheap hotel with 4 stars on the west side of town. If you could restate your exact preferences I can try searching again. 
Sure.  Look for a cheap hotel, 4 stars, in the south.  Free parking also.
There are no hotels that meet your criteria in the south.  There is one cheap 4 star guesthouse with parking in the south. Does that work?
Can we start over? I think there is a bit of confusion. I need a hotel with four stars, in the south, and free parking
There is nothing in the expensive range, there is a choice of one cheap or one moderate 4 star guesthouse in the south with parking. Would either of these be OK?
Cheap is fine. Please book for Friday, 3 nights, 3 people.
It is not open then, how about a shorter stay?
I can book for 1 night instead.
Very good.  You are set for 1 night at Rosa's.  The reference number is 8QUJMPP7.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it for now.  Thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
***
Are there any 3-star hotels, guesthouses, or B&B's that have wifi that you don't have to pay for?
There are 5 places to stay that match your criteria. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
No, but the hotel should be in the north.
I have found the Hamilton Lodge. It is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like more information about it?
Yeah, how much does it cost?
It is listed as moderately priced.
Thanks, what is the address and does it have free parking?
Hamilton lodge is located at 156 chesterton road, and yes it does have free parking.
Cool, thank you. I'm all set now. Bye!
Thank you for contacting us. Please let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
***
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in. I don't care about parking, though.
There are 24 places available, Acorn Guest House has good ratings
I ant a place with a rating of at least 4 stars, a guesthouse, in the east, and I don't need free parking.
Okay, how about the a and b guest house?  If fits everything you need.
Perfect! Let's book it for two nights starting Saturday. There are five people in my party. I will also need the reference number.
Sorry, that booking is unavailable. Perhaps another day or a shorter stay would work for you?
Can you suggest another place, is there a hotel with 4 stars in that area? 
I'm sorry but there are no 4 star hotels in the east, but there are quite a few 4 star guesthouses. Would one of those interest you? 
Yes. I want to book one for 5 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
Actually the A & B Guesthouse just opened up for Saturday.  Your reference number is GM77DLR6.  Can I further assist you?
That's it for now, thank you so much.
You're welcome, Thank you, goodbye.
***
Can you please help me get information on cityroomz?
Cityroomz is a hotel located in the centre area. It is a 0 star hotel and has a moderate price range. They also offer internet. Their phone number is 01223304050
I need to book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting Tuesday. 
Okay, that booking was successful. Your reference number is 7ILVZWKR. Anything else I can do for you?
That's it.  Thanks.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
***
I am looking for a 4 star place to stay.
What area would you like to stay in?
I'd like it to be in the north, and to be a guesthouse.
Great, there are 4 options for you here. I personally recommend avalon. Would you like to book?
Yes, please  book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from wednesday.
Your booking was successful. Reference number is : YB23KVSX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
All right, we have many places to stay with free wi-fi. What area of town would you like to stay in? 
I'd like to be in the north, and I need a place with free parking. I'd also like to keep the price to a moderate range.
There are several places that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference on star rating?
No, could you make a recommendation based on that criteria and send me the postcode, address, and hotel type, please?
I recommend the Kirkwood House. It is a guesthouse with 4 star ratings. The postcode is cb41da, and the address is 172 Chesterton Road.
That's all the information I need. Thank you so much for your help. Bye!
You're welcome. Have a great day.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel
There are quite a few hotels that fit that description. Do you have a preference as to area or price range?
I would like something in the east with 2 stars.
It looks like the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge will work well for you. Would you like me to book that?
Does it have free parking? Can you provide me with the contact details of this hotel?
Yes, it offers free parking. The phone number is 01223866800.
thanks. What's the address?
The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park.  Would you like a reservation?
That's not necessary, thanks.
You're welcome. May I help you with a taxi or restaurant booking?
That was all. Thank you
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
***
Yes I am looking for a hotel to stay at with free parking please
I have a variety of options located all over town. Would you have a preference on the area or maybe a certain price range you prefer? 
No, I really only care that it is 4 stars and an actual hotel.
Would you care to try the Huntingdon Marriott?
Perhaps. What's their postcode?
The postcode fot eh Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is pe296fl. Would you like for any other information?
As long as the Huntingdon Marriott has 4 stars, I'm good to go, thanks.
Indeed it does. Enjoy your stay.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should have a star of 0 
Unfortunately I am not finding any hotels matching your criteria, would you like me to look for three star hotels?
how about a star of 0?
Sorry, still zero matches. Perhaps some other criteria?
Ok how about a cheap priced hotel, free wifi would be a plus.
El shaddai is a cheap guesthouse with free wifi and parking. Does this suit your needs?
Yeah. Can you help me book it please? It'll be for 8 people
How many days will you be staying, and what day will you be arriving?
2 nights for 8 people starting on sunday.
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : E69CNU30.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is all the info I needed. Have a great day!
Here is the address for your hotel 41 warkworth street postcode cb11eg.  Have a great day!
***
Do you have any information on a hotel called the Acorn Guesthouse?
The acorn guesthouse is in the north of the city and is rated 4 stars. Their phone number is 01223353888.
Thank you 
Do you want me to book the guesthouse for you? I will need your day of arrival, the number of people and the number of nights.
Yes I need booking for 3 people and 4 nights starting from saturday.?
The booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another hotel.
Yes please book another in the same price range. And I will need the reference number.
You are booked into alpha-milton guest house in the moderate price range you wanted. Your reference number is 1JCGP18D. Is there anything else?
Thank you so much.  That is all I'll need for today.  Bye.
Have a wonderful day!!
***
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the south of town.
I have 2 available. They are both guest house and one is 4 stars and the other is 3. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would like the 3 star one,please.
bridge guest house is a nice place.Would you like me to book it for you ?
***
Could you help me find a hotel on the west side with free WiFi? 
I have four hotels listed that fit your criteria ranging in price from cheap to expensive. What price range are you looking for?
Price doesn't matter, really. But I would like to get free parking too, in addition to the wifi please.
All 2 hotels and 2 guesthouses match your needs. May I recommend the Cambridge Belfry?
Is that a hotel? I need a hotel and not a guesthouse. 
Yes, it is a hotel. Can I book it for you?
That would be great, thanks. We'll be arriving on Sunday.
How many people are staying, and for how many days?
6 people for 4 nights.
Sorry but I was unable to book. Do you wanna change the day you book or the number of days?
How about two nights?
Yes, that did it.  Your reference number is X5XFGMK0. Can I assist you with any other plans today?
Thanks so much. That's it for today. Goodbye.
I'm glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
***
I really hope you can help. I need a place to stay in the south with free wifi. Do you have any recommendations.
There are four options available, do you have a preference for the price range?
No, but I do need a place with free parking.
We have ones with free parking in the south in the cheap, moderate and expensive range. Do you have a preference for hotel or guesthouse? 
I don't have a preference for the price range or the type of lodging. Could you recommend one of them to me?
How about the bridge guest house? It is moderately priced and has both internet and parking?
I think that is good
Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, I just need an address and postcode.  Is it a guesthouse or hotel?
Its a guesthouse and its located at 151 hills road. The postcode there is cb28rj. Would you like me to book a room there for you?
No that won't be necessary, thank you. 
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
That is all for today. Thank you.
You're welcome have a wonderful day and thank you as well.
***
I'm looking for an expensive 2 star hotel.
I have the express by holiday inn cambridge with internet and parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
Is it located in the east?
Yes, that is located in the east.
That's what I want. Please book it for Thursday for 3 people staying 2 nights.
I'm sorry, I was unable to book the hotel for you. Would you like to look for a different place?
Yes, I would. How about a different hotel in the same price range?
I"m sorry but in that price range and star rating there is only the holiday express. Could we try another star rating?
Yes, the star does not matter, just try the same price range, please. 
There are no other hotels located in the east. Is there another area you would prefer?
Just any hotel in the same price range please.
I can try the Lensfield hotel in the south, the university arms hotel in the centre, the marriot in the west, or the gonville hotel in the centre.  
How about trying the Gonville Hotel?
Yes, I was able to book the Gonville hotel, Starting on Thursday for 2 nights for 3 people. Your reference number is 5VNA5FPP. Would that work for you?
Yes, thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
So glad to help! Have a great day. Good-Bye!
***
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and free parking.
Do you have a preference for area or price range?
I do not have a preference but I do want a hotel not a guest house.
There are 8 such hotels. I recommend gonville hotel. Would you like me to book you a room?
Sure.  That would be great.  
How many people will be in your party and how long would you like to stay?
There are 3 of us and we'll be arriving on Saturday.
And for how many days?
It will be for two nights.
I'm sorry but there is no availability for 2 nights starting on Saturday. Is there another day that works for you? Perhaps a different hotel?
Can you try for just 1 night then?
Sure, you're booked for one night. The reference number is AJUGHITG. May I help with anything else?
No. That'll be all, thanks. Bye!
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I'm looking for a hotel called the arbury lodge guesthouse.
The Arbury Lodge Guesthouse is a 4-star guesthouse in the north area. Would like like to book a room there?
Yes please! For 5 people and for 5 nights. Starting Wednesday. 
You are all set.  The reference number is PWYHRHPR.  Can I help you with anything else today?
I am finished, thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
***
I'm looking for somewhere to stay with free parking and free wifi.
There are 29 places that meet your needs. Do you have additional preferences such as lodging type, price range or area?
Something cheap would be more within my budget. What do you have available? 
There are 9 guesthouses and 1 hotel that fall in that price range. Is there a particular part of town that you'd like to stay in?
I don't care about the area. Just pick one for Monday.
How long do you intend to stay?
We will be staying for five nights.
Is it just you staying?
No, it will be me and a friend. We will be staying for 5 nights and arriving on Monday. 
Sorry I tried alexander bed and breakfast but it seems that they have all booked out at for these days. Do you want to change to another place?
well, can you maybe try it for 3 nights?
okay it went through. So you will be staying at the alexander bed and breakfast and your reference is YFLKM9UU. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that's all I need. Thank you so much and bye!
Have a beautiful day!
***
I want to find a guesthouse with free parking included. Can you help?
There are 21 guesthouses that have parking available. Is there a certain price range or part of the city you are interested in?  
I would really like something expensive. 
Unfortunately, I can't find any that are expensive. Let's try a different price range.
Alright, let's try for a cheap hotel.
Do you want a cheap hotel or a cheap guesthouse?
I meant a cheap guesthouse with free wifi.
How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Sounds good, let's book it! 8 people for 4 nights, starting Friday.
Booked. Your reference number is 2V7EJVA7. Is there anything else you need?
Nope, that'll do it. Thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome. Hope you have a pleasant stay.
***
Can you please help me find a guesthouse that offers free parking?
Okay, what area would you like to stay in?
I don't care, just something in the moderate price range and 4 stars.
The Acorn Guest House fits your criteria. It is located in the North. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. Would you give me the postcode?
Sure can. The post code is cb41da. Anything else I can do for you today?
That's all I needed to know. Thanks so much! Take care!
You are welcome.  Have a great day.
***
Yes, I am looking for cheap lodging in town that includes free wifi.
I have two guest houses matching your criteria.  City Centre North B and B and Worth House. What star rating do you prefer?
I would like a hotel with a star rating of 3.
I'm sorry, but I was unable to find any cheap, three star hotels with wifi. Would you be open to a different star rating?
Do you have anything with a 4 star rating?
The cambridge belfry is 4 stars and cheap,would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please and make it for wednesday and for 3 days.
How many people is that booking for?
I will be booking it for 5 people for 2 nights, and I'd actually like it to start from friday.
I'm sorry, but there are no rooms available at that time. Would like to try another hotel?
Yeas please, one in the same price range please.
I only have the Belfry in that star and price range. Would you like to try another combination of stars and price ranges?
How about three stars?
There are none found.
I just need a hotel, cheap range, that is the only criteria I need. 
Booking was successful at worth house. It is a guesthouse that is cheap like the cambridge belfry hotel. Reference number is : N8MJX1YX.
Did this have wifi?
Yes it does. I hope you enjoy your stay.
Thank you so much.
Your welcome. Enjoy your stay.
***
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and zero stars.
I have 2. City centre north b and b in the north and the el shaddai in the centre. Which one would you prefer?
the el shaddai in the centre
Ok no problem, when would you like the room booked for?
I need it for four people and four nights starting Monday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
Lets try City centre north b and b, if that is not successful, any hotel in the same price range
The A and B was indeed successful and your reference number is II677Z30.
Thank you so much for your help.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
***
I am looking for a place to stay in the north.
Yes I have many options in the moderate price range. Do you need wifi or free parking?
Yes, I need both wifi and free parking.
How does the acorn guest house sound?  It is in the north part of town, in the moderate price range, and has both free wifi and parking.
That sounds great. Can you book it for 6 people starting Tuesday for a total of 2 nights?
The Acorn Guest House is unavailable at that time, but I booked you for the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse instead. It has all of the same features. 
Okay. May I have the reference number?
Reference number is : 3Y3AE0U7.
Thank you for booking it.Goodbye.
Is there anything else you need?
***
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi that is moderately priced.
We offer three locations with those criteria. Any preference on area?
I would like to stay at a guesthouse in the centre please
I apologize, but we don't have a guesthouse that fits your criteria. Would you like to try a hotel?
Hmm, well that isn't good. Oh well, how about trying if there is a guesthouse thats cheap then. I suppose it will have to do. 
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in that area, it has 4 stars and offers free wifi. Can I book this for you?
Yes, please, for four people on Thursday.
How many nights do you need?
I need five nights. And I need the reference number, please.
I was able to book the Alexander B&B for you for 4 people and 5 nights starting on Thursday. The reference number is 1KWO2DAQ.
Thank you that will do, cheers.
Cheers. Have a great day.
***
Konnichiwa, I am coming to town and will be staying a few days. I need a place in town centre that offers free parking. Can you help me?
I certainly can. I have 4 different options for you. I have two cheap gueshouses and two expensive hotels. Do you have a preference?
I will take one of the cheap guesthouses please?
How about the Alexander bed and breakfast, I can book it for you now if you like?
That sounds great. I'd like to book it for 2 people. We'll be arriving Tuesday and we'd like to stay for 5 nights please.
Your booking was and your reference number is EY36GH17. Is there anything else you need help with today?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Thank you, have a good stay, goodbye.
***
Greetings! I need a cheap hotel to stay the night in, could you help me?
I certainly can. I have about 10 available. Do you prefer a certain area of town?
I would prefer a 0 star rating in the centre of town
The El Shaddai is a guesthouse with 0 stars in the centre of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, as long as it falls in the cheap price range, please.
Is it for just yourself? For how long and on what day? 
The reservation should be for 8 people for 5 nights starting Sunday. Thank you.
I was unable to book that for you. Perhaps we can try another day or a shorter stay?
How about just one night?
I have you down for one night.  Your reference number is NF64LM1Z.  Anything else?
That's all I need right now, thanks. 
Have a great day!
***
I am looking for information on the leverton house hotel
Leverton house is a guesthouse located in the east area. It's a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range. They offer internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223292094	
Thank you for your help. That's all I need. 
So glad I could help. Have a lovely day!
***
I am looking for a place to stay with a 3 star rating.
I've found 6 choices that match your inquiry. Are you looking for a specific price range?
I would like a lower price range with free parking.
We have 3 guesthouses with free parking in moderate price range.
I want to be in a hotel, not a guesthouse.
There are no hotels matching your requirements, would you like to try something different?
Can you find me a hotel in the south with a 3 star rating free parking? 
The lensfield hotel matches that all your requirements, would you like to book there?
Yes please let's try that.
Can you please let me know the details of your reservation such as number of people, length of stay, and arrival date.
Please book for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.
That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to help you find another hotel?
Is there another hotel in the same price range that you can book?
There are none in the same area,can I check in another area?
Yes, please check in another area.
The Gonville hotel in the centre area meets all your requirements. Would you like to book there?
Yes could you check there please.
I have made a booking and it went through. Your Reference number is : AEBKVJV3.
Yes, and please give me the reference number.
Your reference number is AEBKVJV3. Is there anything else you needed today?
No, that will be it. Thank you. 
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
***
I need to find a place to stay in the east part of town with free parking.
There are 6 places to stay in the east part of town with free parking. Do you have a preferred price range?
I don't have a preferred price. I'm looking for any sort of guesthouse there and absolutely require wifi access.
The Allenbell is on the east side of town, is a guesthouse type, and has parking and wifi. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please book it for 5 people and 3 nights, starting from Monday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is : 7NWCZEP1.
that is all, thank you
You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
***
I am looking for a hotel called  alpha-milton guest house 
The alpha-milton guest house is in the north part of town at 63 milton road.
book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
I have successfuly booked the hotel for you. Your reference number is 1XPV9OMK. Is there anything else I may help you with?
No thank you! 
You are welcome. Have a good visit. Thanks for using the TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
***
Can you tell me about a nice guest house in your city? I don't care how much it costs.
There is the Acorn Guesthouse that is located in the north side of town. Would you like me to make a booking?
Are they expensive? I would like something nice. And do they have free parking? 
They're a moderate guesthouse with free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Please check for something expensive first. If you don't see one, then we can come back to that.
It looks like all of the places in the expensive price range are hotels rather than guesthouses. Would you like to consider a different price range?
Yeah, that's fine.  Oh, and I need free parking!
So to clarify, you need a guesthouse with free parking, and a moderate price range is acceptable? If so, I have 12 different options for you. 
Yes, that's right. Which of the 12 options would you recommend?
How about Archway House? It's at 52 Gilbert Road cb43pe, and the phone number is 01223575314. Would that work for you?
That's great. Please make a reservation for 1 on Monday. I'd like to stay 3 nights. 
Your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like another day or a shorter stay.
Yes, would you try 2 nights instead, please?
Booking was successful.  Reference number is : JAKCI7JO.  Is there anything else we can help you with today?
No that's all. Thanks. Bye!
I hope you have a great rest of the day.
***
I need to stay in the north, 0 stars. 
I have found a guestgouse with a cheap price range. Would you like me to book it?
Actually I would prefer a moderate hotel.
I have the Archway House that is 4 stars. And is located in the north. Would you like me to try to book that?
I'm sorry, I misspoke a moment ago. I need a hotel in the cheap range if you can find one.
The City Centre North B&B is a cheap, 0-star guesthouse in the north. Would you like me to try booking a room there?
Yes, please. I need rooms for 3 nights for 4 people beginning Friday.
Unfortunately I could not book that for you. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes please find another hotel.
I was able to book you for the Worth house which meets all of your criteria, your reference number is RJUMPPNC
Thank you for your help, that is everything that I need.
Thank you for using our service today. 
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the type of guesthouse
Okay. What part of town do you want to stay in?
Any part of town as long as it  includes free parking.
I need a hotel with FREE parking
You read my mind. Yes, free parking.
Do you have a specific pricerange you are looking for?
No, I'm not picky.
How about acorn house? They have excellent reviews.
Yes, if Acorn House has free parking, please book my reservation. 
What is your arrival date and how many days will you be staying, please? 
I'm sorry I don't need a reservation. Could you just confirm the price range, postcode and what area that is in?
The acorn house is moderately priced, 4 stars, and in the north.
Thanks so much. I won't be needing anything further today.
Thank you goodbye
***
Can you help me find a moderate price place to stay that includes free parking?
Acorn guest house has free parking and is moderately priced. Would you like more information?
Does it also have free wifi and does it have 2 stars? 
No it doesn't.  But the Ashley Hotel has 2 stars and free parking.  It is a moderate also.
Is there somewhere with both free wifi and parking?
Yes. The Ashley Hotel has both free wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
I am not quite ready to make a reservation yet, but could you please get the address for me?
The ashley hotel is located at 74 chesterton road. Would you like any other information about it?
Yes, do you have their postcode please?
The postcode is cb41er. Can I help you with anything else? 
What part of town is the Ashley located?
They are located in the north.
Perfect, thank you. That is all I need.  Bye.
Thank you, have a great day, Goodbye.
***
I need some information on the A and B Guest House.
the a and b guest house is a 4 star hotel with free wifi. it is in the east part of town.
Thank you, I need to book for 7 people and 3 nights starting on thursday.  Can they set that up for me.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FBDR5BNR.
So you need to arrive on Thursday after 11:00 am to check-in.
That is correct. Anything else I can do for you?
That's it for now!  Thank you so much.
Thank you for using our services.  Please let us know if there's anything else we can do for you.
***
I'm looking to find a guesthouse with free wifi for the night.
I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow down the results, what area are you looking to stay in?
I'd like to stay in Cambridge centre.
when would you like to move into the guest house
Starting on Monday please.
For how many days would you like this reservation?
I plan to stay for 3 nights
Booking was unsuccessful.
Please book another day or a shorter stay.
alright. enjoyed your services. keep that up
You are more than welcome!

***
I am looking for information on the kirkwood house.
Kirkwood house is a guesthouse located at 172 chesterton rd on the north side of town. Phone number is 01223306283 with free parking and wifi. Is there anything else?
Yes please. What is the price range? 
It is moderate. Can I help further today?
No, that was it. Thank you for the help.
Okay. Have a great day. Goodbye.
***
Can you help me find a hotel that has free wifi?
Sure, there are 9 hotels with free wifi. Is there an area of town or price range you prefer? 
I would like something cheap in the north part of town.
I'm sorry. There is not one in the cheap range. I do have 2 in the moderate range. Would you be interested in one of those?
Sure, but can I get one that also has free parking?
They both have free parking. Would you like to book at Ashley hotel or Lovell lodge?
It doesn't matter.  The Ashley is fine.
I need to know when you'd like to begin your stay, how many are in your party, and how many nights you'd like reserved.
There will be 6 of us arriving on Sunday, and we need to stay for 4 nights.
You have a reservation. The confirmation code is GDEFC2RE.
Thank you, that is it bye.
I'm glad I could help!
***
Can you find me a hotel in the moderate price range?
There are 18 hotels in the moderate price range. Are you looking for free parking or free wifi?
I don't need internet. Are any of them 3 stars?
No none of them are 3 stars or 4 stars,I have a few that are 2 stars would they be okay?
If that's all that is available that's fine, I need it for 1 person for 3 nights starting Thursday, please book one for me
Great! I have booked you at Lovell Lodge with reference number 6YI7ENAC. May I help with anything else?
No that is all I need. Thanks for your help.
Have a good day.  Thank you for using our service. 
Thank you! Have a great day!
You are welcome.  Good bye.
***
Would you happen to have information on the Lovell Lodge?
Yes! This hotel is located in the north. It has a 2 star rating and is in the moderate price range. Is there anything else I can assist you with? 
Can I get the phone number and address please? 
The address for Lovell Lodge is 365 Milton Road, and the phone number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That's all I need.
All right, thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I live in the centre of town and want to see if I can find a reasonable room for my parents to stay while they are visiting. 
How about the Alexander bed and breakfast in the centre?  It is a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free internet and wifi.
That sounds like it might work.  Could you check availability for two people this weekend?
What day are they arriving, and how many nights are they staying?
I am unsure at this time. 
Okay, would you like some more information about that hotel?
Can you tell me what the address is?
The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
Does this place include free parking?
The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap, 4 star guesthouse in the centre area, It has wifi and parking. Does this fit your needs?
You have been very helpful.  I have everything I need, thanks.  Bye
I am glad to help. Have a nice day.  Bye.
***
I want to find a place to stay in the north with free parking.
I have several hotels in the north that offer free parking. Do you have a preferred price range so that I can narrow it down for you a bit?
Yes, I would prefer a moderate price range.
The Acorn Guest House appears to meet your Criteria.   Would you like more details on this hotel?
That sounds great, could you make the reservations for me there then? I will be there Sunday with 3 people and we will stay for 2 nights.
I am sorry the acorn doesn't have a room available then, how about another hotel?
No,lets try ext weekend,see if you can book it for then ?
I'm sorry. There is still no availibility. Would you like to try a different hotel then?
Yes, same price range.
Hamilton Lodge has the same amenities and is right next door. Would you like me to book that property for you?
Yes, please. 
Booked! Reference number: 2BA346MA.

Okay great. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.
No problem. Have a great day. Good-Bye.
***
Do you have information about the hotel El Shaddai?
El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse in the centre area. It has a 0 star rating and includes parking and wifi. It's located at 41 warkworth street. Phone number 01223327978.
Sounds good.  Can you book it for 3 nights checking in on Monday?  There will be 7 of us.
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Can we try another day or a shorter stay?
Can we try one night?
That did the trick, your booking was successful and your reference number is 820WCJZQ. Is there anything else you need help with today?
That shall be all. Thanks! 
Enjoy your stay! Goodbye! 
***
I am looking for ALexeander b&b. 
Alexander bed and breakfast	is a guesthouse in the centre of town in the cheap price range.
That location is perfect. Can you book it for me for 2 nights starting with Thursday. It would be for 5 people.
Unfortunately, that hotel isn't available during that time. Is there another hotel you would like to book?
No,lets try for next Friday ?
I'm sorry, the hotel is not available next Friday. Would you like to try another date or another property?
Another hotel then, same price range. 
I was able to book El Shaddai, reference number is E79RSOWR
Thank you so much!
Your welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all, thank you for your help today.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
***
I want to find some information about a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast.
Alexander bed and breakfast	is a guesthouse in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
Do they have reservations available for 6 people and 3 nights starting from Thursday?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel.
***
Hello, I am looking for the address and phone number of the hotel Cambridge Belfry.
The address is back lane, cambourne. The phone number is 01954714600. Is there anything else I can help with? 
What is the price range of the hotel?
The Cambridge Belfry hotel has a cheap price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that'll be all, thanks. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
Could you provide me with information about the Huntingdon Marriott hotel?
The huntingdon marriott hotel is an expensive hotel in the west with a 4 star rating. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes. I want to book it for 7 people. We will be staying for 4 nights starting from Monday.
I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Can I find a different hotel for you today?
Yes lets look  for a 3 star rating hotel,please.
I was able to get a room for you at gonville hotel for monday. Your reference number is 96GT1K88. Is there anything else?
Great that was all I needed today thank you!
Great. You're welcome! Have a great day!
***
I'm looking for some 4-star accommodations.
There are over twenty four-star hotels or guesthouses. What area do you prefer?
An area that's close to public transportation 
How about a and b guest house? 
Sure, as long as it is moderately priced.
 of course. ive got some options. you can check the out
I will be happy too. I will also need a postcode.
The postcode is cb12dp and the address is 124 tenison road. Do you want me to book it for you?
No that won't be necessary. I am just gathering information for now. Thanks
Sure thing. Have a nice day!
***
Hello, I'm in need lodging that has free wifi and zero stars.
Great! I found three results! Two are in the centre and one in the north. Which would you prefer? 
I would prefer one that is a guesthouse.
There are 2 options: one in the North and one in the town Centre. Which would you like?
Can I have the pricing and address of the one in the centre of town?
I cannot see the price but it does say it is cheap. Their address is 41 Warkworth Street.  Would you like me to book it of you?
I am not ready to book just yet. Thanks for your help.
Certainly, is there anything else you need?
Yes, could you tell me the name of the lodging that you mentioned, please?
The name of the guesthouse is El Shaddai.
Thank you so much.  I am all set.  Bye.
You're welcome.  Please let us know if there is anything else we can help you with.
***
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel in the centre, can you help me.
University arms hotel is located in the centre of town.
What is the price range for that?
The University Arms Hotel is an expensive hotel that has a 4 star rating. Would that work for you?
No, I need a moderately priced hotel. Do you have one of those?
I have the cityroomz. It is a moderate price hotel in the center. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'm sorry but I do need an expensive hotel, not a guesthouse, with free parking in the center of town. 
gonville hotel is a nice place.Would you like me to book it or do you want the adress ?
***
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the north part of town.
There are two. The Ashley hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Both have internet and parking.  Both are 2 stars. 
Are there any four star hotels?
Not on the north side of town. There are two on the west side and one in the town centre.
Could I have one in the Centre of town
Absolutely! It's called the University Arms Hotel, great reviews! Would you like me to schedule that for you?
Please do,lets make it for this coming Monday,than k you.
For how many people please and how long is your stay going to be?
two people, two nights, starting Thursday. 
Yes the university arms hotel. Would you like me to book that for you?
Actually, how about a guesthouse type place in the north with four stars?
I regret to inform you that I could not book a room at the requested location. Would you like to try another hotel?
Another hotel in the same pricerange then?
I got you a room at the Gonville Hotel. Your reference number is: 0YB5M0HT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all. Thank you for all of your help. 
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
***
Hi, I'd like to find a place to stay that includes free wi-fi.
I have quite a few places that offer wifi, is there is a certain price range you are looking for?
Something cheap would be good. 
I have about 10 different places. Do you have a preference on the area of town? 
No not really. But I would prefer a hotel and like both free wifi and parking if possible. 
The Cambridge belfry is a hotel in the west that is cheap and has both free internet and wifi.  Would you like to book this?
That's fine.  I'll need it for three nights starting on Sunday.
Unfortunately, that day doesn't work. Can we try booking another day or a shorter stay, perhaps?
Is there another hotel that matches that criteria?
Unfortunately that's the only hotel that suits your criteria.
I will try and restate so you can look again, I need free wifi and parking, cheap place, type of room does not matter.
There are 10 places that match your criteria.  What part of town would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter. Whatever is available nearby will be fine.
I will give it a try again.  How many people will there be?
there are 4 of us.
You are booked at the Alexander B & B.  It is cheap, with wifi and parking included.  Your reference number is ZTRMOKWM. Is there anything else?
No. That is all!
Have a nice day and enjoy your stay.  Bye.
Thank you for your assistance.
You are welcome. Have a great time
***
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
There are 32 hotels/guesthouses that offer free wifi, do you want to stay on a specific side of town, or a specific amenity you want?
I would like to be in the south and I prefer a guesthouse.
I have 3 listings in that area,what price range were you looking for?
Price does not matter as long as they have 3 stars.
I have one, the Bridge Guest House, shall I book it for you?
No,let me check around,I will call back.
Have a nice day.  Call back if you need anything.  
***
I am looking for information about the kirkwood hotel.
Great! What would you like to know about it?
Do they have internet, and also what is the postcode?
Yes, they have free wifi and their postcode is cb42da. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No that is all, good bye. 
Okay goodbye, have a nice day.
***
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse.
Of course, in which area of town will you be staying?
I want it in the west, and it should be moderately priced.
There are 3 in the south all of them have free parking and internet. Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please book one for 4 people and 3 nights starting from Wednesday. I will need the reference number also.
You're booked at the Bridge Guest House, ref# BWMDVCV1. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That would be all thank you very much.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
***
I'm looking for a hotel with one star rating and free parking, can you help me?
I'm sorry, I can't seem to find a place that fits that criteria. Can I find you something else?
I'm looking for a hotel and it has to be a guesthouse. 
There are 24 guesthouses in the city. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
It doesn't matter what section it is in. Are there any guesthouses listed that have a 4 star rating?
a and b guest house is a nice place, with a  4 star rating
***
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called kirkwood house
Kirkwood house is located in the north and is moderately priced. Want me to book you a room?
Please book a room for 3 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday. Can I have a reference number?
Your booking was successful. Reference number is : VHYO8IC0.
Wonderful. Thank you. 
welcome next time
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.

You are more than welcome!

***
Do you know of any 3 star hotels to stay in? 
Yes, there are 6 I can recommend to you. Do you have other specifications, or shall I select one for you?
I would like for the hotel to be located in the south and include free wifi.
I have two different choices. One is rather expensive and the other more moderately priced. Do you prefer one over the other?
Either is fine. Can you see if one of them might have a room on Wednesday for 3 people and 3 nights?
Ok. I have booked the lensfield hotel for you. The reference number is 11XDM9CC.
Can I have the address and phone number please?
Of course. The address is 53-57 Lensfield road. Phone number is 01223355017. 
Thanks so much!  
Have a great day!
***
Hi there! I'm looking for an expensive place to stay that has free wifi. I bet Cambridge has a ton of those.
We have 5 hotels that fit that description. What area of town do you prefer? 
The area doesn't matter much, but I would like it to be a guesthouse if possible.
I'm sorry, but all of the places that have free wifi and who have an expensive price range are hotels rather than guesthouses. Would you be interested in a hotel instead?
I'd really rather stay at a guesthouse. Do you have anything in the cheap price range?
There are 9 locations that meet your requirements. Is there a particular star rating you'd prefer?
No not in particular. 
I could recommend the el shaddai. It has free internet and parking and is in the centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the phone number of the el shaddai?
Their phone number is 01223327978, would you like help booking a room? 
That's not needed. Thank you!
Thank you, good day to you.
Good day to you also  Bye.
Don't hesitate to contact me if you decide to reserve.  Bye.
***
Hi, I'd like to stay at the warkworth house please.
warkworth house is an excellent choice. Shall I book it for you?
Yes please! 2 of us will be staying starting on saturday for 5 nights
Booking was successful. Reference number is : AZ8EPKAU.
Thanks for all of your help.
You are welcome. Do you need anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you so much!
Glad I could help hope you have a great day. 
***
I am looking to get some information on the acorn guest house.
I have the info for that place, what would you like to know?
Is there a room available for a five night stay beginning Friday?
Sure, I'd be happy to. How many total people will be staying with you?
Just for 1 person, thanks.
I'm sorry, but there seems to be no rooms available. Could I interest you in another hotel? 
Yes in the same price range, please. Include reference number.
What area are you looking to stay in ?
I would like something in the area of the acorn guest house.
Okay I was able to get you into the Archway House and it is also priced moderately. Your reference number is WT39VB7L.
Yes thank you that is all I need.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful week at Archway and please contact me if you need anything else.
***
Can you find me a guesthouse with free parking?
I certainly can look for that for you. It looks like I have several. Do you prefer a certain price range?
No, but I'm looking for something with at least two stars.
Sorry, we don't have anything that matches the options that you've selected. Would you like to search for a different option?
Do you have a hotel that is four stars then?
We have several!  Do you wish to stay in a certain part of town?
The location doesn't matter, but I would prefer a guesthouse if possible.
I would recommend the Acorn Guest House then. It has 4 stars, free wifi, free parking and is moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. There are 8 of us and we'll be arriving on Saturday.
Can you please give me how many days you will be staying?
I'll be staying for 5 nights.
I have you book for that time, the reference code is UA3N0Q3R.
I'm happy and relieved. That's everything. Thank you so much for your help.
I am glad, have a great day. Good Bye.
***
Hello, can you help me with some information on a particular hotel?
Yes I can. May I have the name of the particular hotel please?
It is the Cambridge Belfry.  I think I have the correct name.
Yes, The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel in the West.
Do they have free internet?
Yes, they have internet would you like me to book it for you?
No I don't need reservation but can I get the address and phone number for them.?
The address is back lane, cambourne, postcode cb236bw and phone number 01954714600
***
I'm looking for a hotel in the North with free wifi.
There are 5 hotels in the North that offer internet. Do you have a specific price range?
Any price range is fine but i do need free parking
How about the Ashley Hotel? It is a moderately priced 2 star hotel with free internet and parking. 
That sounds great. I would like to book 5 nights for 1 person starting Thursday.
I apologize the booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to look at another location?
Please book a different hotel in the same price range.
Great! I was able to get you into The Lovell Lodge for 5 nights and your reference number is RIECNLUT.
Thanks so much!
Thank you and enjoy your stay!
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of hotel
There are a total of 9 hotels currently that match your descriptions. Is there a certain price range or are location you need the hotel to be in?
it should be in the moderate price range
The 2 hotels in the north have 2 stars. The one hotel in the centre has 0 stars. 
Okay, it needs to be 4 stars.  What about Guesthouses?
Unfortunately there are none in the moderate price range. Would you perhaps consider an expensive price?
how about a guesthouse instead?
There are several 4-star guesthouses with wi-fi in the moderate price range. Would you prefer to stay in the east or the northern part of town?
It doesn't matter to me what part of town it's in. What's your favorite?
I do like the Avalon. It's a very nice place and it fits your requirements.
Ok, can we book that for 4 people, for 3 nights starting Tuesday?
2UOVP3E0 is your confirmation, may I get you anything else?
No. Thanks for your help.  Bye.
I glad we could help. Have a great day.
***
I am looking for a hotel called Warkworth House.
I have found the Warkworth House located in the East. It is 4 stars and is in the moderate price range. May I book it for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 5 nights starting Wednesday. There will be 4 people.
I am sorry but  Warkworth House is fully booked. May I look for another hotel for you in the east area?
Can you find me another hotel in the same price range as the Warkworth House?
I show two hotels in the moderate price range.  Would you like more details on them?
Yes thank you and the reference number
They are both guesthouses in the east, four star. Would you prefer the one with our without parking?
Either is fine.  I just need the reservation for Wednesday.
Great! You're booked at A and B Guest House with reference number ZE1OBRFT. May I help with anything else?
Thank you that is all I need.
Enjoy your stay
***
I want to stay at a 4 star hotel
There are 33 hotels that satisfy your request are you looking for a specific area of town?
I need a place in the east with free wifi.
i am recommending  the acorn guest house
Okay that sounds good. Let's book it for just me, and I am planning to stay 4 nights beginning Thursday.
I apologize, but the hotel isn't available during that time frame.
could you please try one night
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : 8DW9YAFR.
Great, thanks for your help.
Your welcome, Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope that was all I needed today. Thanks! Take care!
You're very welcome. Have a great day!
***
Yes, I'm searching for a 4 star rated places to stay in town. It does not need to have any internet connection.
There are no 4 star hotels without internet. There are 21 four star hotels with internet. What area or price range are you looking for?
Do any of them include free parking?
Yes,a lot of them have free parking. What price range are you looking for?
Price range does not matter. 
In what area would you prefer?
North part of town.Cheap would be better.
I only am coming up with worth house. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, can you book it for 7 people for 4 nights on Thursday?
I'm sorry, I was unable to book that one. I have several guesthouses in the moderate price range, would you like me to try one of those?
Yes let's try another hotel in the same price range.
I booked you at Acorn Guest House.  Your reference number is VMYBAGS7.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all. Thanks.
Great, enjoy your stay! Please contact me again if you need anything else.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the expensive price range and should be in the type of guesthouse
I don't have a guesthouse type of hotel, but I could suggest the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel
its ok if it has free parking
It does have free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Are there any guesthouses in the cheap price range?
There are nine cheap guesthouses, all in different areas. Any preference?
can you please tell me about the star of the hotel
Allenbell has a star rating of 4.
What is the price of Allenbell?
The Allenbell is in the cheap price range. Do you want me to book it?
No, that's all I need for today. Good bye.
Have a great day!
***
I am looking for the Limehouse hotel.
The Limehouse guesthouse is located in the north at 78-80 Milton Road
I'd like to make a reservation for Thursday for 6 people and we want to stay 2 nights please.
I'm sorry, but there are no rooms available for the days you have requested. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes, in the same price range please.
I am sorry there are no others in that price range or in that area,could I search another area for one?
Are you sure there's nothing available? I really need something in the same price range as Limehouse.
I show acorn guest house which is in the same area and price range.  Would you like me to check availability there?
Yes please check it for me.
I have good news. I was able to book you into the Acorn guesthouse and your reference number is DT4ENVMJ.
Oh good. Thank you for your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. that's all. Thanks again!
Thank you for using our service. 
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay.
Certainly, we have many moderately priced options. Which area of town do you prefer to stay in? 
I'm not familiar with the different areas, so I guess it doesn't matter.  I would like a moderate though.  With free WiFi.
The A and B Guest House is in the moderate price range and has free wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Does it have a four star rating? I need free parking, too.
The Archway House would meet your needs. Would you like to make a reservation? 
No, could you just tell me the phone number? And what area of town is that in?
The phone number is 01223575314 and it is in the north area of town.
Great! Thanks for all the info. I'm all set. Bye!
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
***
I'm looking for a place to stay on the north side.
Alright, there are 13 guesthouses and hotels on the north side. You have a price range in mind, or is there a particular amenity you need?
I'm looking for one with 0 stars, please.
City Centre North B and B is just what you're looking for. It's a guesthouse with free wifi and parking at 328a histon road cb43ht. Would you like to book?
One more thing, I'd also like the price range please.
Sure, it's a cheap hotel.
Thank you. I think that's all I need today.
Great! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye! 
***
Can you help me find a particular hotel?
Of course.  Do you know the name of the hotel?
We should be able to help you locate a hotel that will fit your needs. 
Thats good,but can I get the name of the  particular hotel you are looking for,please?
No.Just look up any 3 star hotel,please.
There are 33 hotels that are 3 star. Is there a particular part of the city?
Any will do as long as it's in the same price points. I need a reference number too please.
What is the price range you are looking to book in ?
what ever finches is listed at. I need the reference number after its booked please
Alright, How many people are staying, how many days do you want to stay, and what day to you want your stay to start?
I need it for 4 nights staring from Thursday for 6 people please.
I'm sorry I was unable to book that for you. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes please. One in the same price range.
Sure I was able to book you into the Cambridge Belfry and your reference number is 4MYONDFW.
Great. Thank you. That is all I need.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to include internet and should have a star of 4
We dont have any hotels that have no internet with 4 stars
Are there any that include free parking and that are in the expensive price range?
Sorry, my search didn't bring back any results.
Try changing from no internet to free wifi and see what happens.
There are two hotels that fir your description in the expensive price range. One is in the west and one is in the centre. Which would you prefer?
I need one with wifi.
Acorn house has free wifi. Is that okay?
Yes, please just forward me the area, hotel type and their phone number.
I'm terribly sorry, I misspoke. There are two 4-star hotels in the expensive range with wi-fi--the Huntington Marriott in the west and the University Arms in the centre of town.
The Huntington Marriott in the west would be great. What is the hotel type and phone number?
Sure, it is a hotel and the phone number is 01480446000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
thanks for helping
Do you need me to book you a reservation?
No, I think I will wait on booking at this time.  Thank you for your assistance.
No problem, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day! 
***
Can you find me a particular hotel please?
I can.  If you'd give me the name, or other details, I can search for it. 
I am looking for the Warkworth House. I would like to book it starting Sunday for 3 nights for 2 people.
The Warkworth house is a guesthouse, not a hotel. Is that okay?
Yeah that's okay. Please book it for 2 people and 3 nights starting Sunday.
I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Can I find a different hotel for you?
Please look for a different hotel in the same pricerange.
I was able to book A and B Guest house, reference number is QRVY59M0. 
Thanks so much for all of your help
you're so very welcome. is there anything else that i may assist you with?
No thank you that is all.
Okay Great. Glad I could be of help.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. I need a 2 star hotel with free parking.
Do you prefer the north or east side of town?
No preference there. But I"d like it to be in the moderate range please
How about the Ashley hotel?
Does the Ashley hotel include free wifi?
Yes, the ashley hotel has both free internet and parking. 
Sure, sounds good. What's the address?
The address is 74 chesterton road, postcode cb41er. Do you need more information?
Great, that's all I needed. Thanks
Thank you for using our services.
***
Could you find me a room at a four star hotel that is kind of cheap?
The Cambridge Belfry fits your needs. It has free parking and free internet too!
Is that a guesthouse? I really want a guesthouse rather than a hotel.
No, I'm sorry the cambridge belfry is a hotel. What area would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't matter as long as it's a 4 star guesthouse.
The Autumn House is a great guesthouse on the east area of town, also includes free wifi and internet, and seems to be just what you are looking for.
Sounds great, what is the address to that guesthouse?
710 newmarket road
Great! That's all I need today. Thank you.
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
***
Could you help me find a 4 star lodging on the south end?
aylesbray lodge guest house or rosa's bed and breakfast are both available
Are either of them cheap?
Yes, rosa's bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I need 3 nights starting on friday for 1.
All right, I've reserved your room. The reference number is TH1IW110. Is there anything else I can do for you? 
Okay great. That is all I need.
Wonderful, have a great day.
You do the same!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse located in the centre
Ok, there are 2 guesthouses located in the centre of town. They are in the cheap price range. Would you like to book one?
Do they both include free parking?
Yes, they both have free parking.
How about internet? Can I get wifi for free?
Yes, they both have free wifi as well. 
Thank you, that's all. Goodbye.
Not a problem. If you need more assistance, let me know.
***
Hi, I need a hotel with wifi, please. 
Huntingdon marriott hotel has a high rating and wifi
What is the price range for this hotel?
There are two moderate and three expensive price ranges.Which range do you prefer ?
***
I am hoping you can help me find a hotel with free wifi in the north.
Acorn guest house is in the North and offers wifi, it is moderately priced and has 4 stars. Would you like to book it? 
Does it have parking? 
Yes, they offer both free wifi and free parking. Can I assist you in booking a room? 
I actually would want something expensive (north side preferred) and free wifi and parking. 
I have nothing in the north area meeting that search criteria, would you like me to check another area?
Yes. How about an expensive place in the centre of town, with both free wifi and parking?
I found the gonville hotel. It is located in the center, is in the expensive price range, has free internet and parking! Shall I book it?
Yes! Please book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from monday.
I'm sorry there is no availability for 2 nights from Monday, would you like me to try a different date or a different hotel? 
How about one night only?
That was open, the reference code is B13IXXHV.
Great, thank you for your help! 
Thank you, do you need anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you.
You're very welcome. Thanks for letting me assist you. Bye!
***
Hello, I'm looking for a 4 star place on the westside to stay at.
There are two hotel and one guesthouse that match what you are looking for. Do you have a price range?
Yes, I am looking in the expensive price range. Also, I would need free parking.
The Huntingdon Marriot Hotel is located in the west and in the expensive price range. Would you like to book?
Yes, can you please book me for 6 people and 4 nights starting on monday?
Great, I've got you booked for 4 days starting Monday for 6 guests is this correct?
Yes. Can I get the reference number so I can give it to them when we arrive?
I am sorry.  The system will not give me a confirmation number.  Would you like me to try another hotel?
Yes, in the same price range please.
There are no other options in the expensive range, would you like me to try something else?
Is there another expensive place to stay?
I was able to book University Arms Hotel, reference number is VOF0UGNG.
Thank you, that's what I needed.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thanks for all of your help and putting up with a pain like me!
You were great. Hope you enjoy your stay. Have a great day.
***
I am trying to locate a really nice guesthouse to take my wife to. Can you suggest any?
There are several nice guesthouses I can recommend. Are you looking for a specific location?
I don't have a place in mind but I would like for the guesthouse to be on pricier side.
I'm sorry to say we don't have any expensive guesthouses. Would you like to try something cheaper? 
Could you see if there's a hotel that meets my preferences?
Yes there are five such hotels. Which area of town could you like to stay?
No, but I was looking for something with 2 stars. 
The express by holiday inn cambridge is east area. Would you like me to book a reservation for you today?
Please just give me their postcode.
The postcode is cb13lh.
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
***
I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the centre of town
The gonville hotel is in the centre of town and has a 3 star rating.
It doesn't need to have free parking, but just by chance do they offer that? 
The Gonville Hotel actually offers both free wifi and free parking. Can I help you with booking a room there? 
No, that's all the information I need. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
***
Hello, I'm looking for a cheap place to stay. It doesn't need to have free parking.
Alexander bed and breakfast is available in the cheap price range.
I also need free wifi and a 0 star rating please.
I don't see any hotels with free internet in cheap price range. 
Ok, then, is there one that is cheap and offers free parking instead?
No there is not one that matches that criteria.
Ok, I will try again later.
Hold on, I had mistakenly listed you as not wanting free parking (rather than not caring if they did). I have two gueshouses that offer both parking and internet.
I want which ever one is close to town.
How about the el shaddai? I will need to know how long your stay is going to be and how many is in your party please
Sure.  There will be 5 of us for 4 nights starting Monday.
The el shaddai was full but I was able to book you at the city centre north b and b. Reference number XLPM3FVL. 
Perfect thanks so much for your help that was all I needed today.
You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay.  Bye.
***
I'm interested in places that you can get a 1-star room for the night.
We dont have any one star hotels
The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free wifi. 
I have The Cambridge Belfry, it is cheap and has wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is it a 4 star place?
It is a 4 star hotel. 
Sure, please book it for 4 people for 5 nights from saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : XQ9KI92A.
Thank you for your help. 
Thank you for using our services. Do you need further assistance?
No, I am done for the day. Thanks again. Bye!
Thank you for calling. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
***
I've heard some buzz about the Hamilton Lodge. Can you tell me about it?
The Hamilton Lodge is a good hotel, its rated 3 stars and has both internet and parking available. It's at a moderate price point. Their phone number is 01223365664. 
I'd like to book this hotel. I need a room for 4 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday. I require a reference number.
I have booked your room, the reference number is HJJD56XE.
Thank you very much for your help.
Thank you and have a great day.
***
I need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.
Cityroomz is a hotel that matches that requirement, would you like to stay there?
Is it in the north and  in the moderate price range?
No it is not.  Avalon guesthouse is in the north and in the moderate price range though.  It also has free wifi.  Would that work for you?
Yes that sounds fine. I'd like a room for next Friday and Saturday night. Can you book that?
May I ask how many people will be staying in the room with you?
I would like to book it for 4 people
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Yes. A different hotel in the same price range would be fine. 
I would also recommend archway house would you like me to check booking there?
Yes, archway house sounds like a good idea. Please check.
Booking was sucessful. Your reference number is IAH92T2M.
Thank you, that's all I needed today.
Thank you for using our system!
***
Could you help me find a 0 star hotel?
The cityroomz is a 0 star hotel in the moderate price range. It is in the centre of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is the cityroomz a guesthouse? That's what I'm looking for.
No, Cityroomz is a hotel. The City Center North B&B or the El Shaddai are 0 star guesthouses.
You know what, the hotel will actually work for me. Can you tell me where Cityroomz is located? 
Sure.  It's in the centre on Station Road.  Anything else?
Yes, can you book that for me for 5 people and 4 nights? I need it on Sunday.
Sorry, that booking wasn't available. Maybe another day or a shorter stay would work?
How about two night?
That worked. Your reference number is YZMQ4JNN.
Thank you, good bye.
Have a wonderful time, good bye.
***
I need help finding a guesthouse with a star rating of 3.
Would you like it to be in a certain area?
I do not have a preference for an area but I would like it to be in the moderate price range and free wifi.
I have 3. All guesthouses. One is located in the south, the other the north and the last in the west.
I need a hotel not a gueshouse sorry. On tuesday for 2 people for 5 nights please. I am sorry.
In what area please?
Any area would be fine.
What about the gonville hotel in the centre? 
Yes please book that and provide me with the reference number.
I'm sorry that wasn't available.  Shall I try the other one?  It is called The Lensfield Hotel and you should enjoy your stay there as well.
Yes please as long as it's in the same price range.
Good news! The Lensfield is available. Your reservation is for 5 nights, starting from Tuesday for 2 people. The reference number is R36NGMC9. 
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay.
***
Im looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi please.
I am happy to help you with that. We have many options that offer free parking and wifi. Are you looking for a particular area or price range?
I am looking for one with a 4 star rating in the guesthouse style.  
There are 16 matching options. Do you have any other criteria, or would you like a recommendation from the current search?
I definitely want the four star in a guesthouse style, not a hotel. Would you check again, please.
We offer 16 such places. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, just whichever one can accommodate 3 people for 5 nights beginning Saturday
Booked at alexander bed and breakfast. Reference number: 80R46AWL.
Thank you so much for your help
No problem.  Do you need anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed.
Great! Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
***
I need to find a moderately priced guesthouse, please.
A and b guest house is moderately priced in the east part of town.
I need a place in the North, sorry. 
I have a few in the east part of town,would you need free parking?
Not worried about parking. I am looking for a hotel that would be available starting Monday for 4 nights for 6 people. 
In the North part of Town, I have 9 moderately priced options. I recommend Arbury Lodge which can accommodate your booking and has 4 stars.
Sounds great. I want to book the hotel for 6 people. We will be there for 4 nights and arrive on Monday. May I also get the reference number?
The booking was successful. Your reference number is SE28HKNK. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
No, thank you, that's all that I need.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
***
I'm looking for a certain hotel someone recommended, I think it's called the Gonville?
I have the gonville hotel. It is in the centre area of town. Would you like to make a booking today?
Yes, please, I need a room for 3 nights for one person, starting on Saturday.
I am sorry there are no rooms available at that time,can I help you find another hotel?
How about a different hotel in the same price range please?
How about the University Arms Hotel? It is in the same price range.
Is that rated similar to the other one?
The rating is actually one star better. Is that one fine?
Yes please boook me that one.
All right, I have you booked at the University Arms with reference number JAD762EV. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. You have been very helpful with all your assistance.
Pleasure all mine. Have a nice stay!
***
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called arbury lodge guesthouse
Would you like me to check availability for Arbury Lodge Guesthouse on a particular date?
 book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from friday.
I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or a shorter stay?
how about 1 night instead?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : NSVESB6H.

Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
It was my pleasure. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for the price range of the hotel Finches bed and breakfast.
It is listed in the cheap price range.
Thank you. That's all I needed.
Would you like me to book you in?
No thanks, that'll be it for today.
Have a wonderful day, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a hotel that is expensive and has free parking. 
I have about 5 great options for you. Do you prefer a certain area in the city? 
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the east side of town.
I am afraid I have nothing available with those specifications. Would you like a different are or a hotel?
Are there any moderately priced guesthouses in that part of town?
Yes, both the Carolina B&B and the Warkworth House are moderately priced guesthouses on the east side. Would you like a room at one of these?
Yes, could you see if either of them have availability starting on Tuesday for 5 nights for 5 people?
You have a reservation at the carolina bed and breakfast for Tuesday. Your reference number is BOHPJIFE
Thanks, that's great. I think I'm done for today.
That was easy.  Have a great day.  Bye.
***
Can you find the A & B Guesthouse?
The A and B Guest House is located in the east part of the city. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes I would like to make a booking for 5 people and 5 nights starting from Monday.
Ok, I have made a booking for 5 people for 5 nights starting Monday at A and B guest house. 
***
Hello. I am looking for a hotel called gonville hotel.
the gonville hotel is an expensive 3-star hotel in the centre part of town. they have free wifi and free parking. should i book it?
Yes, I am looking for a booking for 8 people starting Saturday, please.
How many nights would you like to stay?
two nights starting from Saturday for 8 people.
I have that accommodation made for you, thank you! 
***
I am looking for a moderately priced guesthouse.
There are several guesthouse moderately priced. What part of town would you like it?
I am not particular as long as it has free parking and free wifi.
I have the Arbury Lodge guest house on the east side. Shall I reserve it for you?
That would be great.  There will be 4 of us and we want to arrive on Saturday for 2 nights.
I'm sorry I was unable to book that. Should I try another hotel?
Yes one in the same price range.
Okay I was able to book you at The Archway House and your reference number is JM5G0862.
Thanks so much.  I won't be needing anything else right now.  Bye.
Okay. I'm glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.
***
Can you find me a moderately priced hotel?
Sure, there are 3 moderately priced hotels. Would you prefer to stay in the north or centre? 
I don't mind which area but I need free parking and somewhere with 2 stars if possible.
There are two hotels with free parking and a 2-star rating.
Could you find out if either is available for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday? I have no preference which one you pick.
I have booked you at the Ashley Hotel in the north area. Your reference number is 970JE5ZN. Do you need any additional information about this location or any additional help today?
No, that is all. Thanks.
Okay. I am glad I could be of help.
***
I'm looking for a place to stay on the westside that offers free wifi.
What price range would you prefer, moderate, cheap, or expensive?
I don't care about the price, and the hotel doesn't need to have free parking.
Would you prefer one with internet?
Yes WiFi internet please.
How about Finches bed and breakfast?
That is fine, is it in the East?
No, Finches is in the West. Are you looking for a place in the East?
No I am looking for a place in the West.
When will you be staying and for how long and how many people will be in your party.
I need to stay 3 nights staring from Sunday and 3 people will be in my party.
I'm sorry, I was unable to book the finches for you. I can check in the different area or price range, if you like.
Can you find another hotel in the same pricerange?
The the cambridge belfry is also in the same pricerange would you like me to check booking there?
Yes, please. Make sure it's for 3 people and 3 nights starting on Sunday and I need the reference number.
I have made successful booking there. Your Reference number is : 1PLDTXKH.
Thank you for all your help today. 
Thank you. 
***
I'm looking for a guest house that offers free parking.
I have located several guesthouses with free parking. Can you tell me the area you would like to stay in and the price range? That would help narrow our search.
Sure.  I would like it to be in the south and in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry, there are no matched in the South in that price range.  The South only has moderate and cheap. 
i will take a moderate guest house with parking then.
I would like to recommend aylesbray lodge guest house,would that be alright with you?
Yes, five people four nights, starting from Monday on. 
That wasn't available but I booked you at the Bridge Guest House.  It has everything you were looking for.  The reference number is 1AMM7M53.  
Thank you, that is all. 
Okay enjoy your stay.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should have a star of 4
What area of town would you like?
preferably the north side of town or somewhere near a shopping center
Great, I have found several guesthouses but unfortunately no hotels  in the north side that are rated 4 stars. Would you be interested in something like that? 
I would prefer a hotel, is there one that has free wifi?
The University arms hotel sounds like something you'd like!
That sounds great. Can you give me their address and postcode?
Sure! The address is regent street	and the postcode is cb21ad.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
welcome again some other time
***
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
I have 32 hotels with free wifi. Is there a specific part of town you would like to stay in?
No, it just needs to be in the moderate price range.  I prefer guesthouses.
I have 14 entries, would you like it to have free parking?
That does not matter.  What ones have availability for 7 people for 2 nights starting on Saturday?
Is there a star rating you would prefer to stay at
I would like 3 stars or higher please
I have the bridge house south area, the hamilton lodge in the north and hobsons house in the west. Which one would you like me to book?
Try booking the bridge house please.
I'm sorry, that one is unavailable. Would you like to try another?
Yes please if it's in the same price range.
I have the Hamilton Lodge in the north, would you like me to book that one?
Yes, please. And I will need the reference number.
I have booked the Hamilton Lodge for you. Starting on Saturday for 2 nights for 7 people. Your reference number is 63GDBABK. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay great. That is all I need.
So glad I could help. Have a great day! Good-Bye!
***
Hi, I need to find a hotel with a 4 star rating that includes free parking. Do you have anything like that?
Yes, there are quite a few 4 star hotels with free parking. What area would you like to stay in?
Thanks, I need a 4 star hotel in the east, the hotel needs to has free parking.
There are some guestrooms that fit those requirements.  Can I book a room at Carolina Bed and Breakfast for you?
I need to book it starting Saturday for 3 nights. There will be 3 guests.
No problem.  Your reference number is U6E0DEZR.
Thanks so much.  That's all I need.
I'm happy to be of service. Please don't hesitate to contact us again if you have more questions. Goodbye!
***
I'm interesting in info about 3-star hotels and such that offer free wifi.
I have two hotels that match the description of 3 star ratings. Are you looking for a hotel in the centre or south area?
the location doesn't matter so long as it has free wifi
The Gonville Hotel is supposed to be great and it offers free wifi. Would you like me to book you a room? 
book it for 5 people and 2 nights starting from monday. 
Sorry, it looks like the hotel can't accommodate you for that amount of time.
Perhaps starting sunday instead?
Great, your reference number is O8VH7VL6. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's it all. Thanks for your help. 
Wonderful. Glad to help. 
***
I'm looking for lodgings that are moderately priced.
I've found several hotels in the moderate price range. Is there a specific area of town you're looking to stay in?
Yes, I'm looking to stay in the north.
I've found 11 possibilities for you. Would you prefer a guest house or a traditional hotel?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range and should include free wifi. 
How about the Acorn Guesthouse? Free wifi and moderate price range.
I am actually looking for a hotel. Is the Acorn Guesthouse listed in that type?
No, it is not. How about Ashley hotel? 
Sure, book me for 2 people for 5 nights starting on Monday?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : WJFFGVWD.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. good bye.
Good bye, enjoy your stay.
***
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in that offers free parking.
I show 21 responses. May I have the location you are interested in? Also a price range would help refine our search
I would like to stay in the Centre in the expensive price range. 
I'm sorry there are no matches fitting your specifications. Would you like a different price range or a different area possibly?
Im sorry. The area and price range do not matter. I need a 3 star guesthouse with free wifi please.
	I'm sorry there are no matches fitting your specifications. Would you like a different price range or a different area possibly? 
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range
There is not a cheap hotel in the centre area. Is there another area I can look for you?
The hotel should be in the type of hotel and should have a star of 4,
The cambridge belfry is 4 star hotel in the cheap price range in the west part of town. Do you want me to book this hotel?
I need to be in the centre. Is there a guesthouse available, if there are no hotels? 
The alexander bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse, located at 56 saint barnabas road.
Great! I want to book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday.
Booking was unsuccessful.  Do you want to try a different day?
how about thursday?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : TFAJJNJF
Thanks, that's all I need. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day. Bye now.
***
Hi, I'd like to find out about the Hobsons House hotel. 
Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west part of town, it is moderately priced with 3 stars, internet and parking. Would you like more information? 
If you have it, can I get their phone number and postcode please. 
Sure thing. The Hobsons House can be reached at 01223304906. Their postcode is cb39lh. Did you need assistance booking a reservation there? 
I'm not quite sure yet. Do they have free parking?
They sure do, as well as free internet.  Would you like me to book you a room now?
Not at this time. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
You too, thank you. 
Feel free to call us when you are ready to book. Good bye.
***
I need a hotel in the center of town with a star of 0.
I have 2 with 0 stars. One is cheap the other is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I would like the moderately priced hotel.
How about cityroomz? They have free internet.
Yes,address and phone number please ?
The address is sleeperz hotel, station road cb12tz and the phone number is 01223304050. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to book that for 2 nights from Friday for 2 people.
I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Would you like me to try the other one, El Shaddai?
Yes as long as it's in the same price range.
I was able to book El Shaddai for 2, for two nights starting Friday. Your reference number is X7WHA1XL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's fine. Thank you for your help.
The address of hotel El Shaddai is 41 warkworth street cb11eg and the phone number is 01223327978. 
Have a nice day.
Have a nice stay at the el shaddai. Thank you for contacting us and have a great day.
***
Good morning. Would you be able to tell me if you have any info on a certain hotel?
Absolutely? What was the name of the hotel and I can get that information for you. 
The hotel is the Lovell Lodge, I need to make a reservation if you can find it.
I have it here. It's moderately priced and is in the north. They offer free wifi and parking. Can you tell me how many to book for and how long?
Yes, I'd like to book 5 people for 5 nights starting Sunday.
Your reservation is all set. Your reference number is J6J0AACJ.
Thank you! That's all I needed. 
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east and should have a star of 4
I am sorry, but there are no 4 star hotels in that area, would you like me to look up another type of hotel for you?
No, thank you. I'll have to figure something else out.
There are 6 guesthouses in the east with 4-star ratings in the moderate to cheap range. Are you interested?
No, that's all that I need. Thanks, good bye.
Great! Have a nice day!

***
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is ranked by 4 stars.
Are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse?
I'd like a hotel in the east part of the city.
I do not see a hotel in the east part of the city. Do you have any recommendations?
That;s too bad...so what do you have? Other part of town?
i have 2 hotels in the west and 1 in the centre.  Would you like to book one of these?
Lets go for the one in the Centre please. Can you make is for 2 people for 4 nights starting Monday. Oh and can I get the reference number?
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes as long as it's in the same price range that will be fine. I need the reference number too.
What price range are you looking for?
In the same price range as the other hotels.
I was able to book Gonville Hotel, reference number is SHEWP52T
Wonderful-thanks. Can you send me the address and phone number of the establishment?
It's address is gonville place and its phone number is 01223366611.
Okay great. That is all I need. Thank you.
So glad I was able to help. Have a great day. Good-Bye.
***
I need a particular hotel please.
We have many hotels to choose from. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
I don't know.  But I do know the name of the hotel. It's the Lensdield Hotel.  I must book that exact hotel. It is important. 
I have found The Lensfield Hotel located on 53-57 Lensfield Road. Would you like to book now?
yes for the weekend
To make sure I get the booking right, by the weekend you mean you want to stay for two nights starting Saturday? And how many people will be staying?
No I want to book starting on Wednesday for 2 people for 2 nights
I'm sorry but I was unable to book for those nights.  Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes.  Please try to make a reservation in the same price range.
You are booked into express by holiday inn Cambridge which is in the expensive price range you wanted. The reference number is IC7AAXP6. Is there anything else?
No, that's it! I appreciate your help!
No problem.  Have a nice stay. Bye.
***
I need a guesthouse rental that has free parking.
Sure, we have 21 guesthouses that offer free parking. Do you have a price range you're looking for or some part of town you want to stay in?
I would like in the cheap price range in the west.
I found one guesthouse that meets that criteria.  It is finches bed and breakfast.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Book it for me and I need the address,thank you.
The address is 144 thornton road. I need to know when your stay is going to be and for how many please?
4 people. Starts from Saturday, 4 nights. 
I am sorry but finches bed and breakfast is solidly booked. Do you want me to search for another guesthouse?
Yes please another hotel in the same price range if possible.
I am not finding any other cheap places to stay in the west. Maybe a better price point? Moderate or expensive maybe?
How about cheap in any area please?
Okay I was able to get you into the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the city center and the reference number is QW52L6EX.
Great, thank you very much for your help!
So glad we were able to get you booked. Have a great day. Good-Bye!
***
I'm looking for a hotel. Something not too expensive...mid range? Oh, and I need free wifi.
Yes, I have three hotels that match that description. Two in the north and one in the centre.
I would like the one in the Centre.
The hotel is Cityroomz. It's address is Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road. It has Internet and no parking. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Do any of those three have a four star rating?
No 2 have 2 star ratings and one has a 0 rating.
Not about to stay at a nasty hotel.  Can you find an expensive hotel with at least a 4 star rating that includes wifi?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is in the center part of town and fits all of your criteria. Would you like to book it?
Let's go for that. Book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting from monday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to find another hotel?
Yes, I would like to try a different hotel that is in the same price range.
I could book you at the university arms. It is in the centre area instead of the west. Would that work for you?
Yes, please book it for 3 people and 2 nights starting from monday.
Alright. I have you booked at the university arms hotel, your reference number is: YSWJOMS1. Anything else I can get you today?
No thank you that is all I need.
Okay great. Well enjoy your stay.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
Hello. I am looking for a hotel with free wifi and free parking.
I have 8 hotels with free wifi and parking.  What price range would you like?
In the expensive price range please.
I have found several hotels. Is there a specific area you are looking for?
I do not care about the area too much.  Could you please make a reservation for 1 person starting Thursday for 5 nights?
I booked a room for you at the Gonville Hotel at Gonville Place. Your reference number is 4ZRJZIVU.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Is the Gonville a good quality hotel?
It is an expensive 3 star hotel.  I'm sure you'll love it.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all, thank you.
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
***
I'm looking for a hotel in the south part of town.
I can help you with that. Do you have a price range?
I don't have a preference. I'm just looking for a 4 star hotel that has free wifi. 
i have 2 locations that match your requirements, one is cheap, one is moderate. which would you prefer?
I guess we can go with the moderately priced one.
Aylesbray Lodge guest house is moderately priced and has free wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is Aylesbray Lodge a guesthouse? If not, is there a guesthouse that fits?
Yes, it is a guesthouse. When would the stay begin and for how long?
I need rooms for 8 peoples staying for two nights starting Wednesday.
Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : 76HG81V6. Anything else I can do for you?
***
I am  looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free wifi
There are 23 guesthouses with free wifi. What price range or area do you prefer?
I would prefer a price range of expensive
It seems that there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range. Can I offer you a different price range or a different type of hotel? 
How about moderate price range with a star of 4?
There are several. Do you have a preference for area?
Area doesn't matter but I need to know if they have free parking
I have discovered 9 choices fitting your description. May I recommend the Archway House? It's on Gilbert Road.
Sounds great, Thank you.
You're welcome. Would you like me to make a reservation in your name?
Yes please make a reservation in my name. Thank you. 
I will need to know the day you will be arriving, the amount of days and for how many people before making the reservation.
I'm sorry I don't need a reservation right now. Can you just tell me if they offer free parking?
Yes, Archway House offers free parking. May I help with something else?
Great, thanks. That is all I needed.
Should I book that for you?
No, I can book myself later.  Thanks.  Good bye.
Thank you for using our services. Do you require any further assistance?
***
I need a four star room, free parking too. 
Are you looking for a hotel? There are 19 4 star hotels that offer free parking. Do you have a price range or area of town you want to stay?
The hotel should be in the West side of town.
There are 3 four star locations to choose from: Finches Bed and Breakfast, the Huntingdon Marriot, and the Cambridge Belfry. The Huntingdon is listed as expensive while the others are cheap.
Could I book the Marriot for 4 people starting on Wednesday? It would be for 5 nights.
Yes, I will book 5 nights at The Marriot for 4 people starting Wednesday. Anything else I can do for you?
May I have the reference number for the booking please?
I apologize but the booking was unsuccessful, the hotel is booked. Do you want me to check one of the other hotels?
Yes a hotel that is near that one.
The cambridge bellfry has availability. Will that do?
I'd prefer something in the same price range as the Marriott. It's all going on an expense report anyway, no reason to be stingy.
I am sorry. The Huntington Marriott is not available for those days. Would you like to try another hotel?
Is there anything in the same price range you could try?
I reserved a room at the expensive 4 star University Arms Hotel.  It is in the city centre though. Reference number is A3SLP7HG. Is there anything else today?
Thank you, that's all I need!
Great. I was happy to help. Good-Bye!
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi,
There are many hotels that match your criteria. Which area of town would you like to stay in?
area of town close to public transportation
Then, that narrows down to 3 hotels in the centre of town. Do you prefer expensive or moderate price range?
I'm not picky. It needs to have free parking, though.
Ashley hotel has free parking, would you like a reservation?
Oh, I'm sorry, I also want to make sure it's got a 4 star rating, at least. Could you confirm that for me please?
Unfortunately Ashley hotel is only 2 stars. There are no 4 star hotels from what I can see. Would you like me to search for 3 star hotels or 5 star?
Yes, can you search for a 5 star please?
I am sorry, there are not 5 stars available. 
Well, I'm not sure what I should so. I guess I should go with the two star place.
How about a three star hotel? I have two that would match your description.
Do you have any 4 star guesthouses available instead? 
Yes, the alexander bread and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the centre. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, but only if they offer free parking. And free wifi. Do they?
Yes, both free wifi and parking is available at this location.
Thank you, could I get the postal code to this hotel, please?
The postcode is cb12de. Shall I book a room for you?
That is all I need for the time being. Thank you so much for the help.
Okay have a great day!
***
Hi I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking and does not need to include wifi.
i have found 29 hotels that meet your criteria. what part of town would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the east, please.
I can book you in the autumn house. would you like me to do that
***
Hi, I'll be coming in to Cambridge and I'd like a place to stay. I'd like a guesthouse with free parking. 
I've got 33 guesthouses that offer free parking, do you have any more preferences?
I'd like it to be in the east, if possible.
There are five guesthouses that offer free parking. 3 are cheap and 2 are moderate. Which pricerange do you prefer?
I'll take a cheap one please.
I found allenbell to meet your needs. Would you like me to book that for you?
No that would be all.
Let me give you their phone number which is 01223210353. Allenbell's address is 517a coldham lane, cb13js. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. I'm all set. Thanks again. 
I remind you that you can check-in in this guesthouse after 3:00 pm. You can leave your suitcases anytime.
Sure, have a fantastic day.
You to.  Good Bye.
***
I'm looking for an upscale guesthouse.
Your are looking for an upscale guesthouse. I can help you with that. There are a few options, what area would you like?
I don't care about the area. All that matters to me is that it has free wifi.
I don't have any upscale guesthouses available. Is there a different price range I can help you find?
Is there any in the cheap price range then?
How about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre?  It is a cheap guesthouse with free WIFI.
Sounds great. I need to be there Saturday and we will be staying 4 nights. 
I am sorry, there is no availability for those dates. Would you like me to try to find another hotel? 
Yes let's try another hotel in the same price range.
I was able to get you into the El Shaddai and your reference number is JG24DZVF.
Thank you so much for your help.
Is there anything else that you need today?
As long as my reservation is for 2 people, we are set. Thank you!
Okay great. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.
Thank you so much. I'm sure I will.
Have a great day! Good-Bye.
***
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
I've found plenty of places with free wi-fi. Is there a certain area you're looking for? Or a certain price range?
It should have a star of 3 and include free parking.
I found 5 hotels with free wifi and free parking. Is there a particular area or price range you prefer?
I'm looking for a hotel in the west with a moderate price range.
I have found no places in the west in the moderate price range with 3 stars. Do you have a different area or price range you would like?
It doesn't have to be in the moderate price range as long as it is a 3 star hotel with free parking. Please suggest one for me. 
The gonville hotel is an 3 star, expensive hotel in the centre of town that has free internet and free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I'd like to book there for 3 people for 4 nights starting Thursday and I would like a reference number.
There is no availability at the Gonville Hotel for those dates. Would you like me to find another hotel? 
Yes.  Please look for any hotels in the same price range
I actually found the Hobsons House which is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse with free parking in the west part of town. Would it be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. The Hobsons House sounds good. 
Your booking was successful and the Reference number is  IYGOHWCR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you so much for your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
***
I am looking for an expensive hotel that includes free parking.
Express by holiday inn cambridge is available and fits your requirements
I also need a place that is on the west side of town and that has free wifi.
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is on the west side of town, is expensive, with a 4-star rating, and free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
I'm not sure. May I have their telephone number first?
Sure thing. The number is 01480446000. Can I help you with anything else today?
No That is all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Please feel free to return to this service if you need anything else.
***
I need to find information on home from home.
Sure, it is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located in the north. Free parking and internet. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please. There will be 2 of us staying for 4 nights, and we'll arrive on Sunday.
I booked you and your Reference number is : LKDT8R8B. Is there anything else?
That is great. Thanks.
Can I help with anything more?
No, that will be all today. Thanks a bunch!
Have a great day!
***
I would like to book a room at the Worth House.
Ok.  For how many nights?
1 person for 3 nights, please. I'll arrive on Tuesday.
Great! Your booking number is DE8SOFFL. How else can I help?
Thanks, that is all I need.
You're very welcome! Have fun!
***
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay on the north end. I'd like a place with free wifi.
Can I get a hotel type you are looking  for?
It needs to be in the moderate price range
There are 8 guesthouses and two hotels meeting your needs. Do  you have a preference as to type?
No, I dont have a preference. I need it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.
Here is the reservation in Avalon guesthouse, the address is 62 gilbert road, post code cb43pd, and the phone is 01223353071.
Thanks thats all I need today,goodbye.
Your welcome and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
***
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi. I would also prefer it to be in a guesthouse
There are a number of options in Cambridge. What area would you prefer to stay in? Price range?
The area isn't too important. But I would like something expensive. 
Unfortunately I can't find any that are expensive. Let's try a different price range.
moderately priced would be fine.
How about the Archway House? It's a 4-star moderately priced guesthouse with both free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, can you book that for 7 people on Saturday?
How many nights?
We'd like to stay for 2 nights, please.
Booking was successful! Can I get anything else for you?
Is there a reference number with that?
Yes, that'll be O6F5S5XY.
Thanks. That's all I needed today.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
***
I need a guesthouse please.
There are 24 different guesthouses available. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the North area. 
There are 5 option in the north. Do you have any other preferences to help narrow down your choice?
I am actually looking for a 4 star rating in an expensive price range. 
I have several hotels available with a 4 star rating but none in an expensive price range.  Would a moderate range work for you?
Is sure would.  Can you book a room for 2 people for 2 nights on Monday?
I booked for you a room at arbury lodge guesthouse. It has parking slots and free wifi. Do you need anything else?
I need a reference number for that booking!
Sure, your reference number is B1IP09IZ.
Wonderful! Good bye!
Glad I could help! Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a 2 star hotel in the north. 
I have two hotels meeting your criteria.  Ashely Hotel located at 74 Chesterton road and Lovell Lodge located at 365 Milton road.	
I would like to book at 74 Chesterton Road.
Great, how many people will be staying? Also, how many days you will be staying?
Wait, before we do that I should probably check on the prices. What sort of room rates am I looking at?
It appears to be in the moderate price range.  Would that work for you?
Yes that would work
Okay great, so how many people will be staying and for how many nights?
There will be 5 people for a total of 4 nights starting from Monday.
I was able to book your stay at ashley motel. Your reference number is KJHYRDCA. Is there anything else today?
Okay thank you for everything.
Thank you, enjoy your stay.
***
I am looking for a cheap hotel that includes free parking.
Ok.  There are 10 hotels that meet those criteria.  What part of town would you prefer?
I WOULD PREFER A NICE PART OF TOWN.
The city centre is nice.  There's alexander bed and breakfast, a 4 star guesthouse that meets your criteria. Woiuld you like me to book a reservation. 
Yes, can you book me for 4 people and 3 nights starting on thursday?
Okay I will make the reservation.
***
Could you help me find the Cambridge Belfry?
The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel. The address is Back Lane, Cambourne and the phone number is cb236bw.
Thank you. Can you book it for me?
Of course. When would you like to stay?
I would like to check in on Saturday for 2 nights.  There will be 4 of us.
Your reservation was successfully made. The reference number is PJ9D98BY. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thank you.
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
***
I'm coming to town for an overdue visit with my relatives. Can you help me find a place to stay?
I can definitely help with that. Are you leaning toward a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a guesthouse with free WiFi.
Acorn Guest House is available.
I really want to stay in the east and be 4-star rated. Does the Acorn fit that?
Sorry, it doesn't. However there are 6 guesthouses that do. Would you prefer something cheap?
The price range doesn't matter. I need to book a room for Monday.
Could you tell me how many nights are you wanting to stay, and with how many people, so I can see what is available?
2 people, for 4 nights.
I was able to book the Allenbell for 2 people for 4 nights. Would that work for you?
Yes, thank you! What is the reference number?
Your reference number is KT4UG66C.
Thanks so much.  I am all set.  Bye.
Awesome. Please enjoy your stay. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a high priced hotel in the north side of town
I'm sorry, but there aren't any places that meet those qualifications.  Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about an expensive hotel in the south side of town?
There is one option, it is The Lensfield Hotel. Do you want me to reserve any rooms for you?
Does it offer free wifi?
Yes the Lensfield Hotel does have free wifi.
How about free parking, does it have that as well?
Yes it also has free parking. Anything else today?
book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from monday.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is 81E1ITXC. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that is all I need. Thank you for your time.
we appreciate you using our services. have a good day.
***
I need to find a hotel in the west of town and have at least a 4 star rating.
Both the Huntingdon Marriot and the Cambridge Belfry fit that criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Do either of them include free Wifi?
Yes they do and free parking as well.
I need to book for 3 people on monday and will be staying for 3 nights, can you book that for me please?
I was able to book the Huntingdon Marriott for 3 people Monday for 3 nights. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, may I have the reference number for the booking?
yes you may. your reference number is JQGVOECL. is there anything else that i may assist you with?
Address and phone number please .
The Huntingdon Marriott is at Kingfisher Way, Hinchingbrook Business Park, Huntingdon. Their number is 01480446000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was great. Thank you goodbye!
You're welcome. Have a nice day. 
***
Can you find me a 3 star hotel in the centre?
The Gonville Hotel meets your requirements. Would you like me to book you a room?
Does it have free wifi? I need wifi.
Yes, they do offer free internet. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes. I want to book it for 1 person. I want to stay for 5 nights starting from Wednesday. 
I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful,can I help you find another place to stay?

Yes please. Another 3-star hotel in the centre with free wifi.
I do not have another 3 star hotel in the centre that meets your requirements. Would you like to try another area?
Do you have any hotels in the same price range as the Gonville Hotel?
The only other hotel that matches your requirements is the lensfield hotel located in the south. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please book a room there.
Great your booking was successful Your reference number is 9GBHVFZW. Anything else today?
Thank you for all of your help.
Your welcome. Have a good day.
***
I need to find a 4 star hotel that also has free parking.
I have 19 places to stay with 4 stars and parking, which area would you prefer? 
I would like to be in the north area.
There are no hotels that fit your criteria. However, there are 7 guesthouses available. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Are there any guesthouses with free wifi?
Yes, all 7 guesthouses have internet available. What price range are you looking for?
Oh, cool.  It really doesn't matter.  Which would you recommend?
How about Acorn Guest House?
How much per night?
It is moderately priced. I don't have an exact price. 
OK, I don't need a room right now, but can I have the post code and phone number for Acorn?
Sure.  Postcode cb41da and phone number 01223353888.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Bye!
Thank you, have a great day.
***
I need a 4 star place to stay.
What area would you like to stay in?
I want it in the north, and it should include free parking.
I have a few places, do you have a price range in mind?
Can you please recommend one for me?
I think the acorn guest house is lovely!
please book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.
Yes, I was able to book your guesthouse reservation. Your reference number is NVDLG2QR. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all. Thank you.
Happy to be of service, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free wifi
Try the a and b guest house or arbury lodge guesthouse
Are either of those in the cheap price range?
In what section of town are you looking to stay? I have 8 different lodgings that fit your requirements.
I am not really picky.
I would like the arbury lodge guesthouse  
Is it cheap?
No, but the alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap range and has wifi. It's in the centre of town. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
That sounds good, yes. I need 4 nights booked for me, beginning Friday and for 7 people. 
I'm sorry. Alexander bed and breakfast is fully booked. Do you want to book starting another day or for a shorter stay?
Yes, 3 nights please and can I have a reference number
I've booked that reservation. The reference number is 1G6A07OI. Can I assist with something else?
No, I've got everything I need. I appreciate your help.
Great, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
***
Hi, can you help me find a place to stay? I'd like a hotel on the north side, please. 
The Acorn Guest House is a 4-star guesthouse in the North. It has free parking and wifi, and is in the moderate price range. Would you like a room?
That sounds like what I am looking for.  Yes, I'd like to book a room.
Great! When would you like to stay?
I would like to book a room for 3 days starting Tuesday. There is a total of 3 people.
Sorry, they don't have those dates available. Would you like me to try for other days or another location?
Can you try for just 1 night then?
Sorry, the Acorn is not open then, shall I try somewhere else that fits your criteria?
Yes, whatever you can find.
Good news, The Acorn just opened up for one night. Your reference number is UKMNFD3Q.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks, I think that's all I need right now. Bye
Glad I could help.  Have a nice stay.  Bye.
***
I'd like to find a moderately priced hotel on the east side.
Unfortunately, there are no hotels meeting your needs. However, there are three moderate price guesthouses in the east. Are you interested in more information?
Sure. Do any of those have free parking?
Yes, Carolina B&B and Warkworth House both have free parking. 
Could you give me the address and postcode of the Warkworth House please?
Absolutely. It is in Warkworth Terrace, postcode cb11ee.
Thank you, that will be all.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.
***
Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse on the westside to stay.
I am sorry I have no guest houses in the west. Can I look one up in another area for you?
Are there any other places like that that also have free parking in that area?
I have found one that is cheap with 4 stars, and one that is moderately priced with 3 stars? Do either of those sound appealing to you?
The cheap one with the better rating sounds appealing.
Great! That's Finches Bed and Breakfast. It's located at 144 Thornton Road cb30nd. Would you like to book a stay?
Please book it for Friday,thank you.
Can you please tell me how many people will be staying and for how many nights?
Yes, 3 people for 5 nights starting on monday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another hotel?

Yes, in the same price range please.
Worth House in the North is 4 stars and cheap. Would you like to try it?
The amount of stars do not matter as long as it is in the same price range Does Worth House in the North  include free parking?
Okay well I was able to book you at The Worth House and your reference number is 86XVFEUY.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You are welcome. Also for your reference the Worth House does have free parking. May I help you with anything else?
No thanks. Thanks again for your help.
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
***
Hello there! Can you tell me if there are any 4-star hotels or guesthouses in Cambridge that are cheap?
There are 21 locations, do you have any other requirements?
I am hoping it is a guesthouse
  There are 7 guesthouses meeting your requirements. Is there a particular area you wish to stay in?
No, as long as it's cheap and have 4 stars. Can you recommend me one and book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting Thursday?
Sure the Autumn House is a personal favorite. Your booking was successful. 
Great. What was the reference number for the booking?
Yes, it's 1GFITCAU.
OK. Thanks for your help. I look forward to the stay.
Wonderful.  Have a nice time. Can I reserve a taxi for you?
No, that is all thanks.
Then, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free wi-fi. 
I have found many options, is there a price range you were looking for?
It should be in the moderate price range with free parking
I have 12 such places. I'd suggest the Acorn Guest House, which has 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
Howe about the archway house, they have rooms. Your reference number is VCECU7M4. Is that okay?
Yes, that's perfect! Thank you so much for your help.
Thanks for calling. Have a great day!
***
Can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay at?
We have nine cheap guest houses. All offer free internet and free parking. Some have 0 star ratings and others have 4 stars. What sounds good to you?
Great, I want one with 4 Stars.
There are several that meet that criteria. I can recommend the Autumn House in the East of the city.
Sure. Please book a reservation for two people, Saturday, two nights. 
Autumn House is full.  Can I try to reserve one of the other ones for you?
Yes, try another place as long as it is still in the cheap price range.
How about allenbell? Your reference number is 2SUPQQPL.
That will work,thank you for booking it,goodbye.
Thank you and goodbye.
***
I need a hotel in the south with free wifi.
I have a cheap guesthouse, 2 moderately priced guesthouses, and 1 expensive hotel - do you have a preference?
Can you tell me if the cheap one has a star rating? 
Yes, that would be Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. It has a 4-star rating and offers free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book you a room? 
Yes, please book a room for 5 people.
What day and how long should I book this for?
Please book it on Thursday, for 5 people, and 3 days.
Your booking was successful. Reference numbr is Y113FEV7. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That will be all, thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
***
Hi there. Can you tell me if you have any information on the Bridge Guest House?
Yes, it is on the south side of town in the moderate price range. Do you need more information?
Yes can I get the hotel type and phone number?
Certainly. It's a guest house. The phone number is 01223247942.
That is all I needed. Thank you!
Okay.  Let us know if you need further assistance.
***
I'm in the south part of town and it's getting late. Can you tell me what local hotels there might be for me to stay at?
I have several options for you. I have one hotel and the other 3 are guesthouses. All have free wifi and parking. Do you prefer a certain price range?
I would like to book the Hotel please?
Would you like to stay at Rosa's? It's a cheap guesthouse. 
No, like I said, I would prefer the hotel.  Can you please check availability for me at the hotel? I want Sunday and Monday nights for three people.
Your booking for the lensfield hotel was successful. Your reference number is CB8VVF4M. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes two more things, can I confirm the reference number as CB8VVF4M?  Also, I want to make sure that the have free Wi-fi.  
Your reference number is indeed CB8VVF4M. They also have free wifi.
Ok.  Thanks.  That's all I needed.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre today, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
***
I'm in search of a place to stay. A hotel, please, with free parking.
Yes there are many, can I get the area and price range you are looking for in the hotel?
It would be great if it included wifi and was in the north.
I show 2 hotels that meet that criteria.  Would you like more details on them?
Yes please,parking and WiFi and Car Rental.
Both hotels have parking and wifi, would you like to book one?
Yes. I need the reference number too
Please tell me the day you will be checking in, how many people and how many nights?
Friday, 5 nights, beginning this friday. 
I also need to know the number of people staying please.
There will be 3 people.
The Ashley Hotel's book was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try Lovell Lodge?
Yes, as long as it's in the same price range. 
The Lovell Lodge is in the same price range, and I was able to book that for you. Ref#T03205PR. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything, thank you.
Sure. Enjoy your stay, goodbye!
***
Hello, I am looking for a hotel in the north part of town. The hotel needs to include free parking.
How about arbury lodge guesthouse? It's moderately priced.
That sounds great! Can you tell me more about it?
The Arbury Lodge has 4 stars and is located at 82 Arbury road, in the north. They offer both free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book for 4 nights starting Wednesday. There will be 8 of us. 
You are booked and your reference number is NY842ATU. Can I help you with anything else today?
That should do it! Thank you! 
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in over the weekend. I don't need internet or free parking.
How about the Avalon?
The Avalon sounds good.  What is the address?
The Avalon is located at 62 Gilbert Road, CB43PD.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No, I don't need to book right now, but thanks. That's all for today. Goodbye.
Okay goodbye have a nice day!
***
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
I have a listing for arbury lodge guesthouse in the north of town, is that okay?
What is its rating. I need a 4 star hotel?
Yes it is 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes I need a room booked for 8 people. We will be there for 3 nights starting on Friday.
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to find you another guesthouse?
Yes please could you try a different hotel in the same price range?
Is there a price range you would like to stay within?
Yes, the same price range as the Arbury Lodge please.
You are booked at limehouse. Reference number: ZUP4YPXA.
Okay great. That is all I need.
Sounds wonderful. I hope you have a great day.
***
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in that has free parking.
I have 21 guesthouses that fit that criteria. Is there a particular area of the city you would like to stay in?
No but can you find one in the moderate price range?
The Acorn Guest House has a 4 star rating and has both free internet and parking.  Can I book a stay for you?
No.What other Hotels are nearby ?
The guesthouses in the north are arbury lodge guesthouse, archway house, hamilton lodge, home from home, Kirkwood house and limehouse.
Go ahead and book the Archway House please and I need a reference number.
What size party and how long will your stay be?
There will be two of us staying 4 nights from Wednesday.
Unfortunately, we were unable to book that guesthouse. Should we try one of the other guesthouses?
Yes, lets try one of the others.
I was able to book the acorn guesthouse and your reference number is BJ3CL2QU.
Okay thank you. That is all I need.
Okay great. Enjoy your stay.
***
I need a moderately priced guest house.
There are 15 moderately priced guesthouses. Do you have any specific needs, such as area, or internet access, or parking? What star rating would you prefer?
Yes I want free wifi and the rating should have 4 stars.
Acorn house is on the north side, has a 4-star rating and is in the moderate price range. They have free WIFI. What dates do you need?
I need booking from 1 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday.
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have a room available. Would you like me to try a different one?
yes, please try a different hotel in the same price range.
I have successfully booked you a room for 1 person and 4 nights starting on Wednesday at the archway house. They are located at 52 gilbert road.
Can you give me a reference number to check in with?
Reference number is 4D968P9B.

Thank you for your help!
You are welcome! Enjoy your stay.
Thank you I'm sure I will.
Great thank you.
***
Are there any guesthouses with free parking?
Yes, there are 21 guesthouses with free parking. Is there an area of town or price range that you prefer? 
I would like something in the centre that is cheap
Alexander bed and breakfast and el shaddai are both available. 
Can you book Alexander Bed and Breakfast for me?  I have 8 people and would like to stay 5 nights, starting Thursday.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is IY4GSCGL. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all I need.  Thank you for your help.  Bye.
Have a great stay! Goodbye! 
***
Hey! I'm coming into town and I need a guesthouse style of lodging on the south of town. 
I have 3 for you to choose from. Two of them are moderately priced, and one is cheap. All offer free wifi and parking. Do you have a preference on price?
Not at this time.  I'll talk it over with my wife.  Can you just give me the name of the moderate one?
There are two moderately-priced guesthouses to choose from. One is The Aylesbray Lodge and the other is The Bridge.
Okay, how many stars do they have? 
Aylesbray Lodge has 4 stars, and the Bridge Guest House has 3.
That sounds good. Thank you.
Would you like me to book either of them?
No, we're going to talk it over and reserve at a later date. Thanks for your help though.
Ok, The Bridge House is only 3 stars, and the Aylesbray is 4, if that makes a difference to your wife.  Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all.
Have a nice day, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and doesn't need to include internet
There are many guesthouses that meet your criteria. Do you have a pricerange in mind?
I'm looking for something that would be in the middle price point.
I have located 15 guesthouse types in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference for a particular area of town?
Maybe the south?
We have two in the south, a 4 star and a 3 star.  Do you have a preference?
I don't care about that.
How about the bridge guest house?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes the bridge guest house has free wifi. Can I book it for you?
Yes. There will be six of us staying for two nights.
What day did you want to check in?
We are actually checking in starting on Tuesday.
I was able to book the Bridge Guest House for 6 people starting Tuesday for 2 nights. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can i have a reference number please?
Of course.  Reference number COIMDB7B.  Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I need for today. Thank you!
Thank you as well, let us know if you need help with anything else.
***
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi, but it doesn't need to have free parking.
I have 3 hotels in the city that meet your request. Are you looking for a certain area of the city?
I need a hotel in the east.
I have A and B Guest House in the east. Does that sound good? I can help you book a room there if you'd like.
Yes that will be fine. Book the room for 8 and for 5 nights on wednesday.
I'm sorry, we were not able to book a room at that hotel. Would you like us to try booking another hotel?
Okay sure. Try another hotel in the same price range.
Okay, you're booked at Avalon with reference number 7U6TURWS. May I help with anything else?
That was all that I needed, thank you!
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
***
I want to find a hotel to stay in located in the centre
How about cityroomz? it is in the moderate price range.
Can you help me find a hotel in the cheap price range that includes free wifi?
There are no results for a cheap hotel with free wifi in the centre area. Would you like to try a different area or guesthouse?
Try a guesthouse please.
how about alexander bed and breakfast?
Is it cheap? I don't have much money. And do they have free wifi?
Yes, it is cheap, do you need a booking, or just information?
Just information for now, can you please give me the address? 
The address for alexander bed and breakfast is 56 saint barnabas road.  Do you have any additional questions?
That is all I needed. Thank you!
You are very welcome. Good day!
***
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay in the north part of town
We have 11 to choose from. Do you have preferred quality?
Yes, I'd like a 3 star place. It doesn't need to have free parking.
Okay, the hamilton lodge fits those conditions.  Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. Book me a stay for 7 people and 5 nights starting from Saturday.
The hamilton lodge guesthouse does have free parking, is that okay? There is the alpha-milton guest house in the north, it' 3 stars, moderately priced and doesn't offer parking.
The Alpha Milton guest house sounds better. Please book a room there. 
I have that booked, the reference code is 8EPNPVVM. Anything else?
No that is it ,thanks.
Ok thank you for using our service & have a good day!
***
Hey I'm looking for a hotel that has free parking, can you find one?
Sure, there are quite a few hotels that offer parking. Any particular area or price range you looking for?
I am looking for one in the expensive price range
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel I believe would be fine. Thank you.
Is the huntingdon marriott a hotel with free parking, expensive and a 0 star.If so, that would be great.
How many nights will you be staying and for how many people?
Two guests will be staying for 4 nights beginning on Monday.
I'm sorry I could not book you there. Could we try another hotel?
Yes please but it needs to be in the same price range.
I don not have anything in the same price range in the West. Would you like to try another part of town or different price range?
Yes one in the same price range.
I have an Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Would you like me to try to book you there?
Yes, if you could. That would be great.
That one was successful! Your reference number is 057SX3X0.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!
Let me know if you would my assistance. Goodbye!
***
I am looking for a hotel with free parking in the North.
There are 11 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow them down by price range?
Are any of those 11 guesthouses?
Yep there are 5 guesthouses. Do you wanna just try acorn guest house?
Does it offer free wifi?
Yes, it does have internet.
Okay. Please help me book this guesthouse.
What day, number of nights, and number of people would you like to book for?
I do not have all of that information at this time. Can I talk to you again when I know more?
Yes that is all right.
Thank you for your help!
It's my pleasure. Have a nice trip!
***
Is there a place on the east side of town with free parking?
There are 6 hotels on the east side with free parking. Do you have a price preference?
I'd like it to be somewhere that's really cheap, and I'd really prefer a guesthouse if one is available.
How about the Autumn House, it is a guesthouse that is cheap in the east?
Yes, please make a reservation for 1 person, 3 nights, starting from Thursday.
I have made your reservation at the Autumn House. Your reference number is HWVZ52NK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, thanks.
All right, Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
***
I'm looking to get some information on the alpha-milton guest house
The Alpha-Milton guesthouse in the north and moderately priced.  Would you like to book a room?
Not yet, but can you tell me the postcode for this guesthouse?
The postcode is cb41xa. Can I help with anything else?
No, thanks. That's all I needed. Have a great day. Bye!
You're welcome.  Thank you for calling.  Have a nice day.
***
I'm looking for a cheap place to stay that does not need free parking.
I found 10 places, do you have a hotel style preference of gueshouse or hotel, or an area you prefer?
I don't have a preference for the type but I would like a place in the east.
There are three cheap guesthouses in the east area, however, they all have parking. Will this be okay, or would you like to look at a different area or price?
It sounds fine. Do any of them include free wifi?
All of them include free wifi.
What's the phone number and star rating of your favorite one?
Allenbell is my favorite. It has four stars. The phone number is 01223210353. Shall I book that for you?
That'd be great. Thank you.
You're welcome. How many people are in your party, and when will you arrive? Also, how long would you like to stay?
I will book on my own, thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Im finished.
Okay. Have a good day.
***
I'm looking for an economy hotel in the west.
There is 1 guesthouse and 1 hotel in the cheap price range. Which would you prefer?
I would like a hotel that offers free parking.
The Cambridge Belfry meets that criteria. Would like to me to help you book a reservation?
Yes, I've got a group of six and we want to stay for three nights starting on Friday.
Ok, booking you three nights for 6 people starting Friday.
Thank you, I will just need a reference number for the booking.
The Cambridge Butterfly is not open then, shall I try another?
Yes please find another hotel in the same price range for me.
I have you booked into the Finches Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is C12WFP62. Is there anything else I can do for your today?
No, thank you. That's all I need. 
Thank you. Don't hesitate to call again and enjoy your stay.
Thank you and have a great day.
You have a good day too
***
I'm looking for a place to stay in the center of town that has free wifi. 
I have five matches for your requirements. Do you have preferences for price range or quality ratings? For example, the Alexander B&B is inexpensive, but rated 4 stars.
By chance, is that a guesthouse? And does it offer free wifi and parking?
Yes, the Alexander B&B is a guest house, and offers both free WiFi and free parking.
Wonderful. Can you book a room for 6 people coming in on Friday for 5 nights?
That booking was successful, your reference number is 3KW6V911. Is there anything else I can help do for you?
Thanks, that's all I need today. Bye.
Thank you booking with us. Have a great stay.
***
Hi, how are you?  Can you help me find an expensive place to stay that includes free wifi?
We have 5 such places! Any preference on area?
Yes, I need a hotel in the north, close to the airport, thanks.
Unfortunately, there are no expensive hotels in the north that include free wifi. Would you like to change your criteria?
Well, can you check in other areas?
I recommend either the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west or the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Would one of them work for you?
Could you give me the phone number of the Marriott please?
The phone number for the huntingdon marriott hotel is 01480446000. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all. Thank you!
You're very welcome. Have a wonderful stay!
***
I'm looking for a 4-star place that's moderately priced.
I can help you finding a room that suits your needs. I have about 11 different options. Can you tell me what area of town you prefer? 
The east would be best.
There are three options, two of which have both free parking and free wifi. Would you like to book at one of them?
I do need free wifi. 
How about the carolina bed and breakfast? They have free wifi. I can book for you.
No. I may decide later. Could I get the address though.
The address is 138 perne road and the postcode is cb13nx. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No I think that will be all, thanks.
Great. Have a great day.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should be in the north
Okay. There is a 0 star place, and a 4 star place. Which do you prefer?
I don't care as long as it's cheap.
I think the Worth House is your best bet!
alright. book that one for me
Are you booking for one person? When is your arrival and how long is your stay, please.
Yes, only one person. I will be arriving on Sunday, for one night.
I'm sorry I don't have anything for Sunday night. Would you like to try a different hotel?
I don't need a booking after all, sorry. Are there any cheap guesthouses in the north with free wifi? 
Yes, there i the worth house and also city centre north b and b. Would you like me to book you a room at either one?
Please book a guesthouse. Can i also get the star rating and the postcode?
I have booked you at worth house. It is a 4 star accommodation, and the postcode is cb41da.  Do you have any further questions?
No, that will be all.  Thank you for your assistance.
You're welcome. Have a good time.
***
Hello. I am coming into town and would like help finding a play to stay. 
I can definitely help with that. Let me find out some more information so I can find you the perfect fit. What area of town would you like to stay?
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking
We have 21 guesthouses with free parking. Do you need a certain area of town?
No, but I would like for it to be moderately priced. Could you recommend a place?
There are quite a number of them.  If you'd like a 4-star rated guesthouse at the south end of town, I could recommend the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House.
That will work fine. Could you make a reservation for 3? I'd like it for 5 nights starting Saturday. 
Sure.  Your reference number is PFGJJSBO.  Anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
Thank You for calling us today. Goodbye.
***
I need a hotel on the north side with free parking.
Okay, there are 11 places to stay that might work. Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I'd prefer a moderate price guesthouse. 
That leaves us with about 7 options. Can I suggest the Acorn Guest  House? It is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the north.
That sounds fine. Would you make a reservation for 4 people, 3 nights starting Monday?
Your booking was successful and reference number is 3ZYK9LO1. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
No, that about covers it. Thanks for your help today.
You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
***
I need a place to stay that has free wifi please.
There are 32 available hotels with free wifi, do you have any other requirements?
Do you have a one in the centre that is a 3 star?
The Gonville Hotel meets this criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Is it a guesthouse?
No it is not.  There aren't any three star guesthouses in the centre of town.  Would you be open to a different star rating?
Are there any guesthouses in the west?
hobsons house is in the West.Would you like me to book it for you ?
***
I'm looking for an expensive place to stay with free parking please.
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel with free parking. Their phone number is 01223866800.
Is it a guesthouse? I'd really like a guesthouse with 3 stars, if possible.
Unfortunately, I can't find a 3-star expensive guesthouse with free parking. Would you like me to find something else?
How about a hotel instead of a guesthouse? 
Sure, The Lensfield hotel is in the south.  It is very nice, can I book it for you?
First, can you give me the phone number, postcode, and tell me if they have internet?
The Lensfield does have free wifi. Their phone number is 01223355017 and their postcode is cb21en.
That is perfect, thank you for your help. Goodbye.
Let us know if you have any more questions!
***
Can you find me a place to say in the centre that includes free wifi?
I can recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast. It is a guesthouse in the cheap price range.
Are there any in the moderate price range?
I have the Cityroomz hotel which is in the moderate range with internet and no parking.  Would you like to book this hotel?
Yes please I need a booking for 4 people and 2 nights starting from friday.
That on is not open then, shall I try another?
How about a different hotel in the same price range?
How about the el shaddai, they have free internet and free parking?
That will be fine.
Great news! Your booking was successful and I have a reference number for you. It is PL4JEQ9A.
Thank you for your help.
You are very welcome. Please enjoy your stay.
Thank you very much. I will.
Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.
***
I need a hotel in the south
The lensfield hotel is in the south. Do you want me to book it for you?
does it include free parking?
Yes the Lensfield Hotel does have parking.  Would you like me to book it?
Thank you goodbye
It's been my pleasure. Have a great stay in Cambridge.
***
 I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called city centre north b and b
City centre north b and b is a guesthouse in the north and is in the cheap price range. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please.  I need reservations for eight people starting this Wednesday and we need it for three nights.
I'm sorry. The booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to change the number of nights or the starting day?
Could you start the booking on Saturday?
Booking was successful.
Reference number is : KA34QUWB.
That's all I need, thank you!
Thank you goodbye
***
Could you help me find a cheap hotel in the center of town?
I have two options to offer you, the 4 star Alexander Bed and Breakfast and the unrated El Shaddai. Would you like me to book you a room at one?
Great can you find one with free parking and a 0 star rating
The El Shaddai meets your needs.  Would you like to book a room?
At the moment, can I just get the postcode and it is a hotel?
Sure, the postcode is cb11eg.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I just want to confirm that it is actually a hotel, as opposed to a guesthouse?
El Shaddai is a guesthouse, not a hotel.
Are there any hotels that are cheap in the centre of town that include free parking with 0 stars?
Nope, just el shaddai, a guesthouse. Sorry!
Actually that is fine. Thank you for your help. 
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, I am all set.  Good bye.
Thank you, have a good day, goodbye.
***
Can I get some help locating a room for the night?
Absolutely. What type of lodging did you have in mind?
I am looking for a guesthouse with free wifi and parking, please.
You're in luck, there are a great number of guesthouses that might work. Did you have an area in mind?
I don't care about the area. Which one do you suggest? 
How about the Acorn Guest House?
That sounds great! I need a reservation just for me for 5 nights starting on Thursday.
I have that booked, the reference number is LULJ5N6X.
Thank you that is all , bye bye.
You're welcome! Goodbye!
***
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay in the south that has free parking.
Do you have a price range?
No, but I need free wifi, too.
We have 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel that fit your needs. Would you like to stay in a hotel or a guesthouse?
A hotel please. I would like to book it for 6 people for 5 nights starting Friday. I will need a reference number too.
All right, I've booked you a room at The Lensfield Hotel. The reference number is YTMC5LL4. What else can I do for you? 
That's all I need, thanks. Bye.
Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking for a cheap hotel on the east side of the city. Can you recommend anything?
The Allenbell is a good choice for you. Would you like more information on the Allenbell?
Yes, does it have free parking?
Yes, it does! Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I'll need the address, postcode, and whether they have internet also.
Yes, the Allenbell has Internet. The address is 517a Coldham Lane and the postcode is cb13js. What are your travel details?
That's all I need for now.  I think I will wait to actually book a room.  Thank you!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
Have you ever heard of a hotel called the Ashley Hotel?
I have. The Ashley Hotel is a moderately priced, 2 star hotel on the north side. Can I get you any more information?
Do they have free parking? And what is their hotel type?
They are a hotel with free parking and free wifi! Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I was just looking for information, thanks though!
Okay, well, did you need anything else today?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
You are welcome, have a great day!
***
Hi, could you help me find a 3 star guesthouse? 
I have 4 guesthouses with 3 stars, which area would you like me to search? 
Thanks! You are so nice. I need the guesthouses in the west. It doesn't matters if there is not free parking.
I have one that fits. It's the Hobsons House located in the west. It's 3-star rated and offers free wifi and parking. It's also moderately priced. Would you like a room?
Yes, that all sounds good. I would like to book it.
I can definitely assist you, how many people are there and how many days will you need to be booked for.  
I just need the phone number and postcode from the Hobsons.
Their number is 01223304906 and the postcode is cb39lh.  Anything else?
Thank you so much for all your help today. Good bye.
You're welcome! Goodbye!
***
I need a cheap room, free parking. 
I have 10 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you have a preferred area of town?
No I dont have a preferred area. It doesnt need to have internet.
How about the Allenbell in the east or the alexander bed and breakfastin the North? Both are guest houses. There's also the the cambridge belfry hotel in the West. 
Any one of them will do. As long as it has free wifi please.
What night will you begin your stay and how many nights will you be staying?
I need to book a hotel for just myself. It will be for three nights starting from Tuesday.
I was able to book you at the Alexander bed and breakfast. Reference number 3AUURSZJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Okay Glad I could be of help.
***
I need a place to stay that is cheap.
I found a 4 star hotel in the east area that is cheap. It's called the allenbell, would you like me to book it for you?
I actually want a 0 star location and with free parking too
Sorry there are no hotels that meet that criteria. Can I try a different area for you?
I don't care what part of town it is in.
The El Shaddai is a guesthouse in the centre of town. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure. There will be 5 people for 5 nights and we will be arriving on Wednesday.
Your booking was successful. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the reference number?
Reference number is : YBUKJ2IZ. Would you like restaurant reservations or information on area attractions?
Nope, that's it.  Thanks!
Glad I could help. Thank you
***
I'm looking for a cheap hotel.
alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse east of Cambridge center that is cheap, would you like more information?
Does it have a star of 4. I don't care if it has free parking.
Alexander bed and breakfast does have a 4 star rating, would you like help to book a room? 
Actually, you mentioned its in the east. I really prefer something in the centre of town thats cheap and 4-star rated. It can be a guesthouse or hotel. 
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the centre of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes. I'm travelling with my family, so I need a room for 7 people for 4 nights, arriving Thursday. 
Sorry, that booking was unavailable. Perhaps you'd like a different day or a shorter stay?
Can you see if they have just 2 nights available?
I'm sorry, that time is not available. Can we try a short length of stay or different day? 
Are you sure the Alexander is in the centre? You said earlier that it's in the east.
Yes, it's in the centre.
Please double check and make sure the booking is good.
Yes, I was able to book that. The reference number is U0JT0YZ8. DO you need anything else?
That is all for today. Thank you.
No problem. I'm glad I could help.
***
I am looking for a hotel to stay at located in the centre.
Ok. There are 3 hotels located in the centre of town. They are in the moderate and expensive price ranges. Do you have a preference?
I would like expensive, please.
The Gonville Hotel has 3 stars, and the University Arms Hotel has 4. Both meet your other criteria. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
Yes, you can.  I'll try the Gonville.
I'll be happy to do that for you. How many people are in your party?
Please book for 4 people.
What is your arrival day and number of days you wish to stay?
I will be arriving on Sunday and staying for 3 nights. And there will be 2 people, not 4.
Okay, your room is reserved. The reference number is SWVV72FS. Is there anything else I can help with? 
No that's all. Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
I would like to get information on the bridge guest house.
I can definitely help with that. It's moderately priced and is located in the south. They offer free wifi and parking. Would you like help booking a room with them?
Thanks! I will book the hotel for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Monday.
The booking was successful! Your reference number is 6NEWYJ6Y. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all for me today. Goodbye!
Okay.  Glad we could help!
***
I'd like to find a place to stay.
Okay. let's narrow down your options. Which area of town do you prefer? 
North part of town 
We have 11 guesthouses and 2 hotels in the north area. Do you need a certain price range?
I would like something in the moderate range.
home from home is moderately priced, has 4 stars, and has free internet and parking. Would you like to book?
Yes, eight people starting Thursday lasting for four nights.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is K73WLZ8H. Do you need anything else?
That should do it. Thank you!
Thank you and please remember us for your future travel needs.
***
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap hotel to stay at in the east.
I have three guesthouses that match your criteria. May I recommend the Allenbell?
Okay what is the address?
Allenbell is at 517A Coldham Lane. Would you like me to help you book a room there?
Yes. Please. Three people, wednesday, two nights. 
Unfortunately booking was unsuccessful.
Okay, what other hotels are there in the same price range?
Autumn house	is in the cheap price range as well if you'd like to try that.
Yes please try that.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is LGTAR2R. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for all of your help.  That is all I need for today.  Bye.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
Hi, I am looking for a 4 star hotel or guesthouse that includes free wifi. Can you help me?
Sure thing, looks like we have several options here. Do you want to stay in a certain part of town, or do you have a price range you're looking for?
I might, but first do they have free parking?
I have 19 places that meet your needs, all with free wifi and free parking. If you're not picky about area, I recommend the Archway House.
Okay sounds great. Can you give me the address, phone number, and price range?
The Archway House is in the moderate price range. Their address is 52 gilbert road. The phone number is 01223575314. Do you need any other information?
Thank you. That'll do it for today, Bye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I need a place to stay in the east that has free wifi available.
I found 7 hotels in the east that have free wifi. What is your price range?
It doesn't matter about the price. I would like it to be a guesthouse though, if that's possible.
I have 5 gueshouses. All located in the east. How many am I booking for and when?
Any one would be fine can I get a room for 1 person for 2 nights starting tuesday?
Booking was unsuccessful at autumn house. Do you want to find another hotel?
Yes one in the same price range.
Great news! I was able to book you into the Allenbell and your reference number is SOPAP2OX.
Thank you! Can you give me the address and the phone number for them?
Yes,. their address is 517a coldham lane and the phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, I'm all set. Goodbye!
Please feel free to contact us again for further assistance. Good-bye.
***
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay in town. I'd like a place with free parking and a 2 star rating, please.
Ashley hotel is in the north part of town and has a 2 star rating and parking.
Is it a hotel or guesthouse? 
The Ashley is a hotel. It's on the north end of town. Would you like to make a reservation here or should we keep looking?
That's fine. Can you book it for 2 people for 2 nights, starting from Thursday?
Sure!  Your reference number is VEPGFLTA.  Anything else?
No thank you. I appreciate all your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
***
I'm trying to find the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
I have the Alexander B & B located on 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Would you like me to assist you in making a reservation? 
Yes please. There will be 7 of us, and we'll be arriving Thursday. We want to stay 5 nights.
The hotel is booked. The reference number is 5GTAJA8K.
Thank you! That's all I needed.
I am glad I was able to help you. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
***
Hi there. Can I get some help finding a hotel or guesthouse please? 
Sure thing! What side of town would you prefer? What price range would you like? 
I need one in the moderate price range. I would like one that doesn't have free parking.
There are 3 guesthouses and a hotel.  Do you have a star rating that you enjoy staying at?
No not in particular. 
I have four hotels. Do you know the area you would like to stay?
I'd prefer a guesthouse in the north, please.
I've got two options. The Alpha-Milton and the Avalon. Would you like me to book a room at either one?
Yes. The Apha-Milton sounds nice. Try that one, please.
I'd be happy to make your reservation for you. When would you like to arrive and how many are in your party?
There are 3 of us and we're arriving on Thursday. We'd like to stay for 4 nights if possible.
Your reservation is all set. Your reference number is 89S3ZAGS.
Thank you. That's all I need today.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
***
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 3 and should be in the moderate price range
I have 4 results for a moderate 3 star guesthouse, what area are you looking to stay in?
I'm not too particular about which particular area I say in, but I do need free parking. 
The Hamilton Lodge is a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range, it has free parking. Would you like me to book that for you? 
No, I just need the address, please.
The address is 156 chesterton road.
That's all I need, thank you!!
welcome next time
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.

Thank you for using our services.
***
Can you help me find a hotel called Alpha-Milton Guest House?
Sure. It's at 63 milton road. Would you like the phone number?
Can you book me a reservation for four people for four nights starting Monday?
Your reservation is all set. Your reference number is 4R3BMWNK.
Thank you very much for your help and have a great day.
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
***
