I am looking for a particular restaurant. It is called pizza hut city centre.
It's a cheap italian place in the centre at Regent Street City Centre cb21ab. The phone number is 01223323737. Would you like more info?
That sounds like just the place! Can you book me a table for 2 at 19:45 on Thursday?
You're all set. I've got a table for 2 at 19:45 this Thursday. Your reference number is F3K2PQZZ.
Ok sounds good. Thank you!
You are welcome.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all. Thank you for your help! 
You're welcome. Have a great day.
***
I am looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.
There is an expensive Italian restaurant named Frankie and Bennys at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like to go there or choose another? 
Great yeah that sounds great can you book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on Sunday?
Unfortunately there are no tables available, please try another day or time slot.
How about 10:30 on sunday? And may I have a reference number?
I was able to book a table for 5 at 10:30 on Sunday. Your reference number is MBC9E6AL. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
I need the address of an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
Would you prefer British, Indian, or Chinese food, or a gastropub?
I don't have a preference. 
The grafton hotel restaurant serves british food, is in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes, please give me their address.
Their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
thank you, goodbye. 
You're welcome. Goodbye!
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address and food?
da vinci pizzeria serves Italian food and is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton or royal spice serves Indian food and is on Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Thank You
Thank you, goodbye
***
Are there any Portuguese restaurants in Cambridge?
Yes there is a Portuguese restaurant in Cambridge  with two different locations, would you like the addresses?
If one of them has a moderate price range please give me that address. If not tell me about Turkish restaurants instead.
I have two Turkish restuarants, both in the centre and both expensive. May I recommend anatolia?
Actually I need a moderately priced restaurant. Are there any fitting that description?
I am sorry. I mistook that price range. The Anatolia is in the moderate range. Would that work for you?
Yes, I need a reservation for 1 people at 14:00 on monday.

Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 96ZYHLN1.
Thanks so much. That's all for today. Bye!
You are more than welcome!

***
Hi, I want an expensive restaurant. East part of town please.
Royal Standard is a Gastropub in East. Is this OK?
is there any other expensive restaurant in east? 
Yes there are four other options. What kind of food would you like?
It doesn't matter, just not Gastropub.
May I recommend the Grafton Hotel Restaurant, then?  They're very British, very expensive, and located in the east part of town.
That sounds like something I would enjoy. Could you give me the address and phone number?
Certainly. The Grafton Hotel restaurant is at 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the number there is 01223 241387. Can I be of further assistance? 
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a nice day!  Goodbye. 
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced polish food restaurant. 
I'm sorry, but there aren't any moderately priced Polish restaurants. Should I check other price ranges or a different type of food?
yes,  can you please check for a turkish restaurant? 
There are two results. Anatolia restaurant and Efes restaurant both server Turkish food in the moderate price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
May I have the address for Anatolia? 
Yes, the address for Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank You
Thank you.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.
 There are several options available in the town centre. Is there a particular cuisine that you would prefer? Asian, chinese, indian, italian, mediterranean, modern european, portuguese, or spanish?
I want a restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy food.
Unfortunately, I don't happen to have a listing that matches your request. Would you like me to try a different price range or cuisine style?
Are there any Chinese restaurants?
Yes, there are 3 Chinese restaurants that are in the cheap price range. I would recommend the Golden House. Would you like for me to book you a table?
Yes, please book it for around 20:00 for 3 people
What day would you like to book?
Actually, scratch that, I don't want to book the restaurant.  Could you give me the phone number for the Golden House?
Their phone number is 01842753771. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you give me the address and postcode as well?
The Golden House is located at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre. Their postcode is cb21eg. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it.  Thanks a bunch.
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
***
I am looking for a danish restaurant
There are no danish restaurants listed.  May I direct you toward another restaurant? 
How about north american food?
There is one listing for North American food, Gourmet Burger Kitchen in Centre part of town.
What is their phone number and postcode?
Postcode: C.B 2, 1 A.B, phone number is 01223 312598
Is there anything else?
That is the only restaurant serving North American food.
could you give me the phone number and postcode ?
the phone number is 01223 312598 and postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.B
thank you good bye .
thank you for using our service, good bye.
***
Is there a restaurant on the North side of town?
There are several restaurants in the north part of town.  Do you have a preference of price range or type of food? 
I don't care.
City Stop Restaurant is an expensive restaurant on the North side of town.
I would like a restaurant serving swedish food in the north part of town. 
I'm sorry but there are no Swedish serving restaurants in that area. Would you like to expand your search?
How about indian food?
The Royal Spice restaurant has a cheap price range.
What is the address, phone number, and price range? 
it's address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, and phone number is 01733 553355.
Thank you goodbye. 
Good bye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant serving persian food.  
Do you have a specific area in mind?
it doesn't matter .
No restaurants serving persian food have been found.
can i have an european restaurant instead ?
cambridge lodge restaurant is in the west part of town and it is serving european food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the address and phone number.
The address of Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223 355166. May I help you with anything else?
No, that does it.  Thank you and goodbye!
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve persian food
I am sorry. There are no person food eateries in the centre. Would you like to find a different type of food? 
Yes, I am looking for a moderate price range.
I'm sorry, we have no persian restaurants in the centre.
What about modern european foods?
Riverside brasserie looks good. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I want a reservation for 8 people at 16:00 on Sunday.
Sorry, the restaurant doesn't have any openings for that date and time.
ok. ill check latter
Alright. Have a good day.
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the south part of town. 
The Lucky Star is an inexpensive chinese restaurant in the south part of town.
Are there any other places?
Nandos is a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south. Would you like their information? 
sorry what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve Portuguese food. 
what is the price range ?
They are in the cheap price range. 
That sounds yummy. What is their address and phone number? 
Nandos's address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and the phone number is 01223 327908.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  Bye bye!
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
Is it possible to get any Greek food in the centre part of town?
Sorry, I'm showing no results for Greek restaurants. Any other foods you'd like to have?
What about Chinese food?
Charlie Chan has some great reviews.
book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1J6Y65LW.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant with Chinese food.
There are several cheap Chinese restaurants.  Would you prefer any certain area of town?
South part of town. 
The Lucky Star is the only cheap Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like any contact information?
Yes, what is their phone number and address?
The Lucky Star restaurant is on Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and can be reached by phone at 01223 244277.
Excellent. Thanks a lot. I think that's everything I need.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
***
I'd like a restuarant in the north with expensive food.
There are five places, which type of food do you prefer?
Surprise me, I just want something pricey to impress my friends. It'll be a party of seven.
I found five restaurants, what day and time would you like to go?
How about Monday at 19:15.
Okay. I have booked you at Saigon City that is quite elegant and serves Asian cuisine. Your reference number is J8IGNS09.
Thank you so much.  That is all I will be needing today.  Have a nice evening.
Thank you, and would you like the address for the restaurant?
I don't think I need it, but thanks for asking. Have a good day. 
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves Jamaican food.
I'm sorry but i cannot find any Jamaican restaurant located in the south .
Are there ant Jamaican restaurants in any part of town?
Unfortunately there are not. Would you be interested in a different cuisine?
How about Portuguese food instead?
Nandos is located on the south side at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and the phone number is 01223 327908.
Awesome, thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Is there a cheap swedish restaurant in town?
There are no restaurants matching those preferences.  Would you like a different restaurant? 
How about one serving mediterranean food?
There is a cheap Mediterranean restaurant in the centre area of town. It is called The Gardenia.
That sounds good. What is their phone number and postcode?
The Gardenia is in the postcode C.B 2, 3 L.L. Their phone number is 01223 356354.
Thank you!
Your welcome, is there anything I could help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye. 
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced resturant in the centre of town.
I found 21 restaurants available, do you have a type of food you would prefer?
I would like lebanese food.
How does Ali Baba? I recommend it. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes, I want to book a table for 3 people at 20:00 on thursday.
Great, I have booked your table for ali baba thursday at 20:00 for 3. Your reference number is 5LY9WSF1. May I help with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo service, and have a wonderful day!
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves modern European food.
There are 4 matching restaurants. What price range would you like?
I would like one in the expensive price range please.
Darry's Cookhouse and wine shop would suit your interests. It's at 40270 King Street
Do they have booking available for 7 people at 16:30 on tuesday?
There does not appear to be availability at that time.  Would you like me to try another restaurant?  
Is there another restaurant in the area in that price range that is available at that time?
OK, I got you a table at the Bedouin. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: Q7R6ZVRE. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. Thank you and goodbye.
Okay you're welcome. Thank you for calling.
***
I am looking for a Chinese place in the centre.
I have 10 restaurants matching your request. Did you have a price range you would like?
No, it doesn't matter.
Would you like for it to have a certain number of stars? 
No just book at a chinese place in the centre. I need a table for 4 at 15:00 on wednesday please.
I have you at Jinling Noodle bar then, reference is OCNH3CJJ. Anything else you need?
No that is it. Thank you.
Have a great day!
***
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves cantonese food. 
Sorry, there are no expensive restaurants serving cantonese food. Would you like to look for something else?
Yes.  An expensive thai restaurant would be good. 
Bangkok city serves Thai food and is in the expensive price range.
Great, can you please give me its address and  phone number? 
Bangkok City is at 24 Green street city and phone number is 01223 354382.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you good bye. 
Thank you, have a great day and enjoy your food.
***
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves italian food. 
There are 5 expensive restaurants that serves italian, which area are you looking for ?
I don't care
Caffe Uno is located in the city centre.
May I have the address and phone number please?
Caffe Uno's telephone number is 01223 448620 and the address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye
Have a good evening. 
***
I'm looking for a thai restaurant on the west side.
Sala thong is a thai restaurant on the west side that is expensive. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Could you book it for 5 people on sunday?
Yes of course. What time would you like me to make your reservation?
I would like a table for 13:00.
I was unable to book that, would you like me to try a different time or different restaurant?
Yes, please find me another restaurant in the same price range on the west side.
How about Cocum? It's an expensive Indian restaurant on the west side.
Ok, that would be fine. Can you please send me the reference number?
Okay. I was able to book your table. Your reference number is WS8R5J04. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No that is all, thank you , cheers. 
Thank you, let us know if you need any thing else. Bye. 
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Japanese food. I don't care about the price range.
There is not a restaurant serving Japanese food. Would you like a different type food? 
Is there anything in the area for chinese food?
there is charlie chan in city centre
What is the address and phone number of Charlie Chan?
The address is Regent Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, 1 D.B, and the phone number is 01223 361763
Thank you.  That is all the info that I needed.  Good bye.
Thank you.
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
Golden Wok is located in the north part of town and is the moderate price range.   Their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Is there anything else in the moderate price range on the north part of town?
yes, the nirala is indian restaurant in the moderate price range and in the north. It is located at 7 milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, thank you. That's all I need.
Have a good day!
***
I'd like to find a restaurant that serves Korean food. 
there is only one korean restaurant in town called little seoul.
What is the address , phone number, and postcode?
Little Seoul's address 108 Regent Street City Centre, phone number 01223 308681, and postcode C.B 2, 1 D.P. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, this is great.
Thank you, goodbye. 
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town
I have two restaurants. They are Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum.
What type of food do each of them serve?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is Italian, and Restaurant Alimentum is Modern European. Would you like information on either of them? 
Yes, what is the address and phone number for Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?
The address for pizza hut cherry hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the phone number is 01223 323737 
What type of food do they serve? 
They serve italian food.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye
Goodbye again.
Goodbye. 
***
I want to eat at a moderately priced restaurant please
What type of food would you like?
Belgian please, i'm craving that lately
We need some more information. Where are looking to eat?
I prefer to eat in the center of town, please.
No, I did not find any restaurants in the centre.
Hmm.. How about somewhere else in town, what is available?
I'm sorry but I don't have any belgian places in the centre. Can I try a different area?
Why don't we try turkish food instead
There are two Turkish restaurants in the centre of town. They are Efe's restaurant and Anatolia.
Either would be fine. Can you book for 1 at 20:00 on Tuesday?
I'm sorry, it looks like they are both booked during yoir preferred time and day. Would you like to try something else?
Yes try 19:00 and please give me the reference number.
Booking was successful at efes restaurant.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : QXZ05J29.
Thanks so much! You've been helpful.
Have a nice day 
You have a nice day also.
Thank you. I hope you enjoy your meal.
***
I need a cheap restaurant that serves creative food.
We don't have any of those, sad to say. Want to broaden the search?
How about any restaurants that serves creative food.
I'm sorry, I'm not finding any creative restaurants. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Ok, well what do we have in the north area?
There are several good options for dining in the north area. Do you have a preference for price range?
How about a cheap Indian restaurant?
There is one cheap Indian restaurant in the north, Royal Spice. Would you like to make a reservation? 
No, I can do that.  Could you give me the phone number?  Also, the address with postcode?
Sure.  The number there is 01733553355.
What about the postcode and the address?
They are located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Postcode is cb41eh. Anything else you need?
No, that's all. Thank you!
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves brazilian food.
There are no mathcing records found for that request
How about Spanish or Portuguese food?
There are no matching records found for that request.
I would like to try indian food in the north part of town. 
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant in the north of town, and is in the cheap price range.
I would like their phone number and address, please.
Their phone number is 01733 553355 and their address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton C.B 4, 1 E.H
Thank you goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
***
I am searching for a restaurant serving vietnamese food in the centre of town. 
There is one Vietnamese restaurant, but it's in the West end of town. Would that work for you?
I prefer to stay in the centre of town. Is there a turkish restaurant? 
Yes there are three restaurants serving Turkish food in the center of town in the moderate and expensive price range. Which price range would you prefer?
I don't care about the price range.
Anatolia serves Turkish food in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number?
Can you give me the address?
the anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.  Is there any other information you need? 
What price range is Anatolia?
Anatolia is in the moderate price range
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and have a great day!
***
I want to find a restaurant that serves european food and I don't care about the price range.
There are five venues serving European food. What price range do you want?
Moderate price range please. Can i also have the address and phone number of the venue ?
galleria is an european restaurant in the moderate price range and the centre part of town, the address is 33 bridge street and the phone number is 01223 356666
thank you good bye 
You're welcome.  Have a good evening.
***
Are there any restaurants that serve proper British food in town?
Oh yes quite a few. Which part of town will you be dining in?
West, if possible.
We have three: Graffiti, Saint John's Chop House, and Traveller's Rest.
Will you give me the phone number, address, and postcode for Graffiti, please?
Yes, the phone number is 01223277977. The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, and the post code is cb30lx. Want to book?
No Thank you. I think that will be everything today.
You're welcome, glad to help. Have a nice day!
***
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town.
There are many restaurants in the North that match your description, what type of cuisine are you interested in?
The restaurant should serve asian oriental food.
I have one restaurant called saigon city on 169 high street chesterton chesterton. Would you like me to book for you?
Yes, I would like to be booked for a table for 8 on 19:45 on a Saturday, and could I also get the reference number?
Your reservation has been made and the reference number is 3P2ALRY0. 
Thank you for your help.
You are welcome.
***
Hi can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town? 
I certainly can. We have 15 inexpensive restaurants in the center of town. Was there a particular type of cuisine you wanted?
My boyfriend really likes scottish food. Would you have anything that offers that? 
I do not have any Scottish places fitting that criteria, may I try another food?
Oh wow. That's too bad. How about a good italian place? 
The zizzi cambridge is a cheap Italian restaurant in the centre area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please. Can you also give me the address, phone number, and postcode?
Sure thing! The address is 47-53 Regent Street, the phone number is 01223365599, and the postcode is cb21ab. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'd like a reservation at 6:30 for a party of 2.
I'll be happy to do that for you. What day would you like the table for?
Actually, I've changed my mind. I'm going to wait on that reservation, thanks.
Okay. Is there anything else you need?
That'll be all! Thank you!
Thank you goodbye!
***
Please recommend me a cheap restaurant in the north .
Da Vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes.
they are located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton
What is their postcode?
the postcode is CB41JY is there anything else I can help you with?
no, thank you good bye 
Thank you.
***
Hi, I'm looking for good Chinese food on the west side. 
sorry, there is no chinese restaurant in the west side. do you want another type of food or different part of town? 
Thank you goodbye
you are welcome good bye
***
Hi! I'd like to find a seafood restaurant in the centre of town, please. 
Excellent. The loch fyne is just your thing.
Is it an expensive restaurant? I'm really looking to break the bank here.
Yes, it is expensive. Do you need help with booking?
Perfect, yes please book a table for 3 people at 17:15 on Monday. Can I also have a reference number?
Wonderful I was able to get you in a Monday and your reservation number is  E10Z97F4. Will that be all?
No thank you, that is all I needed.
Great.  Enjoy your stay.
***
Can you find a restaurant in the centre that serves chinese food?
Charlie Chan is a great cheap restaurant. Would you like me to book now?
Yes, please. For a party of 3 at 13:45 on Wednesday.
I apologize. The booking was unsuccessful. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
Are there any different restaurants in the same area and price range?
How about Rice House? That's a Chinese restaurant in the city centre with cheap prices.
Sounds good. Book it please and I'll need the reference number.
Of course! You're booked with reference number CSL3V245. May I help with anything else?
No, thank you very much for your help.
It was my pleasure. Let me know if I can ever help you with anything else.
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
There are two restaurants; chinese and indian that are moderately priced. Do you have any preferences?
I don't care. 
Okay, how about the Golden Wok? They serve Chinese food in the north part of town and are moderately priced.
That will be good. Could you give me their address?
golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223350688. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
and also postcode please?
Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
No. that's all I want. thank you 
You're welcome. Thank you for calling us today. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.
I have found many possibilities. Golden house is chinese and the river bar steakhouse and grill serves modern european. Are either of those of interest for you?
Yes, may I have the address, postcode, and phone number for Golden House? I'll book it myself.
They are located at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, postcode cb21eg, and phone number 01842753771.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
***
I want to find an expensive restaurant and serves european food. Can i also have the address, phone number and its area. ?
Eraina is a European restaurant in the centre area.  Their address is St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre and phone number 01223 355166. 
thank you goodbye
Thank you and good bye 
***
Are there any moderately priced restaurants in the southern part of town?
Yes, there are two.  Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton serves Italian food while Restaurant Alimentum serves Modern European food.  Would you like any additional info on those or help finding something else?
What are the address and phone number of one of them ?
Pizza Hut cherry hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton with phone number 01223 323737
Excellent, thank you. Goodbye!
Have a wonderful day! Good bye!
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves Caribbean food.
There are no moderately priced Caribbean restaurants. Would you like something different?
Spanish food
La Tasca is a moderately priced restaurant that serves Spanish food.
What is the address, phone number, and post code?
Their phone number is 01223 464630, their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street and their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F.
***
Yes, I need some help and information pertaining to a particular restaurant. The name of the restaurant is Sitar Tandoori. I'd like some information on the place if you can help.
Oh yes, the Sitar Tandoori is great Indian restaurant on our east side of town.  Do you need me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, could you book a table for 6 on Friday at 11:45?
I am sorry, I am unable to make a reservation for 6 at that time.  Would you like me to try and find another restaurant?
That's unfortunate. Yes, is there something else in the same area?
I have a few more, moderate or expensive, which do you prefer I book?
If you could find one in the same price range that would be best.
I was able to book pipasha restaurant, reference number is ZO0089US
Thank you that is all I need.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day.
***
I'd like to find an expensive place to dine in the south.
Do you have a food type preference? The choices are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican.
Is there any Morrocan food?
No, sorry. There are no morrocan restaurants in the south. Would you like to expand to another area?
I would be interested in Indian food.
taj tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the south. would you like any other info? or to book it?
That place sounds great. Can I get the phone number please? 
Sure! The phone number to the Taj Tandoori is 01223412299. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need.  Thanks so much.  Bye.
You're welcome. Thanks for using our services. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre.
I have 33 restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
I would like north american food.
gourmet burger kitchen is an expensive restaurant that serves North American Food. Would that be acceptable?
Sure please book for 7 people on wednesday at 19:15 please.
Unfortunately, we were not able to book that restaurant. Would you like me to try and find another restaurant?
Are there any other options in the expensive price range in the centre? 
I was able to find 3 that serve british food and 1 that serves african and 1 that serves asian. Do you have a preference?
Can you book me in for the Asian restaurant then?
Okay. I was able to book you a table at the kymmoy. Your reference number is TQVKVLNH. Is there anything else you need? 
Nope, I think that will do it, thank you
It's my pleasure. Have a great day! Goodbye!
***
I'm looking for an afghan restaurant in the north.
There are no restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like to modify your search results?
How about a European food restaurant in the north, instead?
We have one. It is the city stop restaurant. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you give me their phone number, address and price range, please?
they are in the expensive price range. 01223363270 is their number. you can find them on Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton
Great, thank you for the help.
You are more than welcome!

***
I'm wanting Indian food, is there a restaurant that serves that near the centre of town?
How about kohinoor a cheap restaurant in the centre located at 74 Mill Road?
Thank you. I'd like to book a table for 6 people for Wednesday at 18:15. Also can you provide a reference number to confirm.
You are booked at Kohinoor. Reference number is ZMZLMLR9. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number ZMZLMLR9, got it, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that was all. Thank you for your help.
Great! Have a nice day!

***
I would like an expensive place to dine, centre of town.
Great! There are 33 such restaurants. What type of food would you like to eat?
The type of food doesn't matter, but I need a reservation for 8 people.
What day and time are you looking to book your reservation?
12:45 on wednesday for 8 people please and may I get the reservation number after you book it please?
I made a reservation at the restaurant kymmoy. The confirmation number is UR49SKNA
Thank you for booking the reservation for mr,goodbye.
Let me know if you need anything else. Good Bye. 
***
Yes, I need some help looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be located in the west, and the food should be in the more expensive price range if at possible.
I have 9 restaurants that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference on type of cuisine?
Yes, Indian please.
There are five Indian restaurants in the west in the expensive range. May I recommend Tandoori Palace?
Can you check to see if they have booking available for 8 people at 19:45 on Sunday?
I was unable to book for that time, would you like to try something else?
Yes, look it up and book me for Monday,please ?
The booking was unsuccessful.   Is there another time you would prefer?
Please book any Indian restaurant in the same area and price range as Tandoori Palace. This is for 8 people at 19:45 on sunday.
Booked at cocum. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: 4FEC5K00. Anything else?
That is it. Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Let us know if you need anything else, good day. 
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant.
What type of food would you like?
i dont care
There are 22 results. Is there an area that you would prefer? 
Yes, in the west part of town please.
There are two results. la margherita serves italian food and thanh binh serves vietnamese food.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?
Thanh Binh is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 315232.
Is there anything else?
Would you prefer information on La Margherita?  It's the only other cheap restaurant in that area.
Yes, please.
La Margherita's phone number is 01223 315232 and you can find them at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you and have a great day!
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town. 
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the South area. Would you like Italian or Modern European?
Is there anything else? Can I get the phone number please?
The pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Their phone number is 01223 323737.  May I help you with anything else? 
Thank you goodbye.
Yes, goodbye.
***
A moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town
Three restaurants meet your specifications. One is Italian and two serve Indian food. Do you have a preference?
Is there anything else?
the curry prince is in the east part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like their information?
address and phone number please
The address of the Curry Prince is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223 566388.
That's all I need.. Thank you and good bye. 
Goodbye
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves unusual food. 
Sorry but there is no resaurants that fit your request. do you want something different?
Yes, how about indian food
I recommend taj tandoori. It is located in the south part of town.
What is the phone number?
Taj Tandoori's phone number is 01223 412299. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all. Thank you, goodbye.
Thank for calling Cambridge restaurant system, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant, something moderately priced.
There are five restaurants in the moderate price range. They sever british and asian oriental, which are you looking for?
iam looking for something asian oriental and not so expensive restaurant.
I have the Yippee Noodle Bar that meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
That would be great. I need to for 2 people at 13:00 on Tuesday. Can you provide the reference number for the reservation?
Here is the reference number: MVMT06FY
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.

You're welcome. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that is in the north part of town.
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant in the north part of town. It is in the cheap price range. 
I'm not interested in that choise. Is there anything else within those categories?
how about da vinci pizzeria? a cheap italian place in the north ?
I would like the phone number and address of da vinci pizzeria
no problem, its phone number is 01223 351707 and address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Thank you. Good Bye. 
thank you, goodbye.
***
What's a good mid price restaurant?
Is there a specific part of town or type of food you're interested in?
I would like Catalan food.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants serving catalan food in your price range. Would you like to try something else? 
How about Spanish food?
La tasca serves Spanish food and is in the moderate price range.
Could i have the address, phone number and postcode please?
The phone number for la tasca is 01223 464630 and they are located at 14 -16 Bridge Street.  The postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F. 
thank you, goodbye
Thank you, goodbye.
Bye.
Call us again! Goodbye.
***
I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves austrian food.
I'm sorry but there are no Austrian restaurants in the north part of town.
indian, please.
The Nirala is an Indian restaurant in the moderate price range on the north side.
Thank you, goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye!
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving international food. What is the address and postcode?
The Missing Sock matches your request they are located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road C.B 25, 9 A.Q  01223 812660 is the phone number
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome.
***
I'd like to find panasian food for cheap please.
There are no restaurants matching your requests.  Would you like another restaurant? 
How about Asian Oriental food? I would like a phone number and address for any Asian restaurant you find.
Dojo Noodle Bar serves Asian Oriental. Their phone number is 01223 363471 and their address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
And that's a cheap restaurant?
Yes, dojo noodle bar is a restaurant in the cheap price range.
Is there anything else?
No, enjoy your meal!
Thanks.
Thank you, goodbye!
***
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre area? 
There are 33 possible places that fit your request. For example, there is an expensive African restaurant in the centre. Is this something you would be interested in?
How about mediterranean food?
Sure, either La Mimosa or Shiraz both serve excellent Mediterranean food.
La Mimosa sounds good.  Can your reserve me a table for 1 on Saturday at 11:15?
I have that reserved, the reference code is MLZZDYT5.
Perfect. I'm all set the. Thank you.
It's my pleasure. Goodbye!
***
Looking for a cheap restaurant.
I have found some. Would you like Italian, Chinese, Asian Oriental, Indian, or Spanish food?
Do you have Brazilian or Portuguese?
Nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south side of town with a cheap price range. 
What is the address?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.
***
I need a restaurant located in the centre for a moderate price.
Sure, I can help you with that. I have 21 restaurants available. Would you like a certain type of food?
I am looking just for any restaurant available for 5 people at 13:45 on saturday.
I was able to book Yippee Noodle Bar and your reference is 7J4EXP7M.
Great! Thank you very much! 
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need. Thank you. 
Thank you for using our system!
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that would serve South Indian food.
I'm sorry I have nothing listed matching your criteria. What about just Indian food?
Darn. Will you look for a Turkish restaurant in that area instead? 
You have your choice of Meze bar, Anatolia, or Efes Restaurant.
Can I get the address of Anatolia?
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you very much for your help! 
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks so much.
Thank you for calling, goodbye.
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
There are 33 to choose from. Any type of cuisine you'd prefer?
I don't care what cuisine. I would like a table for 1 at 12:30 on Thursday. I will need a reference number also.
Sure. I booked you into the Cambridge Chop House on Thursday at 12:30. Your reference number is 8NI5A15M.
Okay, wonderful. Thank you for your help. 
Was there anything else I could assist you with today? 
No, you were extremely helpful. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for booking with us today. Enjoy your reservation!
***
north part of town restaurant please
What type of food would you like?
Chinese
Do you have a certain price range you would like?
I don't care.
There are several chinese restaurants.  Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and I need one of their names please.
Hakka is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town.
Sound perfect! What is their phone number?
Hakka's phone number is 01223 568988. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
Yes, I'm looking for a cheap place to eat on the east side.  Do you know of anything?
yes I have one listing for an international place called The Missing Sock. It is very popular. Would you like their telephone number?
Yes. Please give me the telephone number.
Their number is 01223812660.
Thanks! Now could you make a reservation for me? I need a table for 1 on Saturday at 12:15, please.
Unfortunately, they are fully booked during that time slot. Would you like me to try for a different time or day? 
How about 11:15?
You've been booked for 11:15. Do you need anything else?
May I have the reference number please? 
Your reference number is FK3AREID.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed!
Great! Have a great day!
***
I am looking to dine out in the centre part of town and I would like to find a place that serves north american food.
I have one, Gourmet Burger Kitchen. 
I want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on saturday.
Unfortunately, they are all full at that time. Would you like me to try another restaurant?
Yes.  Please look for a different place in the same area and price range.
I'm sorry but Gourmet Burger Kitchen was the only North American restaurant in the centre area. Would you like for me to try another area?
Not right now. Thank you for your time.
Okay, please let me know if you need anything else.
***
I am looking for information on The Varsity restaurant.
The Varsity is a moderately priced restaurant offering international cuisine. Would you like any other information?
Could you book me a table for 2 at 20:00 on Tuesday evening?
Ok! Your table for 2 at the Varsity Restaurant has been booked for Tuesday at 20:00. You reference number is: 1EB89A0F
Thank you so much, that is all.
You're welcome. Goodbye!
***
I am looking to get some eritrean food in the west part of town.
Unfortunately there aren't any restaurants that fit your criteria. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Can you see if there are any that serve  indian food?
There are six restaurants, one in the moderate price range and the rest in the expensive price range. Which one would you prefer? 
Any would be fine. But I need to book a table for 8 people for Sunday at 12:15.
Booking was unsuccessful at rice boat. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Sure as long as it's in the same area and price range. I need the reference number too please.
Okay I booked you at the Tandoori Palace and your reference number is NBLD7E0V.
Thank you, that's all I needed today!
Okay glad I could be of help!
***
I want something in the north part of town with swedish food.
There are no restaurants matching your requests.  Would you care for a different restaurant? 
Are there any italian restaurants in the north part of town?
yes there is one, its name is da vinci pizzeria. 
great, can you please give me its address and phone number? 
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707.  Can I help you with anything else today? 
Thank you good bye. 
Thank you, and enjoy your meal!
Thanks!
Goodbye.
***
What do we have to eat in the expensive european food range?
There are 5 options in Cambridge for expensive European food. 1 in the North, 1 in the West and 3 in Cambridge Centre.
Nothing in the south?
I was not able to find any expensive european restaurants in the south.
What about Mexican restaurants?
The Chiquito restaurant bar, a mexican restaurant, is in the south and is expensive.  Would you like to book a table? 
Yes. I'd like a table for 1 person at 19:15 on Sunday. 
Your table is reserved and the reference number is TN3210RT. Will there be anything else?
That's all. Thanks for your assistance.
You are very welcome! Have a great time! Goodbye! 
***
I am looking for Japanese food in the south part of town.
I am sorry. There is no japanese restaurant in the south area? Would you like to try another area or food type? 
Try Mexican, then. 
Unfortunately, I was not able to locate a Mexican restaurant in the south part of time. Would you like me to search for a different cuisine?
I'll take any type of cuisine, then. I just need a reservation for 6 at 13:15 on Saturday.
There are Japanese, Italian, Modern European, Portuguese, Indian, and Mexican. Which of these do you prefer?
Mexican, please. 
The Mexican place is not open then, shall I try another place to dine?
Yes please. Are you sure there are no Japanese or Mexican places in the same price range open on the south side that day?
No I am sorry. But there is a Portuguese restaurant if you are interested.
Okay I guess. Try booking there please.
Great! I was able to book you there and your reference number is W2A8GHG8.
Thank you for your help. Have a great day.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
***
Hey, I'm up south can you give me a place to eat?
What kind of food would you like?
Don't care.
I recommend Chiquito Restaurant Bar
Can I have the address and telephone number?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.  The phone number is 01223 400170.
THAT WILL BE FINE.
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
I want a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. What is the phone number?
Would you prefer Indian food or Italian food?
I don't care. Give me their phone number.
Curry Prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town that serves Indian food. Would you like the phone number?
Yes give me the phone number.
The phone number for Curry Prince is 01223 566388. 
Awesome, thank you! Goodbye!
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a British restaurant, in the expensive price range.
We have several options available. Is there a certain area of town you're looking for? If not, I recommend Graffiti in the west.
Graffiti sounds good. I'll need a table for four on Thursday at 16:45, please.
It is all booked, reference number is S3Q9J1KJ
Great! Thanks a lot. Thats all I will be needing. Have a good day. Bye!
You're very welcome. Goodbye!
***
I need help finding an expensive place to eat in the west please. 
There are many options for expensive food in West Cambridge. Is there a specific type of food you would like?
Yes, I would like eat Indian food, where I can eat  Search Chicken Tikka Masala.
I'm sorry, there is nothing showing for Chicken Tikka Masala. There are however 5 expensive Indian restaurants in the west part of Cambridge. I would recommend the Rice Boat.
I'd like to book the Rice Boat for 1 at 11:45 on Monday.
You are booked for the Rice Boat on Monday at 11:45. Your reference number is S224QQ91. May I help you with anything else?
No, I think that covers it. Thanks so much for your help!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food. 
I have found two expensive mediterranean restaurants, La Mimosa and Shiraz Restaurant. Both are in the centre area. Would you like more information on either one of these restaurants?
Is there anything else?
No sir. That's all I have
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you, have a nice day!
***
Can you find me something cheap in the south part of town?
What is the food type you would prefer?
I do not care about the type of food.
Nandos is a cheap restaurant in the south part of town, serving Portuguese food.
Is there anything else? 
the lucky star is a cheap price range, south area chinese restaurant
What is the address?
The lucky star is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thanks, good bye
Have a nice day!  Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Mexican food and located in the south part of town.
Chiquito Restaurant Bar serves Mexican food.  It's an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
Chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2G Cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Its phone number is 01223 400170 and the postcode is CB17DY. Is there anything else I can help with? 
Nope, that's all I need, thank you very much!
You're welcome.
***
Is there a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town? 
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town, Golden Wok, a Chinese restaurant, and The Nirala, an Indian restaurant. Would you like more information on either of these?
Yes I would like the phone number of the Nirala.
The phone number for the Nirala is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I would like the address of the Nirala please? 
The address you want is 7 Milton Road Chesterton. How else may I help you?
What is the postcode?
The postcode of the nirala is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
I think that's all I need, thank you for your help.
Thank you. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves gastropub food. I want it to be expensive. 
We have 3 options in Cambridge for expensive gastropub food. Would you prefer a place in the centre or in the east?
I'd like to dine in the center of town, please.
I have two in the centre, the Backstreet bistro and The Slug and Lettuce.  Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Could you give me the address and phone number for the Slug and Lettuce please.
The slug and lettuce is located at 34 - 35 Green Street, postcode cb23ju. I'm sorry our system does not list their phone number. Is there anything else?
I wish you could provide their phone number. But other than that you've given me everything I need to know. Thank you goodbye.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town. What is the address?
Meghna is in the west part of town and in the moderate price range.  Their address is 205 Victoria road, Chesterton.
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a good day!
***
May I have information for an italian restaurant in the east part of town? 
yes sure. there is only on italian restaurant called pizza hut fen ditton in the east. What else do you want to know?
What is their address please?
The address for pizza hut fen ditton is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you.
***
I am looking for a caribbean restaurant in the centre of the city.
Regretfully, there are no caribbean restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try something else?
Are there any caribbean restaurants in any other part of town?
I am sorry there are none in any area of town,is there another type of food you would be interested in?
Sure, a turkish restaurant in the moderate price range would be great.
I have 2 turkish restaurants in the centre. The anatolia or efes restaurant are both moderate. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, book me The Anatolia for 8 people at 12:00 on Friday.
I'm sorry, there are no available seats at that time. Would you like to try Efes restaurant?
Yes please try booking that.
Yes I was able to get you into that restaurant and your reference number is  46AL3F0C.
Great! Thank you so much for your help. That will be all.
Okay. Great. Enjoy your lunch.
***
I would like a restaurant in the west part of town.
There are 14 restaurants that are in the west area of town. What kind of food would you like?
English food, please.
No restaurants serving English food are located in the west part of town. Would you like me to check for a different location or cuisine?
How about british food?
Graffiti is a British restaurant located in the west part of town and in the expensive price range.   Would you like their address?
Yes, please. And can you also give me their phone number?
Certainly. The phone number for Graffiti is 01223 277977 and address is hotel felix whitehouse lane huntingdon road .
I need the address, too. 
The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road
Thank you goodbye. 
thank you good bye
***
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that is on the east side of town. 
Grafton Hotel restaurant is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
What is the postcode?
The postcode of grafton hotel restaurant is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
What is the address, phone number, and type of food?
The Grafton Hotel restaurant serves British food. It is located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, and it's phone number is 01223 241387.
Great, thank you!
Do you need any further information?
No thank you.  Goodbye!
Thank you.  Have a nice day.
You too!
Bye.
***
I would like to go to an Indian restaurant in the north.
I found 2 that matches your criteria. Would you prefer a moderate or cheap pricing?
How about the moderate one? May I have their address, please?
Yes The Nirala's address is 7 Milton Road Chesterton and their postcode is cb41uy. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all, thank you.  Have a nice day.
So glad we could help you out. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a glorious day!
***
I need the address, phone number and postcode for a moderately priced restaurant serving international food.
How about the varsity restaurant, they are located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, 3 A.R, phone number is 01223 356060.
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
I would like to find a restaurant named Tandoori Palace. Do you know of that restaurant?
I do. It's a very nice Indian restaurant on the West side. 
Can you give me the postcode for it please?
The postcode is cb43le. May I help you with anything else? 
That will be all, thanks. Goodbye!
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
***
Hi! I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north, any type!
There is Royal Spice which serves Indian food and Da Vinci Pizzeria which serves Italian food. Would you like me to book you a table at either of these restaurants?
Royal Spice sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 8 at 15:45 on Saturday? 
Unfortunately, I was not able to book for that specific time and day. Can I try a different day or time for you? 
How about at 14:45? 
I've booked it for that day on Saturday. Reference number 9PVIPW1Y. Anything else?
No, you have been very helpful. Thanks, goodbye.
Thank you, and have a great day!
***
I'm looking to go to dinner tonight and am in the mood for some good Bistro in the centre of town, can you find me some options?
I'm sorry. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to try a different food type or area?
Hmm... let me think. Let's try maybe something italian instead.
There are nine Italian restaurants in the centre of town!  Are you looking for an Italian restaurant in any particular price range?
Which of those nine has the best ratings? Can I please have the address and postcode.
I recommend Caffe Uno - it's very nice. They're at 32 Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uj. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Thank you! Goodbye.
***
I would like a malaysian restaurant in the centre of town. 
Sorry there are no Malasian resturants in the area you are looking for. Can I help you with something elese.
How about Korean food in the Centre of town?
Little Seoul is a korean restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number? 
Yes, and their address.
The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Enjoy!
***
Hello, I am looking for a venetian restaurant in the centre of town. 
There are no restaurants serving Venetian food in the centre part of town. Would you like me to check another part of town?
How about thai food?
what is the price range you are looking for? 
I don't care.
Bangkok City serves Thai food in the centre of town. Would you like an additional information regarding this restaurant?
Can I get the address and phone number, please?
bangkok city's address is 24 Green Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 354382
Thank you, goodbye
No, thank you! Enjoy!
***
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves malaysian food
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in the city that serve Malaysian food.  Can I help you find another restaurant?
Is there a cheap european restraunt?
Yes. I found the river bar steakhouse and grill. It is a cheap restaurant serving modern european food and in the centre of town. Would you like the address and phone number? 
Of course
the river bar steakhouse and grill is located at quayside off bridge street and its phone number is 01223307030. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, and thank you for your help.  Goodbye.
Our pleasure. Please call again. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves British food please.
I have found 6 restaurants for you would you like a specific area of town?
No, it doesn't matter.  Can you reserve one of them for Sunday at 13:00?  I will be dining alone.
Alright, I got you a table at the Graffiti. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is: FAVAELU5. Do you need the address or phone number?
No, that is all I need, thank you. 
Great. Have a great day!
***
I would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town
There are two cheap restaurants in the west part of town. One is italian and one is vietnamese. Which one are you interested in?
Can you give me the telephone number of the vietnamese restaurant?
The Vietnamese restaurant's name is Thanh Binh, the phone number is 01223 362456. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you give me the address for Thanh Binh as well please?
Thanh Binh is at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling us today. Goodbye.
***
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant serving european food.
de luca cucina and bar is in the centre part of town and in the moderate price range.  
Is there anything else? give me the address and postcode please. 
There is also the Cambridge Lodge Restaurant also has expensive european food in the centre area at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre postal code CB30DQ
What is the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 355166.
ok thank you good bye
Thank you. Good bye 
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome.  Bye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre serving modern European food.
I found 4 that you might be interested in.  What type of price are you looking for?
I don't have a preference on price, but how about expensive?
There is one restaurant that is considered expensive and it is Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop. Would you like to book a table there?
No that won't be necessary. I just need the phone number and postcode please.
The phone number for Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is 01223505015 and their postcode is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That did it. I appreciate the help. Goodbye!
Happy to help.  Goodbye.
***
I'd like to find a restaurant that serves swiss food. 
Im sorry there are no restaurants offering Swiss food in your area.
Is there any restaurants that serve Vietnamese food?
Thanh Binh serves Vietnamese food.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
What's the address?
thanh binh's address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
the missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east .
What is the address and phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 812660 and their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
OK, thanks. That's all I need.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the centre?
There are 33 restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
I want Chinese food and the restaurant needs to be located in the centre area.
There are four expensive chinese restaurants located in the centre. I recommend hk fusion. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Excellent, lets try HK Fusion for 5 people at 19:15 on Friday. 
I am sorry this booking was unsuccessful. Maybe another time perhaps?
Please, try booking anytime between 20:15 to 9:15 on Friday.
None of the times are available do you have another restaurant preference?
Any other place in the centre, same expensive price range. 
I was able to book bedouin, reference number is 4ATMIYSC
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Okay great. I am glad I could be of help.
***
I feel like having Italian for dinner.  Are there any cheap restaurants with good Italian in town?
Sure, how about zizzi cambridge, they offer cheap Italian food in the town centre.
Sounds great. Can I get their number?
Certainly, the phone number at zizzi cambridge is 01223365599. May I help with anything else?
No I think that's all I need. Thanks for the help!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
I am looking for a place serving expensive indian food
There are 14 places that serve expensive Indian food. We could narrow it down more if you specified an area.  Do you have one in mind?
Let's try the west part of town.
There are 5 in the West. You might want to try Cocum on 71 Castle Street City Centre.
Okay, can you book for 7 people on Sunday at 14:00?
I am sorry there is no booking at this time, there are 2 other places would you like me to check booking for any of them?
Yes, if one is in the same area and price range as Cocum.
I was able to get you in at Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant. Your reference number is O9K319CU. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need thank you. 
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and in the north part of town.
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town. One specializes in Indian cuisine and the other is a Chinese restaurant.
I want the indian one. What's the address and phone number ?
The Indian restaurant is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is  01223 360966
Thank You very much
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
***
I need help finding a place to eat that is moderately priced and located in the east.
I have three restaurants with that information,can I ask what type of food you are looking for to narrow it down?
I would like an Italian restaurant.
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is the only moderate Italian restaurant in the east.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please, I would like a reservation for 4 people at 1:45 on Saturday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another restaurant?
Are there any other restaurants in the same area in the moderate price range?
Yes I have several Indian restaurants if you are interested.
Sure. Please book me at one of those.
I'd be happy to. What day and time would you like the reservation, and for how many people?
4 people at 13:45 on saturday, please. 
I've booked you a table for 4 at 13:45 at Curry Prince. Your reference number is GE1NWVTX. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your meal!
***
Yes, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving European Food.
How about eraina? 
Does Eraina serve european food?  If so, what is the phone number and what area is it located in?
Eraina serves Modern European food in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223 368786. 
Okay, thank you for the information.
Thank you, enjoy your meal!
***
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the south and should serve french food
There are none. Would you like to try a different cuisine or area?
How about a restaurant that serves modern european food?
Restaurant alimentum has gotten good reviews!
Great, I would like a reservation for 7 people on Friday at 19:00.  Please give me the reservation number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NCHJ21BD.
Thank you for your help
May I help you with anything else? Do you need a taxi?
No I'm good to go but thank you
Great, thank you for allowing me to help you today.
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves russian food.
there is no expensive restaurant that serves russian food can I help you with anything else
Yes do you have british type food?
Yes, there are 6 options.  Does the part of town matter?
I don't care.
I could recommend Graffiti in the west.Would you like more information? 
May I have the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 277977.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye.
***
I want to find an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food. What is the address and phone number?
La Mimosa, at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton, is expensive and serves mediterranean food.
What is their address and phone number? 
Their address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 362525.
***
i want somewhere that serves traditional food.
There are no traditional restaurants in the city. Can I help you with a different type of cuisine? 
How abou asian oriental food
There are 5 restaurants meeting your criteria. What area and price range did you have in mind?
What is the address and phone number?
The dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food.  They are located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their phone number is 01223 363471.  
thank you. good bye.
Good bye
***
Hello, I am looking for a Scottish restaurant on the west side of town. 
I can help you with that.  It looks like there aren't any restaurants like that in my database.  Can I help you find a different restaurant?
Is there a restaurant that serves Indian food in the west part of town?
I found several Indian restaurants in the west part of town. Were you looking for an expensive or moderately priced restaurant?
Expensive
I found several in the expensive price range in the west part of town, can I help you with anything else?
Can you please give me that phone number?
Cocum is the first expensive indian restaurant in the west part of town on the database. The phone number for cocum is 01223 366668.
What is the food type they serve ?
They serve indian food .
Can you please give me the address?
Cocum is located at 71 castle street city centre. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, thank you, that is all I need.  Goodbye!
Thank you. Good day!
***
I'd like to dine for expensive british cuisine.
Of course, let me help you with that. In which area of town would you like to eat?
Any area is fine. Can I have the postcode for your favorite one?
Sure! I recommend travellers rest. Their postcode is cb30df. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for right now, thanks for your help!
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
***
I want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves seafood.
Loch Fyne is a restaurant in the city centre that serves seafood. Would you like more information?
What is the phone number and price range? 
The phone is 01223 362433 and it is in the expensive range.
That sounds great. Thanks!
You're Welcome. Goodbye!
***
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre.
Fitzbillies restaurant serves British food, is located in the centre and is expensive. It's address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre.
Is there any chinese restaurants around?
Yes there are a few. Can I recommend Tang Chinese. Would you like me to book that for you?
Do they have availability on Sunday at 13:00?
Yes they do. How many people are in your party?
We will have 7 people in the party.
I have you booked at Tang Chinese. The reference number is P04KA65H. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
That will be all, thank you.
Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy your meal! Goodbye!
***
I'm looking to eat at a place that serves british food in the east part of town.
I have found the Grafton Hotel Restaurant  at 619 Newmarket Road. Would like a reservation?
Is the restaurant in the expensive price range?
Yes it is in the expensive price range.Do you want the address ?
***
Good morning, I need help finding a restaurant that serves bistro in the moderate price range.
I couldn't find a restaurant with the attributes you are looking for. Would you like something else?
How about one with british food?
There are 5 restaurants serving british food. Do you have a preferred area?
I do not have a preferred area.  Which ones have a table available for 6 people at 12:30 on Tuesday?
Is there a price range you would prefer to stay within?
No I do not need to stay within a price.
I have Restaurant One Seven in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, please. 
The booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other preference? 
I just need a restaurant in the same area and has the same price range. 
Sure. I booked you a table in the oak bistro which is in the center part of the town. Your reservation number is CMJ6WM0Z.
Great, thanks for that. See you!
Sure, I'm here to help you. Bye!
***
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves vietnamese food
I found Thanh Binh in the west part of town.
What is the address and phone number?
Thanh binh can be reached at 01223 362456 and it is located at 17 magdalene street city centre.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and goodbye!
***
I'm looking for malaysian food.
sorry i cannot find any malaysian restaurants. can i offer you something else?
How about asian oriental type of food?
There are five search results.  Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
No particular area, but I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
there is saigon city at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton, phone 01223 356555.
Is there anything else?
There is also Kymmoy in the centre of town, at 52 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 311911.
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you, and enjoy your meal!
***
Are there any eritrean restaurants in town?
No, there are no eritrean restaurants in town. Would you like a different restaurant? 
How about Chinese food?
There is a wide variety of Chinese restaurants, do you have an area preference or a price preference to narrow it down?
I would like the East part of town.
Yu Garden is a chinese restaurant in the east area.
Could I get the address, phone number, and postcode of Yu Garden?
Phone is 01223 248882, address and postcode are 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton C.B 5, 8 P.A
Thank you.  That is all the information I needed.  Bye bye!
Bye!
***
I would like a mediterranean restaurant, and I don't care what part of town it is in.
Are you looking for something more or less expensive? 
The price range does not matter.
la mimosa is a nice Mediterranean restaurant in the centre.
That sounds good.  May I have their phone number? 
La Mimosa's phone number is 01223 362525. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
You are very welcome. Have a nice day, goodbye.
***
I'd like to dine at a restaurant in the west part of town. Can you help me find one?
I would be happy to help you.  There are several restaurants located in the west part of town.  Would you prefer a expensive, moderate or cheap restaurant? 
Moderately priced.
There is a very tasty Indian restaurant in the moderate range. It is called Meghna. Would you like their information?
yes please give me the phone number and address of it .
Meghna is located on the west side of town at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 727410.  Is there any other information you needed?
No, thank you goodbye
Your welcome, goodbye.
Bye!
Thank you for using  the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye,
***
I need to find an expensive restauant that's in the south section of the city.
There are several restaurants in the south part of town that serve expensive food. Do you have a cuisine preference?
No I don't care about the type of cuisine.
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a Mexican restaurant located in the south part of town.
What is their address?
There address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, it there anything else I can help you with?
What is the food type they serve ?
They serve Mexican food .
Nope, that's what I was looking for. Thanks a lot!
Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Restaurant System.
***
I would like inexpensive Turkish food.
I'm sorry I do not show anything available. Would you like to try something else?
Ok, how about an Italian restaurant?
There are 5 listings matching your criteria. Do you have a preference on the area?
I do not have a preference of area as long as it's cheap. Please make a suggestion. 
Ask is an Italian restaurant in the cheap priced category, and is the centre of town.
Can I get the address and phone number?
Ask is at 12 Bridge Street City Centre and can be reached at 01223 364917. Can I help you anything else today? 
No, thank you. Good bye.
You're welcome, enjoy your food.
***
I need help finding a place to eat called curry garden.
Curry garden is an expensive restaurant that serves Indian food. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes can I make a reservation for 1 people at 16:15 on wednesday?
I'm sorry, there are no available tables at that time. Would you like me to look for a different restaurant?
How about a different place to eat in the same area and price range? Can you book it and I need the reference number.
I have booked the Kymmoy restaurant for 1 at 16:15 pm on Wednesday.  It is an expensive asian restaurant in the centre. Your reservation number is N08TP996.
Wonderful, thank you.  That is all I need for today.  Bye.
Your welcome. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking to find a place to eat in the centre of town that needs to have a moderate price range.  Can you give me some options?
There are quite a few options in the centre of town. There's Chinese, Italian, Spanish, Turkish and British food just to name a few. What would you like?
Is there a Lebanese option? I'm really craving some Lebanese right now.
Yes! Ali Baba is a great Lebanese restaurant that would suit your needs. It's located at 59 Hills Road City Centre. What other information do you need?
Can you please get me a reservation at Ali Baba for tonight at 7PM?
Certainly, how many people will be in your party total?
Actually, can I just get the address there for now please?
The Ali Baba is located at 59 Hills Road City Centre. Would you like any other information?
That's all I need. Thanks for your help!
You have a nice triip and thank you for contacting us. Have a great day!
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of the city please.
There is an Italian or Vietnamese restaurant. Which do you prefer?
It doesn't matter. I need to be able to seat 8 people on Tuesday at 17:00.
I was able to book you at thanh binh, your reference number is H0K8XFPQ.
Ok great thank you. Have a great day!
Thanks! I hope you have a great day!
***
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the town centre?
There are many high class restaurants in town centre, is there a particular cuisine you'd prefer?
I was thinking maybe trying something european. 
Eraina is an expensive European restaurant in the city centre, would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great! Can I book a talbe for 7 people at 17:30 on Wednesday?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 0UD63QC0. Can I assist you with anything else today.
No, that's it.  Thanks.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking for an inexpensive African restaurant.
Sorry, no matches matched your search. Do you want a different price range?
No thank you. Is there any inexpensive restaurants that serve Asian oriental food?
Yes, Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant in the city centre both have what you're looking for. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
That sounds great. Would you book either of those for me for Wednesday at 20:00 for 6 people?
I was able to book at J restaurant for you. Your reference number is 3KVIT5AR. They will only hold the table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else?
Nope that sounds great, thank you
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
***
I need the address and phone number of a restaurant in the south part of town.
There are nine restaurants in the south part of town. What kind of food would you like?
I don't care.
Chiquito restaurant bar is in the south part of town. It's address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, and it's phone number is 01223 400170. 
Can you tell me what kind of food they serve? 
Chiquito restaurant bar serves Mexican food.
I want one in the moderate priced range. What is the price range of Chiquito restaurant? 
I'm afraid Chiquito restaurant bar is expensive. Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south.
What is the address for Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?
Their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
sorry what is the area again?
it is located in the south part of town
Thank you, goodbye
Have a nice day.
***
Are you able to find me a french expensive restaurant?
There are 2 expensive French restaurants. Restaurant Two Two, and Cote. Which would you like to book?
I like the sound of Restaurant Two Two, could you give me their postcode, address and phone number? 
Restaurant Two Two is located at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43ax. You can reach them at 01223351880. Any other information I can provide? 
No, that's everything I needed today. Thank you.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the west part of town. Could I also get the phone number and address of the restaurant?
There is La Margherita and Prezzo. Which one were you looking for?
I dont care. 
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west of town, and is in the moderate price range. The address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and the phone number is 01799 521260.
Thank you.
You're welcome. Let us know if we can help you with anything else. 
***
I would like a restaurant that serves world food. It should be a really good restaurant, and it's OK if it's expensive.
There are no matching restaurants
How about Italian ? I would like to go to nice place with great atmosphere and expensive, I would like the address, phone number and area
Caffe Uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 448620.
Thank you goodbye
enjoy your meal!
***
Hello, I am looking for a Lebanese restaurant in any area. Could you please provide me with a phone number and postcode? I'm very hungry and need food!!
Ali baba is a lebanese restaurant in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01462 432565 and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 N.T 
Thank you, goodbye!
You're welcome!
thank you goodbye
Thank you, goodbye. 
***
I want to find a restaurant serves corsica food please. 
We have no matching results.
How about gastropub?
What part of town would you like?
I do not care
Does the price range matter to you?
Nah, whatever you can find is cool.
There are four results matching your query: backstreet bistro, royal standard, the cow pizza kitchen and bar, and the slug and lettuce. 
What is the address of Backstreet bistro?  Phone number and post code?
The Backstreet Bistro's address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre, postcode is C.B 1, 2 Q.A and the phone number is 01223 306306.  Anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you, goodbye.
Enjoy the restaurant and have a nice day. Good bye.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant that offers British food in a moderate price range, can you help me with that?
Yes I have many in the center of town and on in the west. Do you have a preference for area?
Let's try the west.
I have one in the west called Saint Johns Chop House. Would you like  a reservation here?
For now, can I just get the phone number and postcode?
Their number is 01223353110. Postcode is cb30ad.
Thanks, that's everything I need.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
***
Can you please help me find a cheap italian restaurant?
I show five that fit your criteria. May I ask the location you are in? This would help refine our search.
It doesn't matter what area. Can you book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on Wednesday.
Would you like more details on any of the available restaurants before booking a table?
If there is one that you know of that you recommend, that would be fine. I don't know any, so some guidance would be great.
How about la margherita?
Okay as long as it's in the same price range.
La Margherita was unavailable. I was able to book you at Zizzi Cambridge which is in the same price range. Your reference number is QRJ5MP30. Is this acceptable?
Great Yes it is and thank you.
Will you be needing anything else today?
No, that's all. Thanks again for your help.
Thank you for using our service. 
***
I would like a moderately priced steakhouse restaurant.
There are no moderately priced steakhouse restaurants. Would you like to change your query?
How about moderately priced British food?
There are four options in centre and one option in west. Do you have a preference on the area?
Can you give me the phone numbers please
Do you want the phone numbers to Restaurant One Seven? 
Okay, so may I have the number please?
Restaurant One Seven's phone number is 01223 337766.
Thank you, goodbye
Have a nice day
***
Can you find me a restaurant that is located in the centre and is in the moderate price range?
Of course! There are 21 such restaurants available. Do you have a preference for the type of food?
Yes, Australian, please.
I actually do not have knowledge of any moderate Australian restaurants in the centre. There are some British restaurants I could inform you about.
Actually, could you look up some turkish restaurants instead?
There are 2 Turkish restaurants, the Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation at one of them for you?
Yes,I need to book a table for 6 people at 17:00 on Sunday, please.
I have made a reservation at Efes Restaurant for 6 people on Sunday at 17:00.  The reference number is 8NR6PAIM.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all, thank you good by. 
Thank you, let me know if you need anything else, bye. 
***
Could you help me find a restaurant that's moderately priced, and services sri lankan cuisine?
I'm sorry, I don't see any moderately priced sri lankan restaurants. Would you like to try another sort of cuisine?
Yes, are there are restaurants with lebanese cuisine?
No, I'm sorry, there are no Sri Lankan restaurants in the moderate or the expensive price range. Can I help you find something else?
Do you have a moderately priced restaurant serving lebanese food?
Yes. Ali baba serves lebanese. May I book a table for you?
yes see if there is booking for 6 people at 11:15 on thursday.
I'm sorry, I was unable to book the restaurant. Would you like to try a different restaurant? 
Yes, is there another restaurant serving lebanese food that you can recommend?
No I am sorry the ali baba is the only one. Another place maybe?
Yes, please try a different restaurant in the same area and price range. 
I was able to book you at the oak bistro. your reference number is 11WH7X3K. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that should do it! Thanks!
Okay great! Enjoy your lunch.
***
Yes, may I have the address for restaurants in the south part of town. Preferably something moderately priced. 
There are two options.  Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton serves Italian food and is located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Restaurant Alimentum serves Modern European food and is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road.  Anything else I can help you with today? 
That'it. Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome, enjoy your food.
***
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the west part of town
Okay I have found 2 restaurants. One is in the moderate price range and one is in the cheap price range. 
I want the cheap one please
La Margherita fits the bill.  Great place.  Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, Please. I'd like it for 3 people at 6:45pm on Saturday.
That booking was successful. Your reference number is 3LWL9XAA.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.
Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy your meal!
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Catalan food in any price range.
Where would like it to be located?
It does not matter. 
Do you have a certain price range?
no, I don't care 
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving Catalan food.
Is there a restaurant that serves international food? Can you give me the address?
There are three. How about the varsity restaurant, their address is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre
I will try that one.  Thank you and good bye.
Thank you for calling this system. Goodbye.
***
I need a South restaurant with british food.
I'm sorry but I cannot find any british food located in the south part of town.
Is there a chinese restaurant in the south part of town? 
I've found three Chinese restaurants in the south part of town. Does price range matter to you?
No, any price range is fine. I would just like to know the address and price range of one of the restaurants.
Peking Restaurant is an expensive Chinese restaurant that is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you.
Thank you.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant my friend recommended, I think she called it the Curry Prince. 
Yes, I found what you're looking for. Would you like the address?
Sure, and can you book it for Friday at 12:00 for 3 people?
The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Unfortunately, the restaurant is fully booked. Do you have another restaurant or type of food in mind?
Something in the same area and price range would work. 
I have rajmahal which is in the same area and price range.  Would you like me to book a table there?
Sure thing. I'll need a reference number too.
Your booking was successful, the reference number is FYFXWH1Z. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Thank you so much.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all for today. Thank you so much for your help. 
You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
***
I don't care about the price range. Just recommend me a restaurant that serves European food. I would also like to get the phone number and directions.
What area of town would you like?
I don't care about the area.  Anywhere.
the cambridge lodge restaurant is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.   
Thank you, goodbye
Have a great day and enjoy your food.
***
Are there any moderately priced places to eat with British styled food?
Yes, I have 5 places. What about cotto?
Cotto is fine. I want to book a table for 1 person at 12:00 on Sunday.
Cotto is completely booked for Saturday at noon. Could I direct you to a different restaurant?
Yes, please book me a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
Restaurant one seven is also British cuisine, moderate priced, in the center of town and they are able to accommodate your reservation. 
Thank you that sounds like a great place.
I have booked your reservation for restaurant one seven on Saturday at 12:00. Your reference number is DYSZRX2B. Do you need any other assistance?
no, that will be all. thank you very much.
Have a great day!
***
Hi.  This might be a long shot, but can you help me find a restaurant that serves Swedish food?  I don't care about price.
There are no restaurants serving Swedish food.
How about asian oriental type of food?
Dojo Noodle Bar serves Asian Oriental food in the centre of town. Would you like their number?
No thank you.  I just need the address and postcode, please.
Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their postcode is C.B 2, 1 R.Q. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system.  Good bye.
***
I want to eat chinese food in the centre.
How about Charlie Chan?  It is a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre.
Sure. I would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:00 on Saturday. 
I'm booking you a table for 5 at 11:00 Saturday at Charlie Chan. What name should I place this under?
Book it for XXXX, can I please get a reference number?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Are there any other cheap restaurants in the area?
Not in that criteria, perhaps another area or price range?
Are there any in the same area and price range but not Chinese?
I don't know what I was thinking earlier, we actually have a lot of cheap restaurants in the centre. J Restaurant serves Asian Oriental. Should we try that?
Yes, please try J Restaurant. Asian Oriental food sounds good.
I was able to book you into the J restaurant and your reference number is 87G7FWZM.
Thank you for your help! That will be all. Good Bye.
You're welcome, have a great day!
***
I'd like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
There are 3 restaurants in the moderate price range and on the east part of town. Would you like Indian or Italian food?
I don't have a preference. Either one is fine.
Rajmahal is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the east part of town. Would you like more information?
Yes please. can i have the address, phone number and postcode ?
Here is the information you asked for. phone is 01223 244955 and address is at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 R.G. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, Thank you. 
Your welcome good bye
***
Hello, I need some French food. Any price range is fine.
Cote is an expensive French restaurant in the city centre.
What is the address and phone number?
Cote is located on Bridge Street City Centre, and their phone number is 01223 311053. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for calling the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
Can you recommend a restaurant in the city centre that serves light bites?
I'm sorry, we have no light bites restaurants in the city centre. Would you like to try another cuisine?
Then how about one that serves european food?
Yes, there are 8 restaurants that meet that criteria. I can recommend the Eraina.
Do they have booking available for 3 people at 11:15 on Friday?
I am sorry I am not able to book that for you. I was able to get a table for you at michaelhouse cafe. Your reference number is VUH4CST4. 
Thank you for your help.
Have a great day.
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
golden wok is  a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
Is there anything else?
The Nirala is moderately priced restaurant in the north of town as well.
What kind of food does The Nirala serve?
The Nirala serves Indian 
What is their phone number?
The phone number for the nirala is 01223 360966.  Can I help you with anything else today? 
No, thank you. I have all the information that I need now.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
Good bye
Goodbye. 
***
I'd like to find a restaurant serving Christmas food.
I'm sorry, there is no restaurant listed serving Christmas food.  Would you like to try something else? 
How about indian food?
cocum serves indian food, in the expensive price range and in the west part of town
What's the address for cocum?
Cocum's address is 71 Castle Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. Goodbye.
You're quite welcome.  Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a danish restaurant in the centre of town.
I'm sorry, I don't have anything matching that description. Would you be willing to expand your area to see what we can find?
No I think I'd rather find something European in the center of town that is cheap. Can you help me with that?
I'm sorry, but I don't have anything matching that description. Would you like to expand your food type to find more?
Sure, how about about one that serves Indian food?
There is a restaurant called Kohinoor that serves cheap Indian food in the centre area. Would you like to book a reservation?
No thank you, but can I please have the address, postcode, and phone number?
Yes certainly their address is 74 Mill Road City Centre and their postcode is cb12as. Their telephone number is 01223323639. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I don't need further help. Thank you.
You are welcome. Please contact us again soon. Have a good day. 
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is an Italian restaurant in the south of town in the moderate price range.
What type of food are they. What is their address?
They serve Italian food. The address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thank you. Good bye 
You're welcome.  Enjoy!
***
I would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town
La margherita is in the west part of town, and it is in the cheap price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to know the phone number please 
It is at 01223 315232.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you. Goodbye!
***
Hi there, can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town? Someplace with British food?
I've heard great things about cotto. Want a reservation?
What price range is that restaurant?
Cotto  is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No that won't be necessary, could you just give me the address and postcode please?
Sure, the address is 183 East Road City Centre and the postcode is cb11bg.
Great, that's all for now. Thanks!
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
***
Are there any expensive restaurants in the city centre you could recommend?
There are many expensive restaurants in the city centre. Do you have a cuisine preference? 
I would like to eat Indian food.
There are 5 Indian restaurants available in the centre. What day are you looking to dine?
I need a reservation for Thursday.  There will be 1 person at 11:15.  Any of the 5 restaurants would be fine.
I was able to get you a table at The Golden Curry. Your reference number is 7DD4DK3N and they'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you and goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye. 
***
looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve british food and should be in the expensive price range.
Fitzbillies restaurant at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre fits your request.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
I would. It's a party of 6 for Monday at 15:45. Can I get the reference number when you're done?
Your reservation has been made. The reference number is GK4F8AFS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything. Thanks for your help.
welcome next time
Thank you for your help
You are more than welcome!

***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town. One Chinese and one Indian. Please specify the desired cuisine type.
Can I have the phone number of the Chinese place please?
Golden Wok is located in the north side of town, serves chinese food and is in the moderate price range.   Their phone number is 01223 350688.
OK,  Thank you 
Goodbye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant by the name of Royal Standard. Do you know where it is?
Yes, royal standard is in the city centre at 290 Mill Road.
Great.  Could you please book a table for 1 at 16:30 on Saturday?
I was able to make a reservation for 1 at the royal standard. Your reference number is: FZP2XK9Q. Do you need anything else today?
No, that is all I needed, thank you so much.  Bye.
You're welcome. Thanks for allowing me to help. Goodbye!
***
I want to eat gastropub food.
Do you prefer an expensive or a moderate priced restaurant?
I'd prefer moderately priced please.
I have one available. It's called The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. It's located in the center of town. Can I offer to book you a table?
No, thank you. Can I have the postcode? 
Their postcode is cb23qf
Thanks. That's all I need to today. Goodbye!
Have a nice day.  Bye.
***
Hi, I'm looking for a Persian restaurnt in the north part of the city.
Unfortunately there are no Persian restaurants in the city. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
How about asian oriental food?
Saigon city serves Asian oriental food, is in the north part of town and in the expensive price range.
Could you tell me the address and phone number please?
Of course. Their phone number is 01223 356555 and they are located at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system, goodbye.
***
I want to find a restaurant in the south part of town and serves scandinavian food.
There are no scandinavian restaurants in the south part of town. 
How about italian food?
Yes, we have two Italian restaurants in the south area.  Would you prefer the moderately priced or the expensive one?
I do not have a preference.  Please make a suggestion. 
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is an Italian restaurant, it is on the south part of town, and it is in the moderate price range. Would you like the address and phone number?
And postcode?
Post code is C.B 1, 7 D.Y , phone number is 01223 323737, and address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Great, thank you 
Thank you, have a nice day!
***
Hi.  I was wondering if there are any Eastern European type restaurants in the south part of the city?
Unfortunately, there are no eastern European restuarants in the south part of the city. Is there anything else you want?
I'm looking for an expensive eastern european place in the south.
Unfortunately, I don't happen to have any listing that meets what you were looking for. Would you like me to try either a different area or type of restaurant?
How about a Chinese restaurant?
Certainly, we have two expensive Chinese restaurants the good luck chinese food takeaway, and peking restaurant. Would you like a reservation at one, if so for how many?
I would like a reservation for 2 to the peking restaurant.
OK, and what day and time would you like that reservation?
I'd like to make a reservation for Saturday at 11:45. And there has been a change in plans, I will be dining alone.
Your reservation is complete. Would you like anything else?
Can I get the reference number for that reservation? 
Yes, the reference number is KNL2J63Q.
Excellent. That is everything!
Awesome. Enjoy your meal. 
***
Hello, could you please find me a place to dine?  
Did you have a certain area or price range you would like to dine at?
The restaurant should be in the west and should serve expensive kosher food.
I do not have any restaurants meeting that description. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Do you have one that serves British food?
There are 2 restaurants that serve British food, the Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Would you like me to book one for you?
Sure, either as long as it is expensive and in the west.  Can you book a table for 1 on Tuesday at 17:45?
Ok, I have you booked at Graffiti on Tuesday at 17:45.
Can I get a reference number please?
Sorry, apparently that booking didn't clear. I got you a table at Travellers Rest instead. Reference number is: BRTYJSC8. Can I help with anything else?
No, Thanks for all your help
Enjoy your meal and have a great day!
***
I am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves Cantonese food.
There are no restaurants that serve Cantonese food in the moderate price range.
How about chinese type of food?
the Golden wok serves chinese food and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location? 
Their phone number please.
Their phone number is 01223 350688.
What is the area?
it is located in the north part of town
Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Goodbye.
***
i am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called restaurant two two.
Restaurant Two Two is an expensive french restaurant on the north side.  Would you like to make a reservation? 
Can you book a table for 8 people at 11:00 on thursday?
Yes, your ref. # is E7D8F4SM. Can I help you with anything more?
No thank you! That is all!
Have a great day!
***
I'm trying to find a restaurant called The Slug and Lettuce. Do you know where that is?
Yes it is in the centre area. 
I'd like to book it for 3 people at 16:45 on Saturday.
Certainly. I have booked you for Saturday at 16:45 for 3 people The Slug and Lettuce. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today? 
Could I get a reference number please?
I am sorry.  I went to get the reference number and now the system is not providing a reference number.  I can look for another restaurant.
***
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant on the south side of town. 
There is a place called Nandos that specializes in Portuguese food on the south side of town.
What is the address and postcode?
The phone number is 01223 327908 and the postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system!  Have a great day!
***
I'm looking for a mexican restaurant in the south part of town. 
Chiquito restaurant bar is located in the south part of town is in the expensive price range. Would you like additional information?
What is the phone number and price range
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is expensive. Their phone number is 01223 400170. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like the address please. 
The address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
OK thank you. That's all for today then.
Thank you and good bye.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves Welsh food.
There are no Welsh restaurants in the north of town. Would you like something else?
Italian
Da Vinci Pizzeria would be your only option in the north. Would you like their address and phone number?
That would be great thanks!
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707.  May I help you with anything else? 
That's it, goodbye
Thank you, goodbye.
Thanks!
You're welcome.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the east part of town
How about curry prince, they are in the moderate price range in the east part of town
Can I get the address, phone number, and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223 566388. Their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, 8 J.J.
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
***
I'd like to find an expensive place to dine that specifically serves italian food. 
Okay. Would you like to go to the centre or south part of town?
I would like the south part of town please.
Frankie and Bennys meets you criteria, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. There are 4 of us for this Friday at 16:00.
Booking was unsuccessful. Perhaps another day or time?
how about 15:00 instead?
Okay, that worked, and I've successfully booked your table. I can give you the reference number, if you'd like.
Yes, I will need the reference number.
Your Reference number is : VRU8VSG0.  Do you need any further assistance?
No that was everything I needed. Thank you for your help!
You're very welcome. Have a good meal!
***
I'm looking for a restaurant, somewhere not too expensive, but not bottom of the barrel either, something in the mid range.
There are 31. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I would like them to serve barbecue food.
I'm sorry but there are none that serve barbecue food. Do you have an alternate cuisine preference? 
how about gastropub food?
All right, sir, the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar has gastropub food and it is in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation there?
yes please.book for five, at 1700hrs or 1600hrs and get me the reference number
What day would you like to book for? 
On Thursday please
Sorry, the restaurant isn't available at 17:00. Do you want to try a different time?
How about 16:00?
Yes, I have a reservation available for 16:00. Your reference number is GXV1UIFJ. Is there anything else you need?
That is all I need for today. Thanks for your extraordinary service!
You are very welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.
***
Hello, I would like to eat somewhere expensive in the North.
Saigon City is an expensive place in the north part of town.
Okay, I want to book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on saturday.
You are all set for a party of 6 on Saturday at Saigon City, reference #3IB3PPD0.  Is there anything else I could help you with today?
No thank you. That is all.
All right, enjoy your meal!
***
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food
It does not appear there are any restaurants serving afghan food
How about asian oriental food?
Kymmoy is in centre, and Saigon City is in north.  Would you like more information on one of those?
Could you tell me the phone number of Saigon City?
The phone number for Kymmoy is 01223 311911.   Would you like any additional information?   
Yes, I would like the number for Saigon City. 
01223 356555 is the number. 
Thank you. Can you also tell me the address for Saigon City, please?
the address for saigon city is 	 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the north part of town
thank you good bye
THANK YOU GOO BYE
***
I need an expensive restaurant
What kind of food are you interested in?
I would like Vietnamese food 
No restaurants matching your queries have been found. Would you like to search for another food type?
Is there any restaurants severing North American food.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen is an expensive restaurant that serves North American food.
Is that expensive? 
Yes, it is listed as expensive in my database. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, I would like to have the phone number and postcode please. 
phone number is 01223 312598, postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.B.
***
Hi.  I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Irish food.  Can you help me?
I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants that serve irish food. Would you like help with anything else? 
Can i have a thai restaurant instead ?
There are two Thai restaurants. There is sala thong in the west area and bangkok city in the centre area
***
Help me find a restaurant called hakka please
That restaurant serves chinese food and is expensive.
I'd like to book a table for 3 people for saturday at 1815 please.
Great, I have booked that for you and your reference number is XDYJMTO7.
Thank you for your help, good day.
You as well. Thanks for using the service!
Of course! Thanks, good bye.
welcome again next time. enjoy our services
***
Hi.  Can you please help me find a restaurant that serves food from singapore ?  I'd like it to be on the East side of town if possible.
There are no restaurants serving Singaporean food on the east part of town.
Can you help me find some Chinese food then?
Yu Garden is located on the east part of town. Would you like the telephone and address?
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 P.A, and the number is 01223 248882.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
I am looking to eat at Rajmahal.
Of course. Rajmahal is located in the east part of town, at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton.
Can I get their phone number and postcode so I can pay them a visit. It sounds like a great place to dine. 
Sure! Their phone number is 01223244955 and postcode is cb58rg. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nope, that was all that I needed to know, thank you.
You're very welcome. Feel free to let us know if you need anything else.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves Australasian food. 
There are no restaurants matching your requests.  May I help you find a different type of restaurant? 
I'd like to find some Mediterranean food and need to know their address and phone number.
There is an expensive restaurant that serves mediterranean food located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223 362525.
Thank you!
thank you goodbye
***
Hi, I need a recommendation for a restaurant in town.
I know several great restaurants! Do you have a cuisine or location preference? Or maybe a price range preference?
The restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the moderate price range. 
I think xxx restaurant is good 
Is there a Yelp rating for the restaurant?
I'm sorry, but I don't have Yelp ratings. 
ok. book what you deem best and get me the reference number.
Does the Golden Wok sound good? I will need to know how many are in your party and what time you'd like a reservation.
The reservation is just for me this Saturday at 15:45, please.
Before reserving, I just want to confirm you want the reservation for the Golden Wok?
Yes, I would like a reservation for the Golden Wok, for one person at 15:45 this Saturday. Please give me the reference number as well.
OK, I have your table booked. Your reference number is 0IYMOQTN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.
Thank you for using our services.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant to have a meal.
Sure thing, do you have a type of food you'd like or a specific area you'd like to eat in?
The restaurant should be in the south, and should serve eastern European food if there is a restaurant like that.
I am sorry, there are no restaurants that meet that criteria. Can I help with anything else?
How about Portugese?
There is one, shall I book it for you?
What price range is that one?
This is a cheap one.
I need a table for 4 at 19:30 on Thursday. If that time is unavailable, please reserve for 18:30.
I have booked you a table for four people on Thursday at 19:30 at nandos. The reference number is X15NtNNN. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all the information that I needed. Thank you for your time.
Thanks for using our helpline. Hope you have a great day. 
Thank you! You too! Good Bye.
Bye, and have a great time at nandos!
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. 
There are five restaurants in the expensive category in that area. Would you prefer Mexican, Italian, Chinese, or Indian?
I would prefer Mexican
Chiquito Restaurant Bar serves expensive Mexican food in the south part of town.  Would you like more info?
What is the address and phone number?
The address for the Mexican restaurant chiquito restaurant bar is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you goodbye. 
You're welcome. Good bye.
***
I would like to book a table at a turkish place and is moderately priced.
You have your choice of Anatolia or Efes restaurant. 
I will choose Anatolia . Address please ?
The address is 30 Bridge Street in the centre.
Can you book me a table for 7 at 12:30 on thursday? 
I got a table at efes instead for you. Your reference number is 2J5AEMRI. Is there anything else?
That will be all thank you.
Thank you for using the system,goodbye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves danish food. 
I'm sorry but there is no matching records found that fits your requests .
what about international food? 
There are three restaurants that serve international food. Would you like a specific price range?
I do not have a preference. 
bloomsbury restaurant is in the centre and serving international food and it is a moderate price is there anything I can help you with?
Can I get the phone number and postcode, please?
bloomsbury restaurant's phone number is 0871 942 9180, their postcode is C.B 2, 3 D.T
Thank you bye bye
Have a nice day! 
***
Is there any place that serves BBQ around here?
I'm sorry there are no bbq places in the city, Is there another type of food you would be interested in?
I am interested in Portuguese food.
There are two portuguese restaurants. Would you prefer the south or centre part of town?
I don't care. can you give me one of the address ?
Sure, nandos in the south and its phone number is 01223 327908
I don't care about the price range.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.
***
Hi.  Can you please help me find a moderately priced restaurant in the South part of town?
here is a list of restaurants located in the south side of town in the moderate price range
May I have the address and phone number please
pizza hut cherry hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and phone number is 01223 323737.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you!  Goodbye.
***
Hi, I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east.
Royal Standard is an expensive gastropub in the east. Would you like to book a table?
That won't be necessary. Can you just give me their address and phone?
The address is 290 Mill Road City Centre. The phone number is 01223247877. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. I'm all set. Thanks again.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Scandinavian food
No results for your query have been found. Would you like to try again?
Are there any cheap restaurants that serve Italian food?
Yes, there are five options for cheap Italian food.  Three are located in the centre of town, one in the north, and one in the west part of town.  Do you have a preference on area?
It really doesn't matter, but I suppose the north. Can I get the address and phone number please? 
Of course.  Da vinci pizzeria is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and the number is 01223 351707.  
Thank you for your help. 
You're welcome, enjoy your food.
***
 am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range
I have two choices in that area and price range.  Would you prefer Italian or Vietnamese?
I would prefer Vietnamese.
Thanh Binh is a cheap Vietnamese restaurant in the west. Shall I book a reservation for you?
Yes please. I'd like it to be for Tuesday at 12:00. 
How many people should I make the reservation for?
There will be 7 of us.
The booking was successful and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is KH5F18TN. Anything else I may assist you with?
No that's it. Thanks for your help!
You are welcome! Have a nice day!
***
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the cheap price range and in the east part of town.
The Missing Sock serves cheap food in the east part of town. 
can i have the phone and address ?
the address of the missing sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and phone number is 01223 812660
thank you for your help, good bye.
thank you very much, good bye.
***
I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town, please.
Do you have a preference as to food type? I found matches for British, Indian, Chinese, and Gastropub.
I don't have a preference.
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town that serves British food.
What is the address?
The address of the Grafton Hotel Restaurant is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Thank you and good bye.
You're welcome. Good bye.
Bye.
enjoy your meal.
Goodbye.
good bye
***
moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town please
There are two italian and one british moderatley priced restaurants. Are there any you would like to know more information on?
Please give me the address of the british restaurant.
Saint Johns Chop House is a British restaurant located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street.
what type of food do they serve ?
Saint Johns Chop House serves british food .
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
***
Hi.  I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Welsh food.  Can you help me?
no information found
How about Portuguese food? I don't care about the price range.
which area of town would you prefer? 
Portuguese food in any area
There are two restaurants serving portuguese food. Nandos in the South and Nandos in City Center. Would you like further information on either of those?
Could you give me the phone number and address of the Nandos in City Center?
Nandos can be found at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street and can be reached at 01223 327908. Can I assist you with anything else? 
No thanks, that is all. Goodbye.
Thank you and have a great day!
***
Hi. I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of the city?
We have many options! Did you have a specific price range?
Definitely cheap.  
There are several, two on Regent Street, and one at 12 Bridge Street. Do you have any preferences?
It doesn't matter. What do you recommend?
I would recommend one of the locally owned restaurants. What is your address? I can find one of the closest to you. Do you want to walk?
Please just book a cheap Italian one for me in the centre, I need it for 8 people at 13:45 on Saturday.
I was able to book a table at zizzi cambridge for 13:45. Your reference number is KSYHRB8I.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. You've been a great help!
Have a wonderful day, and enjoy your meal!
***
I would like a Hungarian restaurant in the west of town.
There are no Hungarian restaurants in the west of town. Would you like to change your query?
Is there any Indian food on the west side of town.
There are 6 Indian restaurants in the west part of town. What price range do you have in mind?
The price range doesn't matter.
Would you like the name, address and phone number of a few of them?
Yes, but just for one. 
Cocum is located at 71 Castle Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 366668.   Their price range is expensive.  
Thank you!
You're welcome. May I help with another query?
Nope, I'm good. Thanks again.
Goodbye. 
***
I would like a restaurant in centre city serving spanish food. 
la raza is a Spanish restaurant in the city centre that is in the cheap price range.
Please give me La Raza's address and postcode. Please give me La Raza's phone number.
The address for La Raza is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, and the postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L. La Raza's phone number is 01223 464550.
Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye. 
Goodbye!
Goodbye.
***
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
Chiquito restaurant bar is a Mexican restaurant located in the south part of town and the price range is expensive.   Would you like their address?
Sounds great. What is their phone number?
Their number is 01223 400170. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
Bye bye.
You hang up first, sir!
***
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
Certainly.  Some of your options are: The Grafton Hotel Restaurant, the Pipasha restaurant, the Royal Standard, the Sitar Tandoon, and the Yu Garden.
So many choices.  Can you just suggest one and give me the address, phone number and postcode? 
How about Pipasha restaurant, they serve indian food, and their phone number is 01223 577786. Their address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A
Thank you very much!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant in the south.
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway or Peking Restaurant would meet your needs. Would you like to make a reservation? 
No reservation right now, I just need the phone number.
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway can be reached at 01223244149. The Peking Restaurant can be reached at 01223354755. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
***
I want a danish restaurant in the south.
There are no Danish restaurants in the south.
How about an Italian restaurant in the south?
There is a frankie and bennys located in the south.
phone number and postcode
The phone number is 01223 412430.  The postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye.
thank you ..good bye 
***
Hi, I want a Tuscan restaurant that's expensively priced.
I'm sorry, there are no Tuscan restaurants in the expensive price range.  Would you like to try something else?  
How about korean food?
Little Seoul is an expensive restaurant in the Centre area. Would you like the address?
Yes please.
The address is 108 Regent Street City Centre. Do you need any further information?
No, thank you. 
enjoy your meal!
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the cheap price range.
Royal Spice is in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range. 
can i have something else?
Da vinci pizzeria serves is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location? 
What is the address?
their address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton
Thank you good bye. 
You're welcome, goodbye
***
Are there any Chinese restaurants in the centre part of town?
jinling noodle bar is in the centre abd serves chinese food
Are they expensive?
They are in the moderate price range.
Please look for something else in the expensive price range. I will need the address, post code and phone number.
Does the Jinling Noodle Bar sound like a good choice?
Sure! What's the address, postcode, and phone number of it?
their address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, postcode is cb23pp , and phone number is 01223566188

thank you for your help
Thank you goodbye
***
Can you find me a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?
Meghna is an indian restaurant in the west part of town and in the moderate price range. 
What is the phone number?
01223 727410
Thank you good bye. 
Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
Thank you . Good bye 
thank you 
***
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the north part of town.
There are 5 available restaurants. What food would you like?
The restaurant should serve chinese food.
There are two options for your preferences: Hakka on Milton Road in Chesterton and The Hotpot at 66 Chesterton Road in Chesterton.
Yes thank you, I would like to make reservations at The Hotspot at 66 for 4 people at 13:30 this Tuesday.
I could not get a table at the hotspot. I was able to reserve one for hakka however. Your reference number is PBSTNZCL.
Thank you that is all I need, bye. 
Thank you and enjoy your meal. Have a great day.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Do you have a preference on the type of food?
I don't have a preference.
Prezzo is an italian restaurant in the area of west in the moderate price range. 
What is the address?
prezzo is located at 21-24 northampton road. Do you want the phone number? 
No, thank you.  That is all I wanted to know.  Good bye.
Thank you for using the system. Good bye.
***
I'm looking for a steakhouse restaurant in the east part of town. 
What price range would you like?
Any price range will be fine. 
I have no steakhouse in the east area, but The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is located in the centre area.
I really need something in the east part of town. How about Indian food?
Curry Prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east of town that serves Indian food.
Sounds great, what is their address and phone number?
Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton; their phone number is 01223566388.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Im up north, whats the address for a mediterranean place around here?
What price range would you like?
I do not care about the price range.
There are no Mediterranean location in the north part of town. However there is an International place call the Bloomsbury restaurant. 
What about mediterranean in any part of town?
There are three Mediterranean restaurants in the centre of town. Would you prefer an expensive or a cheap restaurant?
Price doesn't matter, I would like the address, phone number and the postcode please
La mimosa serves Mediterranean food. Their phone number is 01223 362525, their address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton and their postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q.
That sounds good. Thank you.
you're welcome. Good bye
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves Italian food.
There are five restaurants in the cheap price range that serve Italian food. What area are you looking for?
I don't care which area.
ask serves italian food and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes please, I would like their address.
Ask is located at 12 Bridge street city centre. Their telephone number is 01223 364917.
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a good day!  Goodbye. 
***
Could you find me a welsh restaurant in the cheap price range ?
Therea are no Welsh restaurants listed.
How about italian type of food?
In which area would you like to look?
Any area will be fine. 
Da vinci pizzeria serves Italian food in the cheap price range and it is in the North part of town.
What is their address and phone number?
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707. 
OK thank you for your help!
thank you goodbye
***
I want a restaurant that is moderately priced and located in the south.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is in the south part of town and in the moderate price range.
Are there any other restaurants I can choose from?
Restaurant Alimentum is also located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Can I have the address, phone number, and type of food served by Restaurant Alimentum?
They serve modern European food and are located at 152 - 154 Hills Road.  Their number is 01223 413000.
Thank you 
You are very welcome. Good bye.
***
I'm trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.  
the nirala is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
Is there anything else?  If so, please give the address and the phone number.
The golden wok is also a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, they are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688. How else may I assist you?
Nothing else. thank you . good bye
You're welcome. Good bye.
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced Japanese restaurant.
I'm sorry, but there is no restaurant serving Japanese food and in the moderate price range. Would you like to try another type of food or a different price range?
How about modern european food? 
There are 3 restaurants serving modern European food and in the moderate price range. Would you like the south or centre part of town?
I do not have a preference, please make a suggestion. 
de luca cucina and bar serves modern european food and is in the moderate price range.  Their phone number is 01223 356666 and they are located at 83 Regent Street 
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the system.
***
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Eritrean food. 
There is not a restaurant serving Eritrean food listed. Would you like something else?  
Yes, are there any restaurants that serve italian food?
There are five cheap restaurants that serve Italian food. What area would you like to search?
I do not have a preference. 
Ask is a cheap Italian restaurant located in the Centre part of town.
I need their address and phone number please
The phone number for Ask is 01223 364917, and they are located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre.
Great! Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a nice day! 
***
I'm looking for a place to eat in the east side of the city.
The Curry Prince is on the east side of town.
Do they serve chinese food?
No they do not serve Chinese food, however the Yu Garden does and is in the east side.
What is the address?
Yu Garden's address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, what is the price range?
Yu Garden is in the expensive price range. Do you want the address and phone number? 
I already got the address, thank you.  That is all I needed.  Good bye.
thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and in the west
There are 9 matching restaurants. What food would you like?
I would really like to try some British food please.
I have 2 matching restaurants.  Would you like more details on them?
No, if you could just book me into one for saturday, that would be great.
Ok, how many people and what is the time preference?
I need if for four, 13:30, Saturday. 
Sure, you're booked at Travellers Rest with reference number A5LK844G. May I help with anything else?
Okay great no that will be it.
Okay. Glad I could be of help. Please call again.
***
Good Morning, Can you help me locate a moderate priced restaurant in the centre part of town please?
Sure, we have many good options. What cuisine type do you prefer? 
It doesn't matter.
How about The Oak Bistro? It serves British food.
Sure, may I have their address please?
The restaurant is located at 6 Lensfield Road.
Great! I think that was all I needed. Thanks. Have a nice day. 
You are very welcome! Enjoy your meal! 
***
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center that serves Turkish food
Hi, Anatolia and Efes Restaurant are two options in the centre for Turkish food. I hope you find what you're looking for!
could i have the address for the anatolia?
Sure thing, the address for the Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.  Anything else I can help you find?
Thank you, goodbye.
thank you. good bye.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves swiss food. 
I'm sorry but there are no swiss restaurants in town. Can i offer you something else?
How about vietnamese food?
Yes thanh binh serves vietnamese food and it is in the west part of town can i help you with anything else?
could I have the address and phone number please?
thanh binh is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and phone number is 01223 362456.
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve vietnamese food. 
what is the price range ?
They are in the cheap price range. 
Thank you, goodbye.
You're wecome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
***
I would like a british food restaurant in the centre.
Sure, there are 7 restaurants that meet your needs. 4 are moderate and 3 are expensive. Do you have a preference?
Only the best for my family .. we'll take the expensive one. Book us a table for 5 at 14:00 on Thursday.
I'm sorry I am having difficulty making a reservation for you. Shall we try another time or restaurant type?
Let's try Italian instead.
Caffe Uno is a very nice, expensive Italian restaurant in the center of town. Would you like a table there?
Actually, I change my mind. I think I want to stick with British food after all. Can you suggest any one thats in the centre of town?
Fitzbillies Restaurant, the Cambridge Chop House, and Midsummer House are all centrally located, british, and very expensive, but none have a table for 5 available on Thursday at 14:00.
Can you try the Cambridge Chop House for Thursday for 5 people at 13:00 instead? 
Your reservation at the Cambridge Chop House for 5 people at 13:00 on Thursday was successful. Your reference number is U6GV5ZZV. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
you're welcome, thank you for using our system.
You're welcome! It was great!
Have a good day!
***
Could you recommend an expensive restaurant in the city centre?
I show several restaurants in the City Centre. If you could perhaps indicate what type of food you would like it would narrow my search further.
It's for my friend's birthday and he really likes Thai food.
I can book a table at bangkok city for 2 when would you like the reservation?
Since I like Chinese food, could you see if any restaurants serve both Thai and Chinese food?
I apologize I do not have any listed that serve both cuisines.  Would you prefer one type of food?
Lets go with chinese food. He likes chinese just as much. Can you recommend one in the centre?
I have the ugly duckling in the centre. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Sounds good. Please make a reservation for 3 next Wednesday at 14:15.  I would like a reference number.
I cant get you a table there. How about tang chinese instead. Your reference number is SAG9PAI9. They have better food.
That is fine.  Thank you. 
You're welcome! Have a great day!
***
am looking for a train. The train should depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge.
I'm sorry, I'm experiencing an error in my system. Could you please restate your request?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant on the north side of town. 
There are two options for you. Royal spice and da vinci pizzeria. Do you have a preference?
Let's try the da vinci pizzeria. I'll need the address and phone number too, please.
da vinci pizzeria is a great choice! They are located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and the phone number is 01223351707
Great, thanks for all of your help!
You are welcome! Have a nice day.
***
Hello. I want a cheap barbeque restaurant.
There is not a restaurant matching your request.  Would you like a different restaurant? 
Are there any cheap indian restaurants?
There are four listings for the provided criteria. Do you prefer the centre or south area?
I don't care.
Kohinoor is a cheap Indian restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like their address?
yes please
The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I am wanting an expensive restaurant that offers African food. What is their number?
Where are you located? I see two that might work but Id like to offer the closest.
I do not care about the area of town.
Bedouin is an expensive African restaurant in the city centre. 
That sounds good, what is their number so that I can ring them?
Their phone number is 01223 367660.
Great! Thank you. Good Bye. 
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
Can you help me find a restaurant?
Are you looking for a particular style of food?
I'm actually looking for a particular restaurant recommended to me by the name of royal spice.
Yes, the Royal Spice is located on Victoria Avenue Chesterton and on the northern part of Cambridge.
May I ask what type of food does Royal Spice serve? 
Sure! It is Indian food.
I'll also need the postcode and area please.
Royal Spice is located in the north area and the postcode is cb41eh.
Great, thanks. That is all I need today.
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
***
 I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the centre.
Sure! Do you have a price range?
No.  I'm not looking for a particular price range.
I have several places, would you like me to try to book you into Curry Garden?
I don't have a price range but I would like it to be in the town centre for 2 people at 18:45.
Sure, which day will you be dining?
 book a table for 2 people at 18:45 on thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, Reference number is : VYSFHVFC.
thank you so much.
No problem, is there anything else I can help with today? 
That's it, thank you!
we appreciate you using our services. have a good day
***
I'm interested in finding a restaurant that serves Tuscan food.  Do you know of any in the moderate price range?
no I am sorry I don't have anything but I'm sure I could find you something that is simply Italian.
I'm sorry. I'm only looking for a place that is moderately priced and serves Tuscan food.
I apologize, but it appears tuscan with the moderate price range does not have any result.
That okay. Italian does sound fine, actually. Could you find a moderately priced Italian restaurant instead? 
I found Prezzo in the west part of town, would that work?
Yes, that works. Please book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on Wednesday. Can you do that?
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time slot?
Can we book the table for 8 people at 18:00 on Wednesday please?
Sure.  No problem.  Your reference number is 7U1BWJ5Q.
Thank you, that's all I need!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Can you find me a restaurant in the north part of the city?
There are 9 matching records in the north, what price range do you want ?
I don't care. 
Is there a certain type of food that you would like?
Yes, I would like world food.
I am sorry, I can't find any restaurant serves world food in the north . Is there another type of food or area you might be interested in today? 
Maybe some Indian food?
Great hit
***
I am looking for a place that serves African food. I don't care about the price range.
African huh? Where are you now? Id hate to send you somewhere far away
It doesn't matter. What suggestions do you have?
How about bedouin?
Please provide me with the address and phone number to Bedouin.
Bedouin is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 367660.
Thank you, goodbye. 
Enjoy your meal!
***
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant in the south that serves Tuscan food.
I'm sorry, there are not Tuscan restaurants at all.  Can I find a different cuisine type for you?
Okay. That's fine. Can you find me one that serves chinese food? 
I have 3 chinese restaurants available.  Is there a price range you would prefer?
I don't care. I just need a table for 5 people at 12:45 on Tuesday if you can book me one.
I have the lucky star with is in the south and cheap.  Would you like me to book at that restaurant?
Lucky star. Sure why not.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another time or different chinese restaurant?
Could you find me a place with the same price range in the same area?
The only other cheap restaurant in the center of the city is a Portuguese restaurant. Would you like me to book that for you.
Yes, please. Same people, date, and time.
I was able to book at table at Nandos for the time and date specified. Your reference number is 0W15TQOH. Can I help you with anything else today?
No I do not need anything else, thank you goodbye.
You're welcome, have a lovely day!
***
What is the address and phone number of a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?
da vinci pizzeria can be reached at 01223351707 and is located at 20 milton road chesterton
Thank you goodbye
enjoy your meal!
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.
The Curry Prince in on the east side of town and is in the Moderate price range.
What is there phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 566388.
Is there anything else I can help you with 
Is that all?
Yes, that is all I needed to know.  Thank you.
Thank you.
***
I am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant. 
Golden wok is moderately priced restaurant located in the north part of town.
Could you please give me their address and postcode?
Golden Wok is located 191 Histon Road Chesterton at and their postcode is C.B 4, 3 H.L. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
A moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town, please. Give me their address and phone number, too.
Do you have a food type preference because there are results for Indian, British, and Italian.
Indian is fine
Meghna is at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and their number is 01223 727410.  Can I do anything else for you?
No, that'll be all. Thank you! 
Thank you, and have a good evening! 
***
I want to find a restaurant serving basque food. I don't care about the price range
I'm sorry, but the system doesn't have info for what you are looking for. Is there a different type of food you may want?
yes, international food 
there are 3 restaurants serving international food,  which area of town are you interested in? 
I don't care.
Bloomsbury restaurant serves international food
Can I have the address please? 
Bloomsbury restaurant address is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street.
Thank you, goodbye. 
You're welcome. Good bye.
Goodbye.
Have a good day.
***
I am looking for a reasonably priced restaurant in the north part of town. 
How about Golden Wok located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton?
Okay, can I get the address and phone number please?
The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton. The phone number is 01223350688
Thank you, that is all I needed.  Have a good night.
You're welcome.  Good night.
***
I am looking for a cheap place to dine.
Do you have a preferred cuisine type?
I would prefer Indian food in the city centre please
I have listings for 3 in that area,can I recommend the gandhi at 72 Regent Street City Centre?
Is it in the cheap price range?
Yes, all three are in the cheap range.
Will you book me for this weekend ?
Which day would you like and the time?
***
I need to get to a restaurant known as the Lucky star
It is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thanks, please make a reservation there for 2 people at 18:00 on saturday.
I'm sorry, but there are no tables available at that time. Would you like to choose another day or time?
Sure, do they have any openings at 17:00?
Thank you goodbye
***
I need to find a restaurant that serves korean food located in the centre of town. 
There is one Korean restaurant in centre of town. It is expensive. It's called Little Seoul. Would you like a reservation?
Please book a table for 4 people at 19:15 on monday.
I am sorry by Little Seoul wasn't available at that time. Is there another option for dining I can look up for you?
How about a different restaurant within the same area and price range.
You are booked into kymmoy which serves asian oriental, in the town centre and expensive range. Your reference number is J39DEUPU. The address is 52 Mill Road City Centre.
That was very helpful. Thank you goodbye!
Thank you for using our system!
***
Hi, I want a moderately priced restaurant.
There are several restaurants in the moderate price range.  Do you have a preference for the type of food or part of town? 
located in the east side 
There is a moderate priced Indian Restaurant located on the east side, would you like that address?
Yes please, could I have the address, phone number, and postcode of the venue?
curry prince's address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, their postcode is C.B 5, 8 J.J. Their phone number is 01223 566388
Thank you.
You're welcome.  Anything else I can help you find?
That's it, thanks. Good bye.
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a modern European restaurant near the centre, could you hook me up?
Yes, I have 4 results matching your request, is there a price range you're looking for?
I would like moderate price range please. 
I found de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. Does either of them sound good for you?
Yes could you book me one seat at 17:45 on a Monday?
I'm sorry, there are no available seats at either of those restaurants.  Could you try another time or a different day perhaps?
Lets try a table for 1 on Monday at 16:45 instead. 
Okay, that worked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : MJEOQ3R5.
Fantastic. That's all I need, thank you!
Thank you for 7 for booking with us. Have a great day.
***
I want a moderately priced restaurant.
what part of town would you like? 
The south part of town. 
There is an Italian restaurant and one that serves Modern European. Which would you like?
No preference. You choose one please.
How about the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?
What is the address and phone number?
The address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 323737.
good bye
good bye
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the Centre.
Are you looking for a restaurant in the expensive, moderate or cheap price range?
It doesn't matter. I'm particularly interested in Jamaican food.
Unfortunately there are no Jamaican restaurants in the Centre area. Is there another area or food type that you would like?
Then how about somewhere serving modern european food? 
we have four restaurant that serves modern european food in the centre area, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes please. Give me the address of the best one of them. 
The most expensive would be Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop at 40270 King Street City Centre. Will that be all today?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you, and let us know if we can be of further assistance. 
***
i want an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
There are several expensive restaurants in the south part of town. Do you prefer mexican , indian, italian, or chinese?
Ok, then. I'll take Mexican. Can I get an address and phone number for the restaurant?
Ciquito Restaurant Bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you, goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye!
***
Hi.  Have you heard of Pizza Hut City Centre by chance? I may want to eat there soon.
Sure they are located at Regent Street City Centre. would you like me to book you there?
No, I just need the postcode and address please.  Is this an Italian restaurant?
Pizza Hut City Centre is listed as an Italian restaurant, yes. They are located at Regent Street City Centre in postcode cb21ab. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
Glad we could help. Please contact us again if you should have further questions or need a booking. Thank you.
***
an expensive restaurant please
Do you have an area of town or type of cuisine in mind?
I was thinking catalan food
There are no expensive catalan restaurants. Can I help you find something else?
Are there any mid-range Catalan restaurants?
Yes. what type of food do you want ?
How about Italian?
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the moderate price range.
Great, what is thier address, phone number and area?
Prezzo is located at 21-24 northampton road. Its phone number is 01799521260 and it is in the west. Is there anything else can I help you with? 
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you for calling, enjoy your meal! Goodbye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Japanese food. 
Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant that's in the centre part of town. 
Can i please have the phone number and address ?
Their phone number is 01223 462354 and their address is 36 Saint Andrews Street. 
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome.
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. What is the address and food?
La margherita an italian restaurant in the west part of town and in the cheap price range.  Their address is 15 magdalene street City Centre
Thank you.
You are welcome
***
I'm trying to find a moderately priced restaurant in the East part of town.  Can you recommend one to me?
There are three restaurants in the east part of town in the moderate price range.  Would you prefer Indian or Italian food? 
can you suggest me some indian ones ?
I would recommend rajmahal, a nice indian place in the east .
Thank you, can you please give me the address and phone number?
Certainly.  The address for Rajmahal is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 244955. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome.  Good bye.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant.
There are several cheap restaurants located in the centre part of town.
Do any serve spanish food?
Yes, La Raza serves Spanish food.  Would you like their phone number?
No, I would like the address and the post code please.
La Raza is located at 4-6 Rose Crescent, their postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using this system
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves lebanese food
There is the Ali Baba at the city center, would you like to have the address?
What is the address and phone number?
Address is 59 Hills Road City Centre and phone number is 01462 432565
thank you.  Goodbye!
Thank you. Good bye!
***
I am interested in finding an expensive restaurant serving Italian food. 
There are expensive Italian restaurants in centre and south. Do you have a preferred area?
I don't care which area the restaurant is located in.
There is a very nice Italian restaurant called Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar in the centre of town.
Can I have the address and phone number please? 
The phone number for stazione restaurant and coffee bar is 01223 352607 and they are located at Market Hill City Centre. 
what type of food do they serve? 
They serve italian food. 
Thank You
You're very welcome. Have a nice day! 
***
I need help finding a restaurant please.
What kind of food are you looking for and do you have a certain area you would like to visit?
I would really like to find someplace serving thai in the centre of town.
Bangkok city serves thai food in the centre. Do you want me to make a reservation?
Yes, I need a table for 4 people at 19:30 on Sunday.
You are booked for Bangkok city. Your reference number is 64OEFCHO. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else?
No, that is all thanks.  Good bye.
Have a great day, and please call us again if you need anything else. Bye!
***
Hello.  Can you please help me find a nice restaurant that serves Korean food?  I need to know the address too.
Little Seoul is a nice restaurant that serves Korean food.  The address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
And what is the postcode? 
The post code is C.B 2, 1.D P .  
Thank you. Good bye 
Thank you.
***
I need a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
There are 21 different restaurants that fit your criteria.  Is there a specific type of food you are looking for that could narrow down the list?
Can I get the food type and postcode of one you'd recommend?
I recommend anatolia, it is a turkish food type restaurant and its postcode is cb21uj.
Okay thank you very much.
Would you like to book a table, if so how many are dining?
Not at this time. Thank you for everything.
Thank you, and have a great day!
***
I am looking for a restaurant serving modern american food in the moderate price range.
I'm sorry I find no modern American food listed in any price category. may I try another cuisine for you, perhaps Italian?
Yes how about Turkish then?
Either Anatolia or Efes Restaurant would fit that criteria.  Can I reserve one for you?
yes i reserve to Anatolia restaurant.
I'd be happy to make your reservation. First I will need to know the day/time you're looking for and how many are in your party.
I'm sorry. I don't actually need to reserve at this time. I just need the phone number and address if you could provide that.
Sure.  Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223362372.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That would be it. Thanks a lot. Goodbye. 
Thank you for calling, goodbye.
***
Hi, can you help me find a restaurant in the centre area?
Of course! There are 69 restaurants in the centre. What type of food would you like?
I'm in the mood for italian food. Which is your favorite?
Sure, how about stazione restaurant and coffee bar. Can I make a reservation for you?
Great.  Can you book a table for 1 on Saturday at 12:45?
Your table is reserved. Reference number I40Q0GZM.
Terrific! You are great, please send me all this information to my e-mail, thanks.
You're welcome, was there anything else you need?
No I have everything I wanted to know. Thanks very much.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
Thanks. I will.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a fantabulous day!
***
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the south part of town. Could you recommend me three restaurants? 
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south of town, and Restaurant Alimentum is a moderately priced modern european restaurant in the south of town.
Is there a third restaurant?
There is not.
OK. Can you give me the address and phone number for Restaurant Alimentum?
Their phone number is 01223413000 and they are located at 152-154 Hills Road.
Thanks much! Bye!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for the phone number and address of a restaurant that serves european food?
There are a number of restaurants that serve european food, can you narrow down the area or price range?
I don't care. give me the address and phone number of one of them.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food and it is in the expensive price range. The phone number is 01223 355166 and the address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Great! thank you
Thank you and have a great day!
***
I would like a restaurant that serves brazilian food
there are no restaurants that serve brazilian food.
Please search for French food. I will also need the address and phone number.
I found two French restaurants, one in centre and one in north.  Do you have a preference on area?
I don't care.
Do you have a preference on the price?
I don't care 
Cote is a good french restaurant. It is located at bridge street city centre and its phone number is 01223311053. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, that is all I need.  Thank you and goodbye!
Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food.
There are several restaurants serving international food.  Would you prefer one in the centre or east part of town? 
I don't care.
There are three restaurants serving international food. What price range would you like?
***
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves french food
There is Restaurant Two Two in the the north side of town that serves French Food.
What is their address, number, and price range?
Restaurant two two is in the expensive price range.  their phone number is 01223 351880 and they are located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. Would you like anything else? 
No, that takes care of it. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
Can you recommend a good restaurant in the north part of town that serves Australasian food?
There are not restaurants matching your request.  May I help you find a different restaurant? 
How about Indian food instead?
There are two Indian restaurants in the north part of town. What price range are you looking for?
What are the price ranges of the two available restaurants?
One of them is cheap and the other is moderately price.
Tell me the address of the moderately priced one.
The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Street Chesterton.
What is the phone number?
The phone number for the Nirala is 01223 360966.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, goodbye
You're welcome.  Good bye.
***
I am looking for a high end Indian restaurant, are there any in town?
There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants in Cambridge. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
The restaurant should be in the west.
The Tandoori Palace sounds like just what you are looking for.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes please for 1 person saturday at 19:15 please.
All right, I've made your reservation. The reference number is NGOQ9J96. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Nope, that's all. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome, enjoy your dinner!
***
looking for mediterranean food
La mimosa serves mediterranean food in the centre of town. Would you like their information? 
Yes, I'd like the address and phone number please. 
it is located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton and you can reach them at 01223 362525 .
Thank you! Goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye
***
Is there any restaurants on the south part of town?
Yes, Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a nice restaurant in the south part of town.
I want a restaurant serving chinese food? What is the address and price range?
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. The price range is expensive and the address is 10 Homerton Street city Centre
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food. 
There are no restaurants serving vegetarian food.
How about turkish food?
Three restaurants serve Turkish food. Do you have a price preference?
I do not care
Anatolia is a turkish restaurant, in the moderate price range and in the centre of town. Do you want the address and phone number?  
Address, please.
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you goodbye
You're welcome.  Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range. It should serve Sri Lankan food.
I'm sorry but I have nothing listed. Is there another type of food you might be interested in?
I was really hoping for Sri Lankan.
I'm afraid there aren't any Sri Lankan restaurants in town at all. Is there something else I can search for you? 
How about gastropub?
I found three located in the centre and one on the east. Which would you prefer? 
Are they all listed as expensive?
Yes, they are all expensive. backstreet bistro is in the centre area, and royal standard is in the east. Would you like me to make a reservation at either of these?
Could you please give me the phone number for the Royal Standard?
Sure, it's 01223247877.
Okay, thanks. That will do it for today.
You are most welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
***
I want a place to dine that is in the centre please.
There are 69 restaurants in the centre. Would you like to narrow it down by type of food or price?
I would like to narrow it down by price and I want Chinese.
There is five different options, that are in various price ranges
***
Hi, I want a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town.
Pizza hut cherry hinton is in the south part of town and in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location? 
address and postcode please
Their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and their postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you, goodbye.
enjoy your meal!
***
can you tell me if there is a moderately priced restaurant serving spanish food anywhere in town? 
La Tasca serves Spanish food and is located in the town centre and is in the moderate price range.   
What is the address, phone number, and area?
Their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street in the Centre area. Their phone number is 01223 464630. Can I help with anything else?
No that is it, Thank you
Thank you for choosing our system. Goodbye  
Thanks again!
good bye
***
I want expensive Korean food.  I want the address and area of town.
Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the city centre and is in the expensive price range. The address is 108 Regent Street.
What part of town is that in?
Little Seoul is located in the centre of town.
I wanted Indonesian food if possible.  I wanted to ask about expensive Indonesian food first.
There are no Indonesian restaurants. May I search for something else?
Thank you for your help!
Not a problem. Have a good day and contact us again if you need anything else. 
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Moroccan food. 
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants serving moroccan food. Would you like something else?
Can i have the asian oriental type of food then ?
dojo noodle bar serves asian oriental food
Do you have an address?
Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre
May I have the postcode please?
Dojo Noodle Bar's postcode is C.B 2, 1 R.Q. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant serving mediterranean food. 
la mimosa is an expensive restaurant in the city centre that serves mediterranean food.
Is there another venue? 
There is The Gardenia if you're looking for a cheap restaurant.
What is the address and phone number? 
The Gardenia is located at 	 2 Rose Crescent City Centre and their phone number is 01223 356354.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're Welcome, good bye
I don't care about the price. Thank you goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for an austrian restaurant.
What area are you interested in today?
West.
There is no Austrian restaurant in West. Is there another area you might be interested in today?
How about italian food?
There are 15 results for Italian food. Do you have an area of town or price range in mind?
West part of town
Prezzo serves Italian food and is located in the west part of town.
Great, What is the phone number? 
The phone number is 01799 521260, Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome.  Goodbye!
Goodbye.
Good bye!
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
There are 33 restaurants in the centre serving expensive food. What type of food would you like?
The restaurant should serve japanese food.
Can I book Wamagama restaurant for you? It's a perfect fit.
I actually would just like their address, postcode and telephone number at this time.
Wagamama is located at 36 Saint Andrews Street, postcode cb23ar, phone 01223462354.  Do you need any further assistance?
That is all I need. Thanks for all your help!
I'm glad I could help. Have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Okay, I will. Thanks again. Bye!
Enjoy your stay! Bye
***
Hello, I am looking for a Hungarian restaurant on the east side of town. 
There are no restaurants matching your request.  Would you like a different restaurant? 
Yes, I'd like a Chinese restaurant in the east part of town.
yu garden is a chinese restaurant in the east of town.
Please give me Yu Garden's address, phone number, and postcode.
01223 248882, and the postcode is C.B 5, 8 P A
Thank you good bye. 
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
I am interested in a restaurant located in the north part of town that specializes in Indonesian food, please.
There are no restaurants serving Indonesian food in the north part of town. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
what about italian food? 
Da Vinci Pizzeria is a restaurant serving Italian food in the north part of town. Would you like any additional information?
Yes, may I have the address and phone number please?
The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Have a good evening. 
***
I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care.
grafton hotel restaurant serves british food, in the expensive price range and in the east. would you like to know the address and  phone number? 
Just the phone number is fine, please.
The phone number is 01223 241387. Will that be all?
That is all, thank you very much. Good bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge system. Goodbye.
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address and phone number?
Da Vinci Pizzeria, which is in the north part of town and the cheap price range, is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system
***
I'm looking for a restaurant in a moderate price range.
There are many, can I get a price range and area you would like the restaurant to be in to narrow down the search?
I would like a moderate price range and in the centre. Would you be able to book a table for friday at 19:30? It would be for 2.
Okay, there are 21 options. Would you like to choose a cuisine to narrow down the choices?
Why don't you choose one for me as long as I can get the tables booked.
I tried the yippee noodle bar which serves Asian Oriental food but it is booked. Do you want to stay with Chinese Asian cuisine?
Just please book a table anywhere for 2 on friday for 19:30 please. And I'll need a reference number.
Ok sorry about that. I can get you a table at restaurant one seven. Your reference number is A2RA63NX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Good bye.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Good bye.
***
I would like to find a cheap restaurant that serves tuscan food
nothing is matching your request. I'm sorry. 
Bummer.  Could you help me find some cheap Italian food then?
If you do not have a preference of area, I recommend La Margherita in the west. 
Sounds great, what is their phone number and address?
la margherita is located at 15 magdalene street city centre and the phone number is 01223 315232. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
How about italian?
La Margherita serves great Italian food. can i help with anything else ?
No that is all, thank you very much. Good bye.
You are very welcome. Good bye,
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Malaysian food and is in the cheap price range.
No matches found for cheap Malaysian food. Would you like something else?
How about vietnamese food, please?
Thanh binh is a nice restaurant that serves Vietnamese food and is in the cheap price range.
That sounds great!  May I have their phone number please? 
thanh binh's phone number is 01223 362456
Okay, thank you for your help!
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system, please call again.
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Welsh food.
I apologize, there are no restaurants in the expensive price range that serve Welsh food. Would you like a different type of food?
How about korean food?
Little Seoul is an expensive Korean restaurant. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like their address and what part of town they are located in. 
Little Seoul is located in the centre of town and the address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a nice day!  Goodbye.
***
A moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, please.
The golden wok is a nice restaurant in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes please.
The golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton
Phone number?
The Golden Wok's phone number is 01223 350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it, thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
is there a portuguese food restaurant?
Yes
Is there anything else?
There are two portuguese restaurants in town. Would you prefer one in the centre of town or in the south part?
Can I get the address and phone number, please?
Their address is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Their phone is 01223 327908
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using out system. Good bye.
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves english food
There are no restaurants that fit your desired criteria. Is there another cuisine type or price range?
European food that is moderately priced please.
galleria serves european food and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location? 
What is the address and postcode?
The address for Galleria is 33 Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.W. Can I help you with anything else?
That is it. Thank you.
thank you good bye
***
I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called city stop restaurant.
City Stop is located in the north of the city, and serves European food. May I help with anything else?
What is the postcode and their phone number?
City stop's post code is cb41uy and they can be reached at 01223363270. Would you like a reservation? 
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks for you help!
You are welcome and enjoy your  Stay
***
I am looking for a restaurant.
Is there a price range or type of food that you would prefer?
Not sure of that, I am looking for a restaurant named "ask."
That is an Italian restaurant located in the centre of town.  It is at 12 Bridge Street.  Can I call and reserve a table for you?
I would like to book a table for 5 people on Sunday at 14:15
I am afraid that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes, a different restaurant in the same area and with the same price range. 
Yes there are 15 restaurants that are a similar price range. Did you still want Italian?
Type of food doesn't matter. Which is the best one? I'll book that.
Your reservation is at the Dojo Noodle Bar at Millers Yard.  The reference number is W87AKIBY and the table will be held for 15 minutes.  Is that all?
That is all. Thank you!
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your dining experience.
***
Can you tell me where I can find an expensive chinese restaurant?
There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants. Do you have a specific area you would like?
I would prefer the city centre please.
I have 4. How about hk fusion?
I would like to book a table for 6 people at 13:30 on Sunday.
The booking for hk fusion was unsuccessful. Would you like a different restaurant?
Will try another one in the same area and price range? If you can book it, will you give me the reference number?
You are booked into the ugly duckling which is in the expensive price range in the centre of town. Your reference number is 3RFXW8G6. Is there anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you, good bye. 
Okay enjoy your lunch and thank you for calling.
***
Please find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
The Missing Sock is a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.  Would you like their location? 
Could I have their phone number please and type of cuisine they serve?
They serve international food and their phone number is 01223 812660.
That sounds good. Thank you for your help.
Thank you!  Goodbye.
***
I want a restaurant on the west end of town.
OK.  Are you looking for any particular type of food?
I don't care.
Are you looking for a particular price range?
A moderately priced restaurant would be good. 
Do you have a cuisine preference? 
No preference
How about Prezzo?  They serve moderately priced Italian food on the west side of town.
Can I please have their address and phone number?
prezzo's address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road, their phone number is 01799 521260.
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using our system. Good Bye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east part of town. 
Do you have a preference on type of food?
I don't care.
there are three venues to choose from
ok, what are they?
curry prince and rajmahal which both serve indian food. And pizza hut fen ditton serves italian food.
Could I get the address of one of them?
Absolutely.  Curry Prince's address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.
***
need a restaurant serving turkish style venue
OK, so you would like a Turkish restaurant. In what area would you like to eat?
Any area would be fine! Could I please get the address and postcode of a Turkish restaurant?
Anatolia is a Turkish restaurant at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, C.B 2, 1 U.J. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Hi, could you help me find a restaurant called ask.
Ask is a cheap Italian restaurant located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre, and their phone number is 01223364917
Are you able to set up a reservation for 8 people at 16:45 on Tuesday?
Unfortunately, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to look for another restaurant?
Please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
I can book at zizzi bambridge at 16:45 on Tuesday for 8 people.
That will work. 
Reference number is : WK5JKOHN. Need anything else?

That's all thank you for your help today!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
***
Hello.  Can you please recommend a Korean restaurant for me?
Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the epensive price range.  It is located in the centre area.
What is their phone number
the phone number is 01223 308681
What is the address?
Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye!
***
i want some mexican food.
The only listing for Mexican food is Chiquito Restaurant Bar. How else may I assist you?
I want a restaurant in the centre and serves asian oriental food? What is the phone number?
We have four Asian oriental restaurants in centre.  What price range do you prefer?
I don't care.
Dojo Noodle Bar serves asian oriental food and is located in the centre of town.  The price range is cheap.   
What is the phone number?
The phone number for dojo noodle bar is 01223 363471.  Would you like any other information? 
No, thank you, that's all I need.  Thank you and goodbye!
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving swedish food
I'm sorry, I can't find any cheap Swedish restaurants. Would you like to look for a different style of food, or increase your price range?
How about indian food?
There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the centre part of town, or Royal spice is a cheap Indian restaurant in the north. Do any of these interest you?
Yes, what is the address for Royal Spice please?
Royal spice is located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.  Do you need any other information? 
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling us and please use our system again. Goodbye.
***
Get me a restaurant that serves european food.
There are several restaurants serving european food.  Would you like the west, center or south part of town? 
i dont really care.
Which price range are you looking for?
Any price range is fine.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could I have the phone number and postcode for that restaurant please?
The phone number is 	 01223 355166 and the post code is C.B 3, 0 D.Q.  Is there anything else?
No, thank you. 
Thank you.
***
I would like a cheap restaurant.
There are ten cheap restaurants in the city; do you have a preference of area or type of cuisine?
I don't care. 
Ask is a nice place, that is in the cheap price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I'd like one in south part of town. Is Ask in the south?
I'm sorry, but Ask is not in the south part of town. There are 2 restaurants in the south part of town and in the cheap price range. Would you like Portuguese or Chinese food?
I have no preference, please make a suggestion. 
nandos is a nice restaurant in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.  Their phone number is 01223 327908 and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. 
Okay, that sounds good. Thank you for your help.
your welcome. thank you for calling
***
Im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range
The Royal Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant in the south. Would you like more information?
Does it serve bistro food?
No, I'm sorry. Would you prefer a cheap bistro in the north, or some other qualifications? 
I would settle for British. I'd prefer moderately priced, actually, and location doesn't matter. 
I would recommend Cotto. They serve British food and are moderately priced. Would you like their contact information?
What is the phone number?
Cotto's phone number is 01223302010. Is there anything I can help you with? 
No, thank you, that is all I need.  Goodbye!
Good bye. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge restaurant system.
Goodbye.
Goodbye. 
***
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food
There are no expensive vegetarian restaurants. Would you prefer a different cuisine or price range? 
A restaurant that serves british food will be fine. 
Graffiti is an expensive restaurant that serves British food, Would you like their address or phone number?
Could you tell me the phone number of Graffiti?
The phone number is 01223 277977. 
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
I am searching for a Lebanese restaurant in the east part of town. 
There are no Lebanese restaurants in East. Do you have another food type you would be interested in?
How about Chinese food? I would like to know the address, phone number, and postcode of the restaurant.
Yu Garden is at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, 8 P.A. The phone number is 01223 248882.
Is that in the east part of town?
Yes, yu garden is in the east part of town. 
Thank you good bye. 
Thank You
That's all I need to know, then. Goodbye.
Goodbye
***
looking for an expensive restaurant
There are quite a few diverse, expensive restaurants all located in the centre area. I recommend the Backstreet Bistro at 2 Sturton Street City Centre.
Are there any in the east part of town?
There are a few, if you prefer British food, there is the Grafton Hotel Restaurant, but if you want Indian food, There is one called Pipasha restaurant.
What is the phone number and post code of Pipasha restaurant?
Phone number is 01223 577786 and postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A. 
Thank you, goodbye.
thank you, goodbye
***
I am looking for an Eastern restaurant, medium price
There are 3 restaurants available in the moderate price range in the East of town. Would you like to go to Curry Prince?
Yes, please. What is the address, postcode, and phone number?
Yes the Curry prince is located at 451 New market Road Fen Ditton with a postcode of cb58jj. Their telephone number is 01223566388.
Okay thank you. Can you tell me their hours of operation?
I'm sorry. We do not have hours of operation in our database.
OK, then that's all I need. Thank you for your help.
Alright. Thank you for calling.
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town.
I would recommend you curry prince, an indian place in the east with moderate price range .
Is there anything else you would recommend?  Can I have the address and type of food for it?
Would you prefer a different type of food?
Yes. What other restaurants did you find?
There are also Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, which is Italian, and Rajmahal which is Indian. 
can i have the address of Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
the address of them is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
thank you good bye
thank you good bye.
***
Can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the East part of town?
The best match to your request is the missing sock located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
What is the phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223 812660 and their postcode is C.B 25, 9 A.Q.
***
Can you find a moderately priced restaurant in the east side?
I have 2 indian restaurants and 1 italian in the moderate price range on the east side. Is there a food type you prefer?
I would like the one with the italian food. Can you see if I can book a table for 7 people at 14:30 on tuesday there please?
I was unable to book a reservation at that time. Would you like to try another time?
How about either of the Indian restaurants in the same area and price range?
Sure, there are three restaurants. They are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, and Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditten. 
I would like to try the restaurant at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton since it's close by. Can you try a booking, please?
Booking was successful.  Your reference number is  80S3HGAN..  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for today. Thank you.
You're welcome. Goodbye!
***
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food located in the centre. 
Sure, there are several Indian restaurants in the centre of town. Would you prefer something cheap or expensive? 
Could you get me a table for Sunday at someplace nice? There will be 8 in my party and we'd like to eat at 17:30.
I've successfully made a booking at Curry Garden! This is your reservation number PCMH26UY. How else may I assist you?
That should do it for today. Thanks a lot. Have a good day. 
Thank you and have a nice time at Curry Garden!
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Thai food. 
Would you prefer the centre or west part of town?
i don't care
Bangkok City is in the centre area and is serving thai food, is there anything I can help you with?
Are there any others?
There's also Sala Thong in the west part of town. They're located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham and you can call them at 01223 323178.
Perfect. Thank you very much! 
I hope you enjoy your Thai food.  Goodbye.
***
I would like the phone number of an expensive restaurant on the east side of town, please.
There are five restaurants in the expensive price range and in the east part of town. What kind of food would you like?
I would like Indian food please. 
Sitar Tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the east part of town. 
Is there anything else?
Pipasha Restaurant is in the expensive category and serves Indian food. It is in the east part of town.
what is there phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 577786. Do you need their address also? 
no, thank you.  Goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a cheap place to dine that serves danish food.
I did not find any results. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
I've got my heart set on Danish but we could go a bit more expensive, I guess.
I am sorry but there is no Danish food available in Cambridge. What other food interests you?
How about asian oriental food?
The Dojo Noodle Bar is Asian oriental and cheap. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, for 2 people at 17:00 on thursday.
Your reservations were successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes on Thursday at 17:00 for two. Your reference number is P62W5TAA. 
Thanks. That is all I need today.
Enjoy your dinner. Thank you for contacting TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
***
Yes, I hope so.  Are there any Chinese restaurants toward the east end of town?
Yes, there's just one: Yu Garden!
Great can you book a table for 1 at 19:30 on monday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5MR8KO1D. Is there anything else I can help with?
I think that takes care of everything. Thanks!
Glad I could help!
***
I am looking for a French restaurant.
There is one in the centre of town and one in the north area of town. Which one would you prefer?
North Part of Town 
Restaurant Two Two is a French restaurant located in the north part of town, but it is pricey.  Would you like more information? 
Yes, what is the address of Restaurant Two Two?
The address is 22 Chesterton Road. 
Thank you, good bye.
Good bye.
***
I would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves caribbean food
no records match your request, I'm sorry. 
How about modern european food?
We have Modern European in the centre area in several price ranges.  Do you have a preference?
The price range doesn't matter. Please suggest one to me.
The river bar steakhouse and grill is good but cheap. Would you like their address or phone number?
Of course
their address is Quayside Off Bridge Street and their phone number is 01223 307030
Thank you for your help. That's all I need.
You're welcome. Enjoy your dining experience.
***
Hi. Can you help me find an inexpensive restaurant on the West side of town?
What type of food would you like?
I would like Indian food.
I have nothing matching your request.  Would you like to try another part of town or a different type of cuisine? 
Any type of food, just cheap in the west part of town. 
What about La Margherita? They serve Italian. 
Is there anything else?
Thanh binh is located in the west part of town and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like their information? 
Yes, please give me their address and phone number.
thanh binh is located at 17 magdalene street city centre and its phone number is 01223315232. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, thanks. That's it. 
thank you and good bye
***
I am looking for the restaurant Nandos.
Would you like the Nandos in the south or centre? 
Anywhere, I would just like it to be Nandos. I would like to book a table.
Sure, how many people will be dining on what day at one time?
4 people, Friday, 15:45. But 14:45 is also okay. Please give me the reference number.
Booking was successful for the 14:45 time.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number is : I915UV13. Do you need anything else?
No, I think that covers it. Thanks so much for your help!
You're very welcome.  Enjoy your meal.  Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town that is in the cheap price range.
There are two restaurants in the west part of town. What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care. Any type of food will be fine. 
there is prezzo which is italian at 21 - 24 Northampton Road, phone number is 01799 521260.
***
I want to find a place that serves australasian food.
I'm sorry, but I'm not showing any results for australasian food in our system.
OK. Is there anything for modern european food?
There are several restaurants serving modern European food.  Do you have an area or price preference?
I don't care
darrys cookhouse and wine shop might be one you would enjoy.
Sounds good.  What is the phone number?
The phone number is 01223 505015. Would you like any additional information?
No thank you.  Goodbye!
Good bye.
***
I want to find an expensive restaurant serving christmas food.
is there any area you prefer!
No specific area. 
I have found no restaurants serving Christmas food in the expensive price range. Would you like a different type of food?
Are there European types of restaurants? 
Yes, there are four: cambridge lodge restaurant, eraina, and michaelhouse cafe serve european food, with darrys cookhouse and wine shop serving modern european food
phone number and address of Cambridge Lodge Restaurant please
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in the west part of town, at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for an expensive Australian place. 
I'm sorry. There are no Australian places in Cambridge. Would you like to try another cuisine type?
How about on one that serves turkish food?
Yes, the meze bar restaurant fits that description. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you please see if they have booking available for 8 people at 11:00 on thursday?
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to look for another restaurant?
Yes,please and one that serves turkish food.
Sure, I've booked you at Anatolia, which also serves Turkish food, with reference number T70EAY2I. May I help with something else?
No, that should be everything I need.
Great. Have a great day!
You too! Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our system!
***
What restaurants in the centre serve international cuisine?
The Varsity Restaurant and the Bloomsbury Restaurant serve international food and are in the centre of town.
How about a place in the moderate price range?
Both of the named restaurants are in the moderate price range.
OK, can you book a table for 6 at 12:00 on Tuesday at The Varsity Restaurant? I will need a reference number too, please.
Certainly. I will have that reference number for you in just one second.
Thanks. Looking forward to it.
Yes I can. I have booked you a table for 12 noon on Tuesday for 6 people. Your reference number is WC1ZY82V. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
a restaurant in the moderately priced range, please
There is a lot of restaurants in the moderate priced range. Please tell me the area or the food you would like today. 
Okay, would it help to narrow it down to the west part of town?  I am having trouble deciding what I want to eat today.
Meghna is an Italian restaurant in the west part of town, and is in the moderate price range.
Phone number, please.
Meghna's phone number is 01223 727410. Is there anything else I can do for you tonight?
Thank you very much!  Goodbye!
Thank you and goodbye!
***
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves british food.
There are several British restaurants.  Do you have a price range in mind?
I have no preference. can i please have the address and phone number of one of them ?
Cotto is a british restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre. Its address is 183 east road city centre and its phone number is 01223 302010. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Nope, that'll do it, thank you for your help.
Have a nice day!  thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves italian food.
There are two restaurants that meet your requirements. Prezzo is in the moderate price range and La Margherita is in the cheap range. 
Can I get the address for Prezzo please?
The address for prezzo is 21 - 24 Northampton Road. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to reserve a table for 5 at 12:45 on Monday please. 
Of course. I successfully booked you your reservation. Your reference number is A5FGTJTZ.
Thank you, that's all I need today!
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. I would like the name and phone number.
grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range and in the east part of town.  and the phone number is 01223 241387
Thanks, goodbye. 
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the east and should serve swiss food
I don't have any restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you interested in something different?
No, I am only interested in a restaurant that serves swiss food and is in the east.
I am sorry but there are no restaurants in the east that serve Swiss food.
How about international food?
The missing sock will meet your needs. Need to book a reservation?
No, I just need the postcode.
The post code is cb259aq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you so much.
Thank you goodbye 
***
I am looking for Cote restaurant.
Would you like a booking at Cote?
Yes, please. I need a table for 5 at 12:15 Saturday. 
I'm sorry but the Cote was not available to reserve at that time. Can I help you find another restaurant?
Is there another restaurant in the same area and price range available?
Yes I have 33 possible choices, would you like them to serve the same type of food at the Cote?
Yes. I want to book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on Saturday.
I can check for british food or african if you have a preference.
Which ever is open then, thank you. 
I was able to book fitzbillies restaurant, reference number is 4LXPUXO1.
Thanks so much!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
***
I need the address and postcode of a cheap restaurant on the north side of town.
The address for Royal Spice is Victoria avenue Chesterton and the post code is C.B 4, 1 E.H. Royal Spice is in the cheap price range and is in the north part of town. 
Than you.
Thank you.  Goodbye.
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves brazilian food
Unfortunately, there are no brazilian restaurants available. Is there a second food option you would like to try?
Is there any restaurants that have gastropub type of food?
Backstreet Bistro is a gastropub located in the centre part of town and in the expensive price range.   
May I have their address and phone number please? 
Backstreet Bistro is located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 306306.
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town
Of course. May I suggest Meghna, an Indian restaurant?
Not really wanting Indian today. Anything else? 
There is also an Italian and British restaurant.  Would you prefer one of these?
Could I have the address and phone number for the British restaurant?
Saint johns chop house serves british food, is located in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range. their phone number is 01223 353110 and they are located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street 
and also postcode please
Their postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you.  Goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye!
***
Hello. Can you help me find the address of an inexpensive restaurant in the south part of town?
There are two restaurants that are in the cheap price range and in the south part of town. Would you like Portuguese or Chinese food?
Chinese food
The lucky star is chinese.  would you like the phone number?
no, just the address please 
The Lucky Star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye and enjoy your meal!
***
Caribbean food in the east part of town. If no such place, Indian.
I couldn't find any caribbean restaurants in the east part of town. I will search for indian restaurants next.
Great!  Did you find any Indian restaurants in the east part of town?
Yes, there are four options.  Two are moderately priced and two are expensive.  Do you have a preferred price range?
No.
the curry prince is in the east part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like more information for them? 
Yes, I'd like the address and phone number please.
The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The phone number is 01223 566388.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you, have a nice day!
***
I'm looking to have some European food tonight for dinner.  Something very traditional in the centre of town should be good.  Can I get a list of options?
There are 8 restaurants. Eraina, Michaelhouse cafe, hotel du vin and bistro, galleria, de luca cucina and bar, riverside brasserie, darrys cookhouse and wine shop, the river bar steakhouse and grill
Please provide postcode and address for Eraina.
 
The postcode is cb23rh and address is Free School Lane City Centre. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Goodbye!
I'm glad I could help.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food.
In what area of town would you like to eat?
In the centre of town please. I am looking to stay in the expensive price range. 
Great, there are 6 restaurants that meet your criteria. I would suggest Curry Garden. Can I book it for you?
Yes, could you please book it for 6 people at 14:30 on tuesday? 
Your table is reserved, ref# UQONY6CJ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That would be all thank you very much.
Okay, you are welcome. Have a nice day!
***
I'm needing a place to dine. It needs to be an expensive Brazilian place. 
Unfortunately, I don't happen to show any restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like me to try looking for a different price range or cuisine type?
British food, then.
We have six. Do you have an area preference? Graffiti, on the west side, is popular.
All right, I'll try that. I need a reservation for a party of 5 at 11:00 on Thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : P15GVV9V. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all I needed, thanks so much, goodbye!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
***
I would like a restaurant in the centre that is in the expensive price range. 
There are 33 restaurants in the centre that are in the expensive price range. What type of food would you like?
I am interested in Indian food please.
There are six restaurants that match that description. Can recommend one of them for you?
Yes please do.
The Curry Garden serves expensive Indian food in the centre of town.
Great can I get a reservation there for 8 people at 12:30 on sunday?
Sorry, there is no table available then. Would you like to try another time slot?
I think I'd rather try a different restaurant at my preferred time, actually.  You mentioned there are several others?
Yes, there's the Goden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, and Curry King.
Great! Can I have the Goden Curry? 
Sure, when would you like to make a reservation?
12:30 on Sunday. There will be 8 of us.
I apologize. I have checked all of the restaurants in the area and none of them can accommodate 8 guests at 12:30 on Sunday. Would a different day or time suffice?
I guess I could try 11:30.
Reservation booked with The Curry Garden for Sunday at 11:30am for 8 people.  Your reservation will be held for 15 minutes. Reference number is 6GRFMVDJ. 
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.  Anything else I can help with today?
No, I am all set.  Bye.
Thank you. Have a nice day, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in the east.
There is Pizza Hut fen ditton. It's moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. 1 person at 16:45 on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 37MP7UCY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all. Thanks!
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves traditional european food, that's not too expensive or too cheap. 
Galleria serves european food and is in the moderate price range in the centre of town.
Great that would be perfect for me, can you provide me with booking options for that restaurant?
I could book that for you if you let me know when you'd like to dine there and how many people will be joining you.
Actually, I don't need booking. I just need the postcode, address, and phone number.
Certainly. galleria, postcode cb21uw, address 33 Bridge Street, and phone number 01223362054.
That is all I needed. thank you. Goodbye.
Glad I could be of assistance.  Have a great day.  Good bye.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the north.
Okay I have pulled up two matches. An indian restaurant and an italian restaurant. 
What is the name and location of the Italian restaurant in the North?
Da Vinci Pizza, 20 Milon Road Chesterton. What else may I help you with?
That's all.  Thanks.
You're very welcome! Have fun!
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. What is the address and postcode?
The Missing Sock fits your criteria. It is on Finders Corner Newmarket Road, Postode isC.B 25, 9 A.Q
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you.
***
Don't care about price, just looking for thai food.
there is Bangkok city which serves Thai food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address and phone number?
The phone number for Bangkok city is 01223 354382 and the address is 24 Green Street City Centre. 
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye!
***
I'm looking for the information on a restaurant named Rajmahal, could you provide me their info?
Sure. Their phone is 01223244955, postcode cb58rg, and address is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you book a table for 7 at 17:15 this Saturday?
Yes I have you booked for 7 people and your reference number is 1U0TF4XA.
Wonderful, thanks. That's all I need. 
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
I am looking for expensive Corsica food.
There are no expensive Corsica eateries, would you like to try another criteria?
How about Indian food instead?
Yes, there are quite a few expensive Indian restaurants. What part of town would you prefer?
How about the west? Could you give me their postcode and telephone number?
I have five Indian restaurants in the west. May I suggest Tandoori Palace?  
That will be fine as long as it's expensive. Can you tell me the postcode and phone number? 
The postcode for tandoori palace is cb43le, and the phone number is 01223506055. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, I don't need anything else at the moment.
Thank you and goodbye.
***
Could you help me find an expensive asian oriental restaurant?
There are two restaurants. One located in the North area and Centre area. Which one would you prefer?
Let's go with the centre. I need a reservation for 2 at 13:30 on Thursday.
I am sorry there are no tables available,can I help you find another place to eat?
I need a different restaurant in the same area and price range please.
I could try Little Seoul, which is Korean, or possibly HK Fusion Chinese. If you want.  Would you like me to?
Does the HK Fusion Chinese restaurant have availability on Thursday at 13:30?
Yes there is availability. I made a reservation for Thursday at 13:30 for 2. The reference number is CBZ1WPRF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks, bye. 
Have a great day!   Thank you for using our service
***
I would like to find the best, most expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care. 
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a mexican restaurant in the south part of town an has an expensive price range.
could you please give me the address and phone number ?
chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and can be reached at 01223 400170.
thanks, bye bye
you are welcome, bye
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town, please.
pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like more information for them? 
Yes, may I have th phone number and address please?
It's phone number is 01223 323737 and its address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thank you! Have a nice day!
Thank you and good bye
***
I am looking to eat at a north restaurant in the expensive price range.
I have about 5 restaurants in that area. What kind of food would you like them to serve?
Surprise me, I just need the booking for 8 people Monday at 18:00.  Please provide me with a reference number for this booking.
I can make a reservation at Saigon City for 8 people on Monday evening. The reference number is ECKX7YSF. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you so much! That's all I needed.
You are very welcome. Would you like the address for the restaurant?
No thank you. Have a great day!
You have a great day as well!
***
I need a place to eat in the north area of the city.
What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care. 
What price range are you looking for?
In the moderate price range. 
Golden wok serves Chinese food, is located in the north part of the city and in the moderate price range.
What is the phone number and address?
The Golden Wok's phone number is 01223 350688 and they are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
Can you find me a Chinese restaurant with moderate prices?
You have your choice of the Jinling Noodle Bar, Lan Hong House, Shanghai Family Restaurant, or the Golden Wok.
Which one of these restaurants is in the centre of town?
Jinling noodle bar, Lan Hong House, and Shanghai Family Restaurant are all in the centre of town.
Thanks! Can I have the address, phone number, and postcode for Jinling Noodle Bar, please?
Sure.The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, postcode cb23pp, and the phone number is 01223566188. Can i book a table for you?
No thanks. That's not necessary. I think I have all I need. Have a good night. 
Thank you. Have a good night, goodbye.
***
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant in the area. It should serve Spanish food, and it should also be in the more expensive price range. Can you possibly help me?
I haven't found anything matching what you're looking for. 
How about a chinese restaurant then?
Yes I have listings for many of them,what area are you looking to eat in?
Area does not matter.
the good luck chinese food takeaway is in the south would you like me to book it?
***
I'm looking for a North African restaurant.
I'm sorry but it looks like I don't happen to see any restaurants that specialize in that type of cuisine? Can I help you with a different type?
How about something in the expensive price range instead?
Sure, there are 57 expensive restaurants in town. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
I would prefer something near the centre please.
There are over 33 restaurants that meet your criteria. May I interest you in African cuisine since you originally asked for North African restaurant? 
No, I think I'd like an expensive French restaurant instead. 
Cote is an expensive French restaurant in the center of town. Would you like a table there, or possibly their address?
Yes please. Can you book it for Friday at 19:45? There will be 8 of us.
OK,  you have a table for 8 at Cote onFriday night. Your reference number is ZWI39RV9. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That's everything. Thank you! Goodbye.
You are welcome.  Have a great day.
***
Can you find me a corsica restaurant?
I'm sorry, I can't find any place with Corsica food. Do you have a second choice?
Yes, a restaurant serving british food would be good. 
There are 11 restaurants that serve British food. Do you have an area or price range preference?
I do not care about the price range, and would just like one in the west part of town.
Graffiti is an expensive British restaurant in the west. Would you like more information? 
I'd like their address and phone number please.
The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, and the phone number is 01223 277977. Can I find any further information for you?
What is the price range?
It is expensive.
That you, that's all I need to know. 
Thank you, have a good day!
***
A french restaurant in the centre part of town. Please give me address and phone number.
Cote can be reached at 01223311053 and is at Bridge Street City Centre. Do you require any additional information?
Thank you goodbye. 
Goodbye.
***
I am interested at eating at an expensive place in the west part of town.
We have nine expensive dining establishments on the west side. Cuisines offered are Thai, Indian, European, and British. Do you have a preference?
No I don't have a preference. I want to book for four people at 15:00 on Saturday. 
Okay I booked a table for 4 at 15:00 on Saturday at the Graffiti, an expensive British restaurant in the west area of town. 
Thank you.  Can you please give me the reference number?
The reference number is 5WHDPGHW..  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!
Excellent. Have a good rest of your day!
***
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area of town.
The Cambridge lodge restaurant  is in the cheap price range and in the west part of town.
What its phone number?
I cannot find that information. 
Can you give me the phone number of a different, cheap restaurant in the west part of town?
Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west of town and is in the cheap price range. The phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you!  Goodbye.
Have a good evening. 
***
I am looking for a danish restaurant in the south part of town. 
Unfortunately, there are no danish restaurants listed in the south part of town.  Would you like something else? 
Yes, please look for Portuguese food. Can I get the phone number and address?
nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the cheap price range located in the south part of town. The address is cambridge leisure park clifton way and the phone number is 01223 327908
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you and have a great day!
***
I would like to find a restaurant in any area and it should serve lebanese food.
There is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre of town called Ali Baba. Would you like their address?
Could you give me just the phone number and postcode please?
Sure, the phone number is 01462 432565 and the postcode is CB21NT. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, thank you.  Goodbye.
You are welcome. Is there anything else we can help you with today?
No, thank you. Goodbye
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. 
What kind of food are you looking for?
I don't care.
I would recommend the Da Vinci Pizzeria. They are located at 20 Milton Road, Chesterton.
What is the phone number?
da vinci pizzeria's phone number is 01223 351707.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address?
The address of Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. 
What is the food type they serve ?
They serve italian food .
Thank you!  Goodbye!
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
Hi. I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Venetian food.  I'd like to stay in the west part of town.  Can you find me a phone number?
I apologize, there are no restaurants that serve venetian food in the west part of town. Would you like to try a different part of town?
That's okay! How about Indian food? Could I have the address and phone number of an Indian food restaurant please. 
Cocum is an Indian restaurant located at 71 Castle Street City Centre, and it's phone number is 01223 366668.
Is it in the west part of town?
Yes, it is in the west part of town. 
Awesome, thank you!  That's all I needed to know.  Have a good evening.
You're quite welcome.  Good bye.
***
Are there any Indian restaurants there?
Yes, there are 22. What area would you like to dine in?
I want to dine in the west.
WHich price range do you want? I have expensive and moderate.
I would prefer moderate price range.
I have found  one, Can I make a booking for you?
no, I just need to know the postcode.
The restaurant is called meghna. The postcode is cb43lf, the address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Anything else?
Got everything. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thanks for using our services.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the expensive price range.
Okay. Do you want to dine in a specific area?
I am looking in the centre of town. 
We have 4 expensive italian restaurants in the center of town. Two are in Market Hill City Centre. Shall I just pick one for you?
Yes, surprise  me please! it's for 8 people at 16:30 on Tuesday.
Booking was successful at don pasquale pizzeria. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OYESLS03.  Can I help with anything else?

No, thank you so much! Have a nice day
You are welcome.  Have a nice day as well.  Good bye.
***
Hi.  I am looking for international food, hopefully someplace moderately priced.
The center of town offers two: the Varsity restaurant, and the Bloomsbury restaurant.
Great thank you for all your help
Was that all you needed today?
Yep! Thanks - I'm all done.
Let me know if you need any more info.
Thank you for your help, that's all I needed.
Thank you for calling, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a place to eat. I want expensive malaysian food. Can you help?
I'm sorry but there aren't any Malaysian places of any price in town. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Well I need it to be in the south of town.
On the south end, in the expensive price range, we have Mexican, Italian, Indian, and Chinese foods to choose from. Do any of these sound good?
Chinese sounds good. Can you give me any suggestions?
Yes, I would recommend the Peking Restaurant, located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.  Could I reserve a table for you?
Sounds great. Make a reservation for 4 on Friday at 11:00. 
That time slot is not available, would you like to try another time.
How about !0:00 instead, is that available Friday?
I believe you meant 10:00, so I went ahead and made the reservation for that time. The reference number is HRPLZ9AQ. 
Thanks, that's all I need.
You're welcome! Enjoy your meal!
***
I'm looking for a place to eat in the east that is expensive.
Sure, we have british, chinese, gastropubs, and indian restaurants. Would you like to book a table at one of them.
How about an expensive British place?  I'd like a reservation for Wednesday.
okay, I have the Grafton Hotel Restaurant. What time would you like me to book your reservation?
I would like a table at 14:00 on Wednesday for 5 people.
Unfortunately they did not have that day and time available. Would you like to try for another date or time slot?
Do they have an opening at 13:00 on Wednesday for 5 people?
Yes, I've made your reservation. The reference number is 96IH1QYG. What else can I help you with? 
That's all, thanks. Goodbye.
Goodbye.  Have a great day!
***
 I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called the hotpot.
Absolutely. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is VWTX9T8T. Thank you!
***
I'd like a resturant in the centre of town that serves Canapes food.
Unfortunately, I don't have any available listings that fit that type. Would you like me to try another type of cuisine or area of town?
Maybe take another look? I need an expensive canapes restaurant in the centre.
I'm sorry, I could not find any restaurants fitting that description. Would you like to suggest another cuisine or location? 
That's okay. Let's try European food instead, with the other details the same. 
I have two available. The Eraina and Michaelhouse Cafe. Can I assist you in booking a table at either of these?
Can you just give me the postcode of Eraina?
Sure, the postcode is cb23rh. Can I be of further service today?
You've been more than helpful. Thanks but thats all I need. Have a good night. 
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a place to dine on the south side of town. Please find a place that's in the expensive price range.
I found five expensive restaurants on the south side of town. Would you prefer Chinese, Indian, Italian or Mexican?
Do you have a favorite you could recommend? I will need the phone and postcode and food type also please. 
If you ask me, the Chiquito Restaurant Bar serves the best Mexican food around. Their postcode is cb17dy. You can reach them at 01223400170. Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be it. Thank you for your help. 
Thank you. Have a nice day.
***
Hi! Can you help me find a particular restaurant?
Of course, there are 110 restaurants in town. Would you like me to search by restaurant name?
Yes, I am looking for the Varsity Restaurant.
The Varsity Restaurant serves international food in the center of town. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes, can I get a table for 4 on saturday at 15:15?
Yes, I will book a table for 4 on Saturday at 15:15.
Excellent. I'll need the reference number.
unfortunately they are filled up for that time would you like me to reserve another time or would you like to choose another restaurant.
***
I am looking for a moderate priced Chinese food place. 
Yes, there are 4 Chinese restaurants that are moderately priced. 3 in centre and one in north.
I need one in the centre, doesn't matter which. 
Would you like me to make you a reservation at the Jinling Noodle Bar?
Yes please. I will need it at 20:00 on Saturday for 8 people. Thank you.
Booking was unsuccessful would you like me to find another restaurant?
***
I want a moderately priced restaurant and serves asian oriental food. What is the address and phone number?
there is an Asian Oriental place at 40428 King Street City Centre. You can call them at 01223 518111.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using our system!   Have a great day!
***
I need help finding an expensive restaurant in the centre, can you help me please?
I'd love to help. We have 33 expensive restaurants. Do you have a cuisine you'd prefer?
Yes, I'm looking for gastropub food.
I have found the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce, which one would you like more information on?
Do anything of them serve gastropub food? 
Yes both are in the expensive price range
Any one will be fine. I need the reference number please after its booked.
Can I have the munber in your party and the day and time you would like to book?
I want to book a table for 4 people at 16:15 on a Tuesday please.
Okay I was able to book you then at The Slug and Lettuce and your reference number is FSOF58OO.
that is great! thank you for all your help. 
Great! Here is the address, 34 - 35 Green Street. 
Thank you so much. That is all I need.
Thank you for calling and have a great day.
***
I'm looking for information about a restaurant named the golden wok.
Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the North part of Cambridge. Would you like more information?
Could you book me a table for 5 on Saturday at 12:00?
A table has been booked and will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is 67II8018. May I help you with anything else?
That is all thank you! 
Thank you for using our system!
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Thai food and is in the expensive price range.
bangkok city is a recommended thai restaurant in the centre. 
what is the address and phone number ?
Bangkok City is at 24 Green Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 354382. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you good bye. 
Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.
No further assistance needed. Goodbye.
Thank you.
***
I am looking for a cheap place to have a meal.
Sure, do you want to eat at a specific location or have a type of food you like?
The type of food doesn't matter to me, but I would like the restaurant to be in the north.
Okay there is indian and italian food. Which do you prefer?
Italian sounds good. I need a reservation for Thursday at 16:15, please.
How many will be in your party?
I need a table for 3 people. 
You have a table at da vinci pizzeria. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BSAJGSJ8.  Do you need anything else today?
That is all for now. Thank you
Thank you, have a good day.  Goodbye.
***
I need the address of a restaurant that serves gastropub food.
The cow pizza kitchen and bar serves Gastropub food.  Their address is Corn Exchange Street in the centre area.
Thank  you.
You're welcome. Bye
***
I'd like to find a restaurant that serves Chinese food in the south please.
There are 3 restaurants in the South part of town that serve Chinese food. Would you like more information on one of them?
Yes, I would prefer an expensive one please.
I have two that would be on the expensive side. The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway and the Peking Restaurant. Can I reserve a table for you at either of these?
No, not yet, thanks.  Could you give me the address/postcode for Peking Restaurant?
The address for peking restaurant is 10 homerton street city centre and its postcode is cb28nx.
Alright, sounds good.  
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all.  Thanks!
You're welcome.  Have a great day! Goodbye.
***
Hi, I need a place to eat in the centre for a medium price range. What do you have that you can suggest?
We have 21 of those, including those serving british food and many other types.  Can you narrow it down some?
Sure, can you try to find a british restaurant?
Cotto is very good.  Can I reserve a table for you?
That sounds great. I need a reservation for 6 people at 14:45 on Wednesday.
I was able to make a reservation for 6 people at Cotto on Wednesday at 14:45.  Your reference number is RX6XP8KP.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Please contact us anytime. Good Bye.
***
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called travellers rest
It is an expensive British restaurant on the west side of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, and can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on Monday, please.
Ok. You're all set for Monday at 14:15. Have a great day.
***
I want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. what is the address and phone number?
I have found two that may work. first, la margherita is at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone is 01223 315232. second one serves vietnamese at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, number is 01223 362456
Is there anything else, if so give me their address and phone number.
Those are the only listings in the west part of town. Would you like to change your location or price range?
No thank you.  
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's fine.  Thank you!
Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Restaurant system.
***
I want something in the north part of town. Moderately priced.
What kind of food would you like?
any type of food will be fine as long as it's moderately priced and in the north part of town. 
Golden wok is located in the north part of town, is moderately priced and serves Chinese food.
I've actually had a bad experience at the Gold Wok. Is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north?
Would you instead be interested in The Nirala, which serves Indian food?
Sounds good.  What is the postcode and phone number?
The post code and phone number for The Nirala is C.B 4, 1 U.Y and phone is 01223 360966
Thank you. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve world food and should be in the centre
Unfortunately, I couldn't find a restaurant that serves that kind of food in that area.
What expensive restaurants are there?
The cambridge chop house is expensive and it's british food. Is that okay?
No. Try looking for a restaurant that serves Korean food.
I found the Little Seoul restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, a table for two.
I'd be happy to reserve for you, what day and time are you looking for?
Thank you, I need a reservation for 2 people at 13:15 on Monday.
GG3DCUFD is your confirmation code, may I help you with anything else?
No that was everything. Thanks
Thank you for using our services.
***
I want a place with austrian food.
I'm sorry, I don't have a restaurant that serves austrian food. Do you have a second choice?
Ok, how about a place with Spanish food?
There is la raza, a cheap spanish restaurant located at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent. There is also la tasca, a moderately priced spanish restaurant located at 14 -16 Bridge Street.
Thanks for your help! Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.
***
Hi, can you look up Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop for me?
I sure can! Darry's Cookhouse is an expensive modern european restaurant in the center of town. They are located at 40270 King Street City Centre. Can I make you a reservation by chance?
That's it.  Can you make a reservation for me?  There are 5 of us and we would like to reserve Sunday at 11:45 if possible.
Reservation made. The reference number is FIQY6RR9.
Thank you for the helpful information!
No problem at all. What else can I do for you? 
That is all, thanks. Have a nice day. Bye!
You as well! Goodbye! 
***
I'd like to get moderately-priced Polynesian food.
Sorry, but there aren't any restaurants of that type. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Well is there perhaps a cheap option serving that type of food in the center?
No I'm sorry there isn't anything fitting those details. Can we try a different area or type of food? 
How about British food?
I have 5 moderately priced British restaurants in the centre but I do not have any cheap ones.  Would you like me to book one of these?
No thank you. Can you recommend me one and give me their phone number and address?
The Cotto is a great choice. Their phone number is 01223302010 and adress 183 East Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
As long as they serve British cuisine and moderately priced, that sounds great. Thanks for your help.
They are indeed. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's everything. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting us and have a great day!
***
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town please.
There are over 20 options that fit that criteria, do you have a specific food type in mind?
Not really...but I do need to make a reservation for 3 on Tuesday. At 3:45 in the afternoon?
There are five options that are in Centre part of town.
***
I'm looking for a British restaurant on the west side.
There are 3 restaurants that meet your criteria. Is there a particular price range you are wanting to stick with? There are two expensive ones and one moderate priced one.
Could you recommend one of the expensive ones?
Graffiti is on the west side of town, serves a wonderful British menu and falls in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes. I need a booking for thursday at 17:00 for 8 people.
Booking was successful. Can I get you anything else, then?
Yes I need the reference number please.
The reference number is ZF7XHMYX.
Excellent. That is everything!
Great. Have a great day!
***
I am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and in the north part of town.
The Golden Wok is in the north part of town and is in the moderate price range.
No I am not interested in the Golden Wok, is there anything else?
The Nirala is also located in the north and moderately priced.  It serves Indian food.
Great! Can I have the phone number and postcode please?
The nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton. Its phone number is 01223 360966 and the postcode is CB41UY. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
That is all I needed.  Thank you.
Thank you for using this system and please call us again. Goodbye.
Bye
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant sytem.  Good bye.
***
Hi.  I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant. 
de luca cucina and bar is a modern european restaurant in the centre
I need something that's in the east part of town.
Curry prince is moderately priced and located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton 01223 566388.
What is the phone number?
Curry Prince's phone number is 01223 566388. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you.  That is all I needed.  Bye bye!
You're welcome. Have a good evening. 
***
I want turkish food.
I find 3 restaurants matching your request.
Is there anything else?
You're looking for Turkish food, correct?
Yes. Are any of those restaurants in the centre of town?
Yes, there are three restaurants serving Turkish food in the center of town.
What is the price range?
anatolia and efes restaurant are moderately priced, while meze bar restaurant is expensive.
What is the address?
The address for which restaurant?
address for anatolia please
anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
That's all I need, Thanks. 
You're welcome and thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
***
I want something cheap in the west part of town.
What type of food would you like?
I don't care.
The is the La Margherita for Italian food and the Thanh Binh for Vietnamese food. Would you like the addresses?
I would like the phone number and address for La Margherita please. 
La Margherita's address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 315232.  Is there any additional info I can help you find?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our service.  Have a great day!
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Portuguese food. 
nandos city centre serves portuguese food.  They are in the centre of town and are in the cheap price range.
What is their address?
nandos city centre is at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. 
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
Are there any British restaurants in the centre?
Oh yes I have quite a few. Did you have a preferred price range in mind?
I'd like an expensive restaurant please. 
I found three restaurants: Fitzbillies Restaurant, The Cambridge Chop House, or Midsummer House Restaurant. Would you like a table booked?
I want to make a booking at Fitzbillies Restaurant. It will be for 8 people on Friday at 12:00.
I am sorry but they do not have any seating for 8 people at that time. Would you like to try another day or time?
Can we make it for 11:00?
Sure, you're booked at 11:00 with reference number THSW3FKF. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with anything else?
Thanks, that's all I need. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
***
Hello. I am looking for a recommendation for a place to eat.
Okay, I need some more information. Do you have a type of food or area where you would like to go?
I am looking for a place that is in the centre and offers the Americas food.
Sorry, I couldn't find anything. 
where else could ypou suppose i get american food
I'm not sure, nothing is coming up for that type of food. Would you like to try a different cuisine? 
How about italian?  I love pasta.
I have found a few Italian restaurants located in the centre area of town what price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter really. But I want to book for 5 people at 18:15 on wednesday. so whichever one could accommodate that works for me.
Great I have you at stazione restaurant and coffee bar	at 18:15 and the reference number is ZM5SFSMH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that was all I needed. Have a great day. 
The location is at Market Hill City Centre cb23nj the phone number is 01223352607.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
There seems to be an error. Thanks for booking the Italian restaurant. That is all I needed.
Just want to confirm, do you need any further assistance?
No that was everything. Thanks
Thank you for using our services.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. 
What food type are you looking for?
i don't care what type of food it is.
There is Da Vinci Pizzeria and Royal Spice, both are in the north area and in the cheap price range.
What are their phone numbers?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is at 01223 351707, and Royal Spice is at 01733 553355.
Thank you good bye. 
Thanks 
***
I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called rice boat.
Yes, Indian food! Very good. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No thanks, but could I get the price range and the postcode please?
the price is in the expensive range and the postcode is cb39ey.
***
I would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food
That would be the Royal Standard at 280 Mill Road City Centre. They can be reached at 01223247877.
Thank you goodbye. 
Goodbye!
***
Yes can you tell me something about the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar?
Yes sure. I can tell you it serves gastropub food fare and is located at Corn Exchange Street and their telephone number is 01223308871. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thank you, that's all I need. 
Thank you for using our system!
***
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the expensive price range. 
Certainly, there are several expensive Italian restaurants. Would you prefer the centre or south of town? 
Can we do the centre of town?
Stazione restaurant and coffee bar	is in the centre of town.
Phone number and postcode, please.
The phone number is 01223352607, and postcode is cb23nj
Thank you, that's all I need today. You've been a great help - goodbye!
Thank you for choosing the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
***
Could you help me find a moderate priced restaurant in the centre?
Certainly! However, there are no moderately priced restaurants in the town centre. Would you like to try a different area or price range?
Is there anything cheap in the town centre?
I'm sorry there are no cheap restaurants n that area. Would you like to change your price range or area?
I really need it to be in the moderate price range, there's really nothing in the city centre? Any cuisine will do.
I'm sorry, we must have had technical difficulties. We actually do have 21 restaurants in the centre of town that are moderately priced. Do you have a certain cuisine in mind?
Please surprise me.
Okay, Cotto is a British restaurant in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I have their phone number and address please?
The phone number for the Cotto is, 0122302010.The address us 183 East Road, City Centre. Anything else?
No, I think I have everything I need.  Thanks.  Bye.
Thank you. Have a good day, goodbye.
***
Hello, I'm looking for an expensive indian restaurant.
What area would you like to dine in?
Area doesn't matter. Can you pick one to recommend?
If you'd like to eat in the city center, I recommend the curry garden. Their phone is 01223302330. Can I book you a table?
Yes, can you please book a table for 1 for 17:15 on Thursday. Could I have the reference number please?
Booking was successful, your table will be reserved for  minutes, and your reference number is J37KC1PB. Anything else I can help you with?
Thanks all I need thanks !
You're welcome and if you need anything else feel free to contact us. 
***
HI, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south of the city.
I have 2 restaurants on the south side that are cheap. One serves chinese and the portuguese. Would you like to book one? 
Let's try the Portuguese restaurant. I need a reservation for Monday at 14:30 for 3 people please.
I am sorry. The Portuguese Restarauant, Nandos, is completely booked at that time. Should I try the Chinese restaurant instead?
Do you have any other restaurants in the area in the same price range?
the lucky star is in South part of town and is available.Would you like the address ?
***
I need to find a restaurant in anatolia
Okay Anatolia is a turkish restaurant located in the centre. Is this what you're looking for?
Yes. I need a reservation for 8 people please. 
I can make a reservation for 8 people for Monday at 17:45. Is that okay or would you like another day? 
I need a reservation for 8 people at 13:00 on Friday. If that doesn't work I can also do Tuesday. I will also need a reference number.
Reservations for Friday at 13:00. Your reference number is 0UAYWI5Z. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that was it, thank you.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a casual Sri Lankan restaurant.
Hi! Sorry, there are no Sri Lankan restaurants in the area. Can I do anything else for you?
What about European?
There are 11 european restaurants, do you have any preferences on location or price range?
I need one in the moderate price range.
I was able to find 5 for you. 3 serve modern european and the other 2 serve european. Do you have a preference?
I don't have a preference. Surprise me.
How about Galleria? It serves classic European cuisine. Would you like me to book you a table?
That sounds good. Do they have a table for 8 people at 18:15 on Saturday evening? If yes, please book and send the reference number.
I'm sorry the Galleria is not available . Shall I try another then?
Yes, please. I need it to be in the same area and moderate price range.
I was able to book a table for you at hotel du vin and bistro. It's a moderately priced classic European restaurant. Your reference number is  H7LU2IPF.
Great, thanks. I'm all through here. You've been a great help.
I'm glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
***
Can you find me a cheap Spanish restaurant? 
there are two spanish restaurants in total, what price range do you want ?
I am looking for a cheap restaurant. 
la raza is a spanish restaurant, in the cheap price range and in the centre part of town. 
can you please give me the address? 
The address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent. Can I help you with anything else?
What is the area?
la raza's area is in the centre part of town
Thank you. Good bye 
Thanks for using this system and enjoy your meal! Goodbye!
***
I want a restaurant in the north part of town.
The City Stop restaurant is in the north part of town. The Golden Wok is also located in the north part of town.
I want a restaurant that is moderately priced. 
Golden Wok is located in the north part of town, and is moderately priced.
What is their address and phone number?
The address for Golden Wok is 191 Histon Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre?
Sure! There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre. Is there a certain type of food you're looking for?
Oh, yes! Italian, please.
I can recommend Ask restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, let's try italian on the cheap side located in the centre. Book for 7 people on wednesday at 11:45 please.
I was able to book your party at Ask. Your reservation will hold for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could I get the reference number please?
Reference number is : V0PVDPBC. Need anything else?
No thank you! Goodbye.
You're welcome and have a great day!
***
I'm looking for cheap eats in the centre.
Yes I have many Chinese and Asian restaurants as well as Spanish, Portuguese and Indian cuisines matching your price requirements. Any preference?
I am interested in Chinese food.
I found three Chinese restaurants in the centre: Charlie Chan, Rice House and Golden House. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please! Can I have a table for 1 at Charlie Chan on Sunday at 14:15?
Sure thing your reference number is D3A1XJL7. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been very helpful. Have a good day.
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I'm looking for Scandinavian food in any area.
I am not able to locate a Scandinavian restaurant; do you have a second choice?
Yes, could you look for a Vietnamese restaurant?
Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west of town, and is in the cheap price range.
That will work. I would like the address and phone number to the Thanh Binh restaurant please.
Their phone number is 01223 362456. How else may I assist you?
I need the address too please.
The address for Tanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Is ther anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome. Good bye.
***
Can you find me an italian restaurant that is in the centre?
You have your choice of Pizza Hut City Centre, Stazione Restaurant and coffee bar, Pizza Express, Ask, or Zizzi Cambridge.
Are any of them in the cheap price range?
Pizza hut, ask and Zizzi all appear to be in the cheap price range,   Would you like me to book one?
Which one would you recommend?
I recommend Ask. Do you want me to book it for you? What day and time do you want to eat?
As long as it's in the same area and price range, I guess I can try it. Please book it for 6 people at 17:15 on wednesday. 
I'm sorry, a table was not available. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Another, same area and price range please. 
zizi cambridge is available. It is also a cheap Italian restaurant in the centre. Your reservation is for Wednesday at 17:15 for 6 people. Your reference number is CRW6R09Z. 
Great thank you for your help that's all I needed today.
Have a great day!
***
I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves hungarian food.
I am sorry, there are no restaurants that meet your requests. Would you like to change your price range or food type?
Oh, okay. Well, I guess I would like to find a restaurant that serves modern European food. Is there such a place available?
There are two restaurants in the centre area and one in the south part of town. Do you have a preference?
No, I do not.
I would recommend Riverside Brasserie, located at  Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane.  Can I make a reservation for you?
Sure please, I need a table at 14:45 for 1 person on saturday
Your table at riverside brasserie is booked, one person at 14:45 on Saturday. Your booking reference is UZD82IFV. Can I help you with anything else? 
No, that would be it. Thanks. Have a nice day. 
Alright, thank you. Goodbye.
***
am looking for a place to dine it should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range
Were you looking for a specific type of food?
Yes, I am looking for a restaurant that offers vegetarian options.
I'm sorry but I do not have any vegetarian restaurants in the Centre area. Would you like me to search another area for you? 
Yes, how about expensive turkish food in the centre of town?
You would probably enjoy meze bar restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please reserve a table for 4 on Monday at 15:15.
I'm sorry booking was unsuccessful.  Could you try another time perhaps?
Okay, how about the same time for Saturday? 
Still not open then, shall I try another date or another place to eat?
Could you try another expensive Turkish restaurant in the centre? I'd really like to dine on Monday. 
The meze bar restaurant is expensive and serves turkish food.  What time on Monday, and how many in your party?
For 4 people at 15:15 on either Monday or Saturday please.
Sorry, your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like a different day or time slot?
Is the Meze Bar restaurant available for Saturday same time? 
Good news, I was able to book Saturday at 15:15.  Your reference number is UYWXP4GD.
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
Great! Enjoy your trip!
***
I am looking for the price range of a restaurant called Rice boat.
Rice Boat is in the expensive price range. Can I help you with something else?
No, that is all I needed thanks.  Bye.
Great! Have a nice day!
***
I am looking for a Japanese restaurant in the centre of town.
There is a Japanese restaurant called Wagamama in the centre of town.
What is the address and phone number?
Their address is 36 Saint Andrews Street and their phone number is 01223 462354.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves spanish food, what is available?
I found two in the centre part of town. They are the La Raza and the La Tasca.
Is there anything else?  If not, could I get the number to La Tasca, please?
The phone number for La Tasca is  01223 464630. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That'll be all. Thanks for you help. 
your welcome goodbye
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
What type of food would you like?
Turkish food.
I have two restaurants in the Centre area of town. Would you like the information for both?
Yes, please give me the one Turkish food restaurant's phone number and address please.
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, phone number is 01223 362372
thank you. 
Thank you.
***
I am looking for an expensive French restaurant.
There are two restaurants that fulfill your inquiry, Cote in the Center and Restaurant Two Two in the north. Would you like more information on either?
Can I get the address of one place?
Cote is located at Bridge Street City Centre.
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
You are welcome and Thank-You.
***
I'm looking for a high end restaurant in the centre, can you help me out?
I have 33 restaurants that meet that criteria. Is there a certain type of food you are looking for?
I want one that serves light bites. 
I am sorry but not results came up with your criteria, would you like to try something else?
What about one that has Italian food?
I have 4 restaurants that come up, based on that criteria. Would you like more information about them?
That's okay, I'll just pick the first one. Can you make a reservation for 2 at 15:30 this Monday?
I apologize booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to try another restaurant? 
Yes, please try another one of the 4 restaurants you found.
You are booked into the clowns cafe at 54 King Street City Centre. Your reference number is I0EPBDJ4. May I help you with anything else?
Thanks so much for your help
You're welcome. Goodbye!
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay, sure. Is there a certain part of town you're interested in visiting?
Yes, as I already mentioned, I want a place in the center of town. I'd also like to have Chinese food, please.
There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the centre of town and they're all in the moderate price range. If you like, I can book you a table at one of these?
Sure! Can you book just for 1 at 17:00 on Thursday?
I made a reservation for one at the lan hong house. Your reference number is 5TXC1HGX . Would you like their address or phone number?
No, the reference number is all I need.  I will find it.  Thanks!
Okay, great! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it! Thanks for your help!
Awesome. Have a great day!
***
Hi, I'd like to find a moderately priced steakhouse. 
Sorry, I can't find any steakhouses. Would you be interested in moderately priced British cuisine instead?
How about in the centre?
I apologize, I can't find any in the centre either. 
How about Spanish food then?
la tasca meets your standards. would you like to book this restaurant?
No thank you. Can I have the phone number for it though?
The phone number for la tasca is 01223464630. Anything else?
That's all the information I needed today, thank you.
You're welcome. It was a pleasure to help. Have a nice day. 
***
A cheap jamaican restaurant, please. If you cannot find one, then mediterranean.
There are no Jamaican restaurants listed. I will look for Mediterranean. 
Okay what is the phone number and postcode of that mediterranean place?
The Gardenia is located in the centre at postcode C.B 2, 3 L.L and can be reached at 01223 356354. Can I get anything else for you? 
Thank You
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. I would like to know the type of food, address and phone number.
first we have golden wok at 191 histon road chesterton c.b 4, 3.h l . it is chinese and it's phone number is 01223350688. next we have an indian restaurant at 7 milton road chesterton c.b 4, 1.uy. it is called the nirala
Do you have the phone number for nirala?
The Nirala's phone number is 01223 360966
Thank you, good bye.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your meal at The Nirala.
***
I'm looking for an expensive vietnamese place to eat, can you help me find one?
It doesn't look like there are any expensive Vietnamese restaurants. Would you like me to look for a different cuisine type or price range? 
Are there any British food joints?
Graffiti is in the west part of town in the expensive price range, would you like to book that?
Yes, please book a table for 6 on Thursday.
What time shall we make that booking for?
Make it for 11:15 and please give me a reference number.
Alright, your table for 6 has been booked for Graffiti for Thursday at 11:15. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can I please have the reference number as well for the booking?
Of course, the reference number is 1JR8K2OP. May I assist you with anything else?
No that is all, thank you very much.
You are very welcome. Please feel free to contact us in the future. Have a great day. 
***
Can you recommend me a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?
I found two restaurants.  Would you prefer chinese or indian food? 
I do not care what kind of food.
There are two restaurants in the moderate price range and north area. There is golden wok and there is the nirala.
What is the address and phone number of the Golden Wok?
the golden wok address is 191 histon road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688. is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Please call again! Goodbye.
***
looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre.
I have many excellent options available. Do you have a cuisine preference, I should I recommend one?
No, I don't have a cuisine preference. I just need to book for 5 people at 19:30 on tuesday.
Great, I booked you at the Yippee Noodle Bar and your reference number is NE9Y6864.
That sounds great, thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. I appreciate your using the TownInfo centre. Goodbye. 
***
Can I get the address and cuisine type of a  moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town?
The Curry Prince is in the east part of town and in the moderatre price range. The address for the Curry Prince is, 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What type of food do they serve?
The Curry Prince serve's Indian food, may I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye. 
Your welcome, Have a good day
***
I would like to find the Anatolia restaurant please.
I have that place here, the adress is 30 Bridge street City Centre, postcode cb21uj
What is the price range?
It is in the moderate price range. Would you like a reservation?
No, I'm all set. Thanks! Bye!
Have a wonderful day.
***
I'd like an expensive restuarant in the south part of town.
I have 5 results matching your request, are you looking for a particular type of food to eat?
I want Indian, please.
Sure I have the Taj Tandoori in that price range. Would you like a telephone number or a booking?
That would be great! Could I also receive the address and post code with that?
Taj Tandoori is located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, postcode cb17aa. The phone number is 01223412299. Did you want to make a reservation? 
No thanks, I'll take care of that. I'm all set today - thanks for your help!
Thank you for using our system.
***
Where can I find portuguese food?
I found two portuguese restaurants.  Would you prefer the south or centre part of town? 
Any area. 
Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant in the south part of town.
What is the address?
Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you.
Thank you.
***
I am looking for a cheap Asian Oriental restaurant.
Great!  There are 2 cheap Asian Oriental restaurants in the city centre.  Would you like me to book you a reservation at one of them?
Yes. I need a reservation for 2 people, Saturday night at 6:00pm.
I am sorry, but there is not a table available at that time. Would you like to try a different restaurant?
I'm sorry, I was actually looking for a reservation for Monday at 6:15. Are there any tables available at that time?
I have you at J restaurant, 16:15, reference number is : ENOZR5HA. Anything else?
Great thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I actually need a table for 6 people not 2 @ 18:15 on Monday.
Okay I have amended that reservation and your reference number is NMJIT3AV.
Thank you so much and I apologize for the confusion on my part.  That is all I need for now.  Bye.
Okay. No worries. Enjoy your dinner!
***
Hi I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving north indian food.
We don't have any specific restaurants in that category. Let's try something else?
That's too bad.  How about Chinese?
Okay sure what do you have?
Okay when you find something I would like to make a reservation for 2 people on a Sunday at 13:30.
Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't mind about the price range.
Okay, how about lan hong house? It is a chinese restsurant in the centre area and is in the moderate price range. Will that work for you?
That's fine.  Can you try booking it?
I'm sorry, but I wasn't able to book the restaurant for that date and time.  Would you like to try a different time?
How about 12:30?
You are booked for 12:30 on Sunday for 2 people. Your reference number is F1NTKWZO. Is there something else I can help you with?
Thanks so much.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. 
What kind of food do you want? italian or modern european?
I do not care. 
There are two restaurants: Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum.
Is there anything else available?
No, there are only 2 restaurants in the area. Is there anything else I can help with?
Give me the address and postcode of any of them, please.
The phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton is 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
That's great. Thank you so much 
You're very welcome. 
***
Could you give me information about a restaurant called panahar?
Absolutely. Panahar is a more expensive indian restaurant. It is located at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre. Their postal code is cb12lf. Their phone number is 01223355012.
Could you book a table for me there on Friday?
Yes, I can, for how many people and what time on Friday?
There will be 4 of us and we would like to eat at 11:00.
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time slot?
Sure, how about 10:00?
The 10:00 slot at Panahar was available. Your reference number is 12RTYGZ7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Have a great day!
I'm glad I could assist you.
***
Hi I want to find a place to eat in the moderate price range in the east part of town.
There are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant Which food type would you prefer?
One that  serves italian food.
That would be the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, at Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Would you like a reservation?
Yes any one of them would be find. A table for 4 at 13:30 on tuesday please.
It is not open then, perhaps another day, place or time?
No, I really need it for that time and area. Maybe the indian restaurant if it is in the same price range?
Yes. I was able to book a table for 4 at Curry Prince for Tuesday at 13:30. Reference number is 34FPHM6M. Is there anything else i can help you with?
No thank you that should be all.
Thank you for using our system today!
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Vietnamese food. I don't care about the price range.
Thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like their location? 
Yes, what is their address and phone number?
its address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 362456 .
Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye. 
***
 i am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the west.
There are few expensive restaurants in the west what type of cuisine do you want ?
I would like to eat european food please. 
There is one option. It's cambridge lodge restaurant. Do you want to book a table?
I'm not ready to book yet. Can you just give me the phone number, postcode, and address?
Sure, the phone number is 01223355166 and it is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.  Postcode cb30dq.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed for now. 
You are welcome. Have a nice day!
***
I am looking for a cheap gastropub restaurant in the centre of town
I was not able to find any restaurants matching your requirements.
How about something in the south and moderate price range?
I'm still not finding anything. Would you like me to search a different part of town or a different food type?
Sure let's try chinese food.
There are 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre of town: Charlie Chan, Rice House, or Golden House. Would you like me to book any of these?
I'll take Rice House, what's the postcode?
It's cb12bd. Anything else I can get you?
That's all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
Can you help me find a restaurant called little seoul?
Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thanks, will you please get me a reservation for 4 people at 16:00 on monday there?
I've made your reservation for 4 on Monday at 16:00. Your reference number is PCU46V3W. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.
***
I would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town. 
Meghna is an indian restaurant that meets your criteria. Would you like their location? 
west part of town. 
Meghna is located in the west part of town.
Can you please let me know the address?
The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.
Are there any other moderately price restaurants in the west part of town? Can I get the address for another one?
Prezzo is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the west part of town. It is located at 21-24 Northampton Road. 
Thank you goodbye. 
Goodbye.
***
Hi! I'd like to find an expensive Indian restaurant to dine at. 
Curry garden is an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range.
Is Curry garden in the centre?
Yes it is. Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
I'm not looking for a reservation at the moment. Can I just get the phone number, postcode, and address? Thanks!
Certainly. The phone number for Curry Garden is 01223302330, the postcode is cb21dp, and the address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. May I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help. 
Thank you for using this system!
***
I am looking for the chiquito restaurant bar can you help me find it?
Sure! Their address is 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road, and their phone number is 01223400170
Please book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on tuesday.
I am sorry but the restaurant is fully booked. Do you want to try another restaurant?
Is there a similar restaurant in the area at that price range?
I'm sorry that's the only restaurant in that price range
***
I would like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town, please. 
The only cheap restaurant in the east part of tow is the Missing Sock.
Address and phone number, please
The address for the Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and the phone number is 01223 812660.
thank you good bye
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Thanks so much.  Bye bye.
Have a nice day
***
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
There are 2 cheap restaurants in the north part of town. Do you prefer italian or indian food? 
I do not have a preference.  
The two restaurants are Da Vinci Pizzeria and Royal Spice. 
da vinci pizzeria serves italian food. it is in the north part of town.
do you need the address?
Of course!
It is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need any other information.
No, thank you. That is all.
OK. Thank you and good bye.
***
Are there any expensive places to eat in the east?
Grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range in the east part of town.
I was really looking for a kosher cuisine? Is that available there? If so can you book a table for four?
There are no restaurants in the east that serve kosher food. Would you like me to search another area?
Are there any restaurants that serve Indian food?
I can book you a table for 4 at the pipasha restaurant.
***
I am looking for a cuban restaurant in the north part of town. 
I am sorry, I could not find any Cuban restaurants for you in the north part of town.  Is there a different type of food you would like me to search for instead?
I still want the north part of town, but look for Asian Oriental food instead please.
Saigon City is located in the north part of town and serves Asian Oriental food.   Would you like their address?
Yes, I would like their address and phone number, please. 
The phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and their address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton.  Would you like anything else? 
No, that does it.  Thank you and goodbye!
Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
***
I would like to eat at an expensive european food restaurant
There are five european restaurants, which area would you like to dine in?
The area doesn't matter. Can you make a recommendation, please?
I would recommend Eraina, it is at Free School Lane City Centre. 
Great, Can you book me a table for 2 at 18:00 on Monday?
Unfortunately Eraina is not available at that time. Would you like to try the City Stop Restaurant?
Sure, that would work.
Please book another day or time slot. the place could be full
How about 17:00?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is KANPYWAC,
Thanks, that is all I need today.
The address for the restaurant is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223363270.  You will fond the restaurant in the North area of town.
***
I'm looking for an indian restaurant that is priced moderately. 
There are four restaurants that meet that criteria, one in the north, one in the west, and two in the east. Which area would you prefer?
One in the East, please.
We have Curry Prince and Rajmahal. Would you like to book a table at either one of those?
Yes I would like to book a table for 6 people at 16:15 on Thursday. 
Booking was successful at Rajmahal.  your reference number is Z1827CKB.   Is there anything else I can assist with?
No, thank you.
Thank you . 
***
I'm looking for a restaurant called the copper kettle.
I have found The Copper Kettle lcoated at 4 Kings Parade. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes I would like a table for 3 on tuesday at 15:15.
Booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different time of place?
Can you find me another place in the same area and price range?
I was able to book you at the oak bistro. Reference number K4QUY32N. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thank you.
Okay enjoy your dinner.
***
What is good in the south part of town
What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care what type of food it is.
There are nine restaurants in the south area. Is there a price range you would like in particular?
Yes, under $25.00 per entree.
Would you like the cheap, moderate, or expensive price range?
cheap, please 
There are two available in the south: Nandos, which serves Portuguese, and The Lucky Star, which serves Chinese. Do you have a preference? 
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town. 
I recommend golden wok. It is in the north part of town with a moderate price range.
Yes, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. 
I recommend golden wok. It is in the north part of town with a moderate price range.
I don't want Golden Wok, is there anything else?
Yes, your other option is The Nirala. It serves Indian food and is also located in the north part of town.
Okay. What is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223 360966.
Thank you.  Goodbye.
Thank you, enjoy your meal.
***
I need to get some information on a restaurant named eraina
Eraina is an expensive European restaurant in the centre of the city. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Yes for 8 people at 12:30 on Monday please
I'm sorry, I wasn't able to get that reservation. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Is there another restaurant in the same area and price range that is available at that time?
I've booked you in at fitzbillies restaurant. It is in the same area and price range as eraina. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OGRYGI2N.
Thank you for all the help you have been. You have a good day.
I'm glad we could help. Thank you!
***
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
There are five expensive restaurants in that area. Do you have a preference for price range or type of food?
Any type of food is fine
There is an expensive Mexican restraunt in the south area of town called chiquito restaurant bar. Is that fine?
Is there anything else?
frankie and bennys serves italian food and is located in the south part of town.  Would you like more information for them? 
I need the address.
Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
Good bye 
Goodbye. 
***
is there a restaurant in the Centre?
There are several restaurants located in the centre, which kind of food do you prefer?
I would like one serving korean food, possible. 
Little Seoul serves Korean food in the city's centre.  It is expensive but very classy.  Would you like to know more about it?
Can I get the address and phone number?
Little Seoul's address is 108 Regent Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 308681.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye and have a nice day.
***
I'm looking for something serving christmas food.
There are no restaurants serving Christmas food. 
How about a moderately priced chinese restaurant?
Yes, there is one called golden wok in the north part of town. do you want this one?
Ok, what's the phone number?
golden wok's number is 01223 350688
Is there anything else?
That's all, enjoy your meal.  
Thanks!  You too! 
Goodbye.
***
I would like to find a restaurant in the east part of town that serves gastropub food.
The Royal Standard is located at 290 Mill Road City.
What is the phone number?
you can reach them at 01223 247877 .
thank you very much, bye
you're welcome, have a good day.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and in the south part of town.
There are results matching your query. Would you like Mexican, Italian, Chinese, or Indian?
Let's go with Italian food. 
Frankie and Bennys is an expensive Italian eatery in the south part of town. Would you like any additional information about this restaurant?
 address and phone number
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the city center that serves modern European food.
I can recommend the Michaelhouse Cafe. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, I would like to reserve a table for 5 people at 18:00 on Wednesday.
I'm sorry, but there aren't any reservations available at michaelhouse at that time.   Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Yes, please find me another restaurant in the city center in the same price range.
michaelhouse cafe is a nice place and the only option available.
***
Hi, I'm looking for a particular restaurant named Bedouin. Can you help? 
Yes. Bedouin serves african food and is is located in the centre. 
Can you book me a table for 3 people at 20:00 on Wednesday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : N332O6JK.
Great, thank you so much. That'll be all for today. Bye!
Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves spanish food
La Raza is a Spanish restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and it is located in the centre part of town. Would you like the phone number?
What is the address?
The address for La Raza is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent.  Would you like their phone number?
no, thank you 
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
I want portuguese food and I don't care about the price range. What is the address and phone number?
Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and it is on the south side of town. The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, and the phone number is 01223 327908.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
I would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town, please.
da vinci pizzeria is an italian restaraunt in the north part of town.  Would you like their phone number or address?
Is there anything else?
City Stop Restaurant is in the north part of town, and it is in the cheap price range. 
Is there anything else in the cheap price range on the north side of town?
Royal Spice is a cheap restaurant on the north side of town.  Would you like their address?
Address and phone number for Royal Spice, yes please. 
The phone number for royal spice is 01733 553355 and they are located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.  Can I help you with anything else? 
No, that's everything. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Hi there. I am hoping you could help me find a british restaurant in town. 
Sure we have quite a few. Do you have a price range or area in mind?
Yes I am looking for something moderately priced.
Okay, and do you prefer a certain area of town? There are four in the centre and one in the west. 
Yes, the one in the west please.
The one in the west is Saint Johns Chop House. Its located at 21-24 Northampton Street. Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, I would really appreciate that. Can you get me a table for 5 on Sunday at 16:45? 
I'm afraid they're fully booked for 16:45 Sunday. Perhaps a different time or day?
Is there anything an hour earlier or an hour later on that same day?
No, unfortunately. Both an hour earlier and an hour later, they're booked. 
Let's try a different restaurant. 
What is available in the centre area at 16:45 for a party of 5?
Sure, when you find something, make the booking and give me the reference number.
I have you booked at a British place in the center of town. Restaurant One Seven, reference code 5K83E181.
Thank you, that is all I need. Bye.
Have a great day! 
***
What is the phone number and postcode of a cheap restaurant in the east part of town?
There is The Missing Sock. They serve international food on the east side and are cheap. Their phone number is 01223 812660 and postcode is C.B 25, 9 A.Q.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
No, thank you.
Goodbye
***
I need your help in finding a particular restaurant. I don't know much about the restaurant, unfortunately I don't even know the food served. I do know the name: caffe uno.
Caffe Uno is an Italian restaurant at 32 Bridge Street.
That's it. I want to book a table for 4 people at 17:30 on Saturday.
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they have anything available. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Yes. Try the same area and price range. 
How about asian cuisine?  It is an expensive restaurant located at 52 Mill Road in Centre.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in the west area.  Can you locate one for me please?
There are 3 results for restaurants in the west that serve British food.  Do you prefer moderately priced, or expensive?
I would like to get information about moderately priced.
I have st johns chop house within the moderate price range. Can I book it for you?
Can you check to see if booking is available for 5 people at 19:30 on Sunday?
Sorry, but there is not space for 5 people. Can I search a restaurant in the north?
I need something else in the West, moderate priced. 
Okay I booked you into an Indian restaurant that is moderately priced called Prezzo and your reference number is  TMT76MHK.
Thank you! That's all I need from you today.
Okay. Do not hesitate to call us again if you need anything else.
***
I'm looking for an Italian restaurant on the south side of town.
Sure we have either pizza hut cherry hinton or frankie and bennys. Would you like to book a table at one of these places?
Great! I'd like a table at Frankie and Bennys for 7 people at 14:00 on Friday.
I'm sorry, that time is not available. Would you like to book another day or time?
How about at 13:00 at same time?
Your table is reserved at 13:00 on Friday. Your reference number is RQ2L5TKR.
Great. That's all I need!
Thank you, let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.
***
I would like a cheap restaurant in the east! 
As far as cheaper restaurants, I only have one available that's located in the east. It's called the Missing Sock and serves international food. Would you like more information?
That sounds good. Please give me more information.
Sure the missing sock is in the east, serves cheap food. Would you like to book a table?
No but I would like the address and post code please.
The Missing Sock is at Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Postcode cb259aq.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
***
Looking for a restaurant on the South part of town?
What type of food would you like?
I do not have a preference. 
Do you have any preference on the cost?
I would like something in the cheap price range, please. 
There is a very popular Chinese restaurant in the south part of town called The Lucky Star, it is in the cheap price range.
Can I have the address and phone number please?
Their number is 01223 244277 and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Can I be of any further assistance?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range
Do you have a preference on area?
It should be in the west part of town.
Do you have a preference on food type? There are three restaurants with the following food types: indian, italian, and british.
British sounds good.  What's it called?
Saint johns chop house serves british food in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes, I would like the address and phone number.
saint johns chop house phone number is 01223 353110 and is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street
Perfect. Thank you very much. 
Thank you for using our system. Good bye.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town with a modest price range.  Can you recommend one?
Yippee noodle bar has good ratings and is in the moderate price range in the centre of town.
That sounds great. Can I reserve a table for 4 at 20:00 on Wednesday?
Booking was unsuccessful. Let's try another day or time.
Okay let's try 19:00 instead.
That was succesful. Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 54GI6AI7.
That is wonderful.  Thank you for your help.  Have a great day.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
There is nothing else. Again, thank you. Goodbye.
Have a great day, goodbye!
***
I am looking for a place to dine that serves chinese food and located in the centre.
I have 5 that serve chinese food. How about charlie chan? It's priced pretty cheap.
Yes, that sounds good. Could you book it for me on saturday at  18:00.
How many people are you booking for?
There are six of us.
I'm so sorry, that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant, instead?
Yes another Chinese restaurant for six people.
I was able to get you a table for six at Rice House. The reference number is WY1LH16E. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you
Ok, I hope you enjoy your meal.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
***
I need an indian restaurant in the centre.
Curry garden has good reviews and serves Indian food in the centre of town.
I would like it to be in the expensive range of food, is that place expensive?
Yes, it's expensive. Would that work for you?
Could you give me the phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223302330 and their postcode is 	cb21dp.
Great. Thank you! That is all I need.
Glad to be of assistance.  Have a great day.  Bye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Irish food and is in the expensive price range.
There is not a restaurant serving Irish food in the expensive price range.  Would you like another restaurant? 
Is there an expensive korean restaurant?
Yes, Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the expensive price range.
Great! Can you give me the address and area of Little Seoul?
Little seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.  May I help you with anything else today? 
no thank you good bye
Thank you. Good bye 
***
What restaurants are on the east part of town?
There are several restaurants in the east part of town.  Would you like something in the moderate, cheap or expensive price range? 
expensive
Grafton Hotel Restaurant serves British food, it is on the east side of town, and it is in the expensive price range. Would you like the phone number?
What is the address?
Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
Great, thanks for your help. That's all I need.
Goodbye. 
***
I want some welsh food. Moderately priced please.
I'm sorry I do not find any restaurants meeting those requirements
I'd like a Chinese restaurant instead then.
There are several chinese restaurants in the moderate price range. Would you prefer the north or centre of town? 
I don't care. 
Golden Wok is located in the north part of town. Would you like their address and phone number?
I would like their phone number, please. 
golden wok's phone number is 01223 350688
Is there any thing else i can help you with?
I appreciate the offer, but it is my job to help you.  Is there anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome and good bye.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. Could I get the address and phone number please?
La Margherita is an Italian restaurant in the west part of town that is cheap. Would you like their address and phone number?
Yes, please.
Thank you.
***
I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town
Royal Standard is a gastropub located in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range.  
What is the address?
The Royal Standard is locdated at 290 Mill Road City Centre. How else may I assist you?
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and have a wonderful day!
***
I'd like to find a restaurant. The restaurant should be expensive in price, only the finest in food. Also, I'd like it if the restaurant was in the centre of town.
I have many listings that fit,can I find out exactly what type of food you are looking for?
I need for the restaurant to serve Chinese food.
How about the Tang Chinese?  I would recommend it.  Can I make a reservation for you?
That sounds great! I need a table for Monday at 12:15 for 8 people.
So it is not avaible then, shall I try another place to dine?
Yes, please do! A different restaurant in the same area and price range. 
Booked at hk fusion. Reference number: O00TTIOS. Table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thank you and goodbye.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town
Restaurant Alimentum serves modern European food and is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Can you give me their address and phone number?
The phone number for Restaurant Alimentum is 01223 413000 and the address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.  Anything else I can help you find today?
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and have a great day!
***
Hi.  I am hoping you can help me find a cheap Indian restaurant.
Sure I have 4 cheap Indian restaurants. kohinoor, royal spice, the gandhi and mahal of cambridge. Would you like to book one of these?
The mahal sounds expensive and the gandhi probably has only small portions. Let's book a table for two at the royal spice.
Of course.  When would you like to dine?
Actually, I don't need a reservation right now, but could you give me the address and phone number for the Royal Spice?
The Royal Spice is at Victoria Avenue Chesterton, their phone number is 01733553355. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all, thank you for your help
Your, welcome! Have a great day!
Thanks again. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
***
I need a moderate priced restaurant please.
There are 31 restaurants that fit your criteria. Is there a part of the city you would prefer?
I would like an Italian restaurant in the south.
I've found one restaurant. It is Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes can you book for 6 people at 19:15 on Wednesday?
I cannot complete this booking. Would you like to find another restaurant?
That's disappointing. Is there anything else moderately priced in that area?
Yes, I also have the Restaurant Alimentum that serves modern european food. Would that work for you?
Sure, as long as it's in the south. Can you give me the reference number once booked?
I have reservations booked for 19:15 on Wednesday for 6 ppeople. The reference number is PJMAUG2E. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will take care of it. Thank you very much for your help!
You're welcome.  Enjoy your meal. 
***
I need some Caribbean food in the south part of town.
unfortunately, no Caribbean restaurants can be found in the south of town. can i help you with something else?
Is there an italian restaurant in the south part of town? 
There are two restaurants serving Italian food in the south of town. What price range would you like?
I don't care. 
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton serves Italian food on the south part of town. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please 
The phone number is 01223 323737.
May I also get the postcode of the restaurant? 
The post code is C.B 1, 7 D.Y . Is there anything else I can do for you ?
That will be all. Thank you very much! 
Thank you, have a great day!
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves international food!
What area are you looking for?
I don't care.
The Bloomsbury restaurant, serves international food.
What is their address and phone number?
Bloomsbury restaurant is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and their phone number is 0871 942 9180. May I help you with anything else? 
Is Bloomsbury restaurant in the moderate price range? 
Yes, Bloomsbury restaurant is in the moderate price range.
Can I get the postcode?
Bloomsbury restaurant has the C.B 2, 3 D.T postcode.
What is the address and phone number?
The address for Bloomsbury restaurant is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and the phone number is 0871 942 9180.  Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thank you. 
You're welcome.  Bye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in the west part of town, and it serves European food.
Thank you. Can I have the address please?
Yes.  Their address is 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. 
Thank you. I would like their price range and phone number as well please.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in the expensive price range and the phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Enjoy your dining experience. 
***
I'd love to find an Asian Oriental restaurant. Something moderately priced. 
May I recommend yippee noodle bar, located at 40428 King street in the centre of town?
That's perfect, thank you!
Is that all? Would you like be to book? Anything else you need?
Yes please book it for 3 people on Sunday at 14:45 please.
I apologize but there were no openings for that time. Would you like to try another day or time?

Yes, could you try 13:45?
Your booking was successful. They will reserve your table for 15 minutes, and your reference number is Q9J4799I. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you.  Have a good rest of your day.
You as well, enjoy your meal. 
***
I am looking for a french restaurant.
There are two french restaurants listed. Do you have a preference of area? Centre or north part of town? 
I don't care.
Cote is a French restaurant in the centre part of town, and it is in the expensive price range. Is that price range okay for you?
Are there any other French places available? 
Restaurant two two is a nice place that serves French food in the expensive price range and is in the North part of town.
That sounds great!  May I have their address and postcode, please? 
restaurant two two's Address is 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, their postcode is C.B 4, 3 A.X
please give me the address and postcode
cote is located at Bridge Street City Centre and their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F.  May I help you with anything else? 
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range serving modern European food.
I have at least three choices would you like a recommendation?
I'd like a restaurant on the south end of town, please. 
How does restaurant alimentum sound? They are on the south side of town.
That sounds good, can I book a table there for 1 person at 12:30 on wednesday?
Your reservation at Restaurant Alimentum has been made for 12:30 on Wednesday and your reference number is X08RCBWH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all I need. Thank you for your help!
I'm glad we could help, and enjoy your luncheon at Alimentum. Have a wonderful day!
***
Where'a a restaurant on the east part f town?
What type of food would you like?
it doesn't matter
the royal standard is located in city centre
Are there any restaurants located not in the city centre but in the east part of town?
There are a few restaurants in the east part of town. Are you looking for a certain price range?
***
I need assistance finding a restaurant that is cheap and serves british food, can you help me?
I am sorry, I do not have any cheaply priced British restaurants in the city.  Would you like a different type of food or maybe a different price range?
Do you have any Asian Oriental restaurants in the same price range?
Yes I found 2 cheap asian oriental places to eat. The dojo noodle bar and j restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes. Please book me a table at the dojo noodle bar for 7 people at 19:00 on wednesday. 
I couldn't get you a table at Dojo, I can get you one at J Restaurant, if you want?
That works. Same parameters, please. I need the reference number too.
Booked! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: F10EIGQ3.
Great thank you for all your help.
Do you need anything else?
That was all thank you.
Okay great. Thanks for calling and enjoy your dinner.
***
I'm looking for a Swedish restaurant, preferably in the expensive price range.
I am sorry.  There are no Swedish restaurants in this city.  Is there another type of restaurant you would like me to help you find?
mediterranean food.
There are 3 restaurants that serve mediterranean food.  What price range are you looking for?
I prefer the expensive price range.
la mimosa serves mediterranean food and is in the expensive price range.  their phone number is 01223 362525 and they are located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. 
Thank you. Goodbye. 
You're welcome, thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant with vegetarian food.
What area of town are you looking for?
Any area of town would be fine. 
There are no restaurants serving vegetarian food.
How about european food?
Would you prefer European or modern European food?
European, please. 
There are ten results. Do you have a price range preference?
No I do not
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food and is the expensive price range. 
Can I have the address and phone number?
The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre, postcode C.B 3, 0 d.Q , phone is 01223 355166
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome and thank you for calling. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a British restaurant that is moderately priced. 
There are a few of them.  Would you prefer the centre of town or the west area?
How about the center?
There are a few restaurants that will meet your needs. I suggest The Copper Kettle at 4 Kings Parade City Centre.
Please book a table for 3 at 14:15 on Friday at The Copper Kettle.
I was able to book a table for you at 14:15 at the Copper Kettle. Your reference number is 3ED8CQBU. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all. Thank you very much! 
You're welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.
***
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
I would suggest you try the Chiquito Restaurant bar. 
What type of food do they serve and may I have their address? 
chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food and located at 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Would you like anything else? 
That is all thank you.
You're welcome. 
***
Hello, I am looking for a Lebanese restaurant in the centre of town. 
Ali baba is a lebanese restaurant in the moderate price range in the Centre part of town. 
What is the address and phone number?
Ali Baba is located at 59 Hills Road City Centre and the phone number is 01462 432565.
Thank  you. Good bye.
You're very welcome. Have a good night. 
***
Can you recommend a restaurant to me in the South part of town?  I don't want to spend a lot of money.
What type of food are you looking for?
The type of food doesn't matter to me.
Two results with cheap price range in the south area of town. One is Nandos which is Portuguese food. The other is The Lucky Star, which is Chinese food.
Is there anything else?
The Lucky Star is a Chinese restaurant that is cheap and on the South side of town.
What is the phone number? 
The phone number of The Lucky Star is 01223 244277.
That will be good. Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for an expensive Indian restaurant. Can you help me with that?
Sure, I can help you with that. There are 14 choices. Did you have a certain area in mind?
I need the town centre.
I have 6 different Indian food restaurants available. Might I suggest Curry Queen. It is the most highly rated in the area. 
Certainly, sounds good.  Could you just get me the address and postcode?
The Curry Queen is located at 5 Jordans Yard Bridge Street City Centre, and the postcode is cb21ug, would you like me to book this restaurant?
No thank you, that is all I needed!
Thank you and please check with us for future reservations.
***
expensive mediterranean restaurant please 
La mimosa is an expensive mediterranean restaurant in the centre part of town.  Would you like their location? 
What is the phone number and postcode?
The phone number for La Mimosa is 01223 362525, and the postcode is CB58AQ.
Thank you good bye. 
thank you for using our system. good bye 
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system and have a great day!
***
I would like a restaurant that serves swiss food
I'm sorry, we do not have any Swiss restaurants available.  Do you want to try a different type of food? 
I would like to try vietnamese food
Thanh Binh is a good vietnamese restaurant in the cheap price range
What is the address?
17 Magdalene Street City Centre
OK thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
Hi, I'm looking for a local upscale chinese restaurant.
There are 9 restaurants that meet your criteria. Want to try Yu Garden on 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton or a different one?
Actually, I'm looking for somewhere that's located near the centre. Could you recommend somewhere near there?
The Ugly Duckling restaurant is an expensive Chinese restaurant near the center of town. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.
For how many people and at what time/day?
It's for 5 people and we want to eat at 13:30 on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : TZPTJJA5.
Great. Thank you so much for your help.
You are welcome. Have a good day!
***
Can you help me find a Russian restaurant?
I'm sorry, there are Russian restaurants. Do you have a secondary choice?
Yes, what about European type food?
Please wait a moment while I check for European restaurants for you
If you find a European restaurant, I would also like the address and phone number. 
Cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food, their phone number is 01223 355166 and address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre
Thank you. Good bye.
thank you good bye
***
Hello, I am looking for a thai restaurant on the north side of town. 
unfortunately there are no thai restaurants in the north, do you want to change an area to look for ?
how about west area? i also want the address, phone number, and price range? 
sala thong servers thai food and is expensive in the west. their phone number is 01223323178 the address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham, it there anything I can help you with?
No, thank you.  Goodbye.
Enjoy your meal. 
***
I want to find a restaurant in the south part of town serving singaporean food.
I'm sorry, there is not a restaurant serving singaporean food in the south part of town.  Would you like to try indian food? 
Indian food of course and what is the phone number?
Taj Tandoori serves Indian food on the south part of town. Their number is 01223 412299. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all. Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system..good bye 
***
I'm looking for a nice expensive restaurant in the south part of town
backstreet bistro is an nice expensive one.  
Can you please let me know the address with the postcode and the phone number please?
Backstreet Bistro is at 2 Sturton Street City Centre, post code C.B 1, 2 Q.A. The phone number is 01223 306306.
Thank you.  That is all I needed to know.  Good bye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
Goodbye.
Have a nice day.
***
Hi, I'm looking for an Indian restaurant. I'd prefer something on the west side. 
I have found 6 restaurants meeting your criteria. Rice boat is a good choice. Would you like me to book you a table?
I'm looking for something in the fine dining price range, so the place should be expensive.  Are there any that fit that criteria?
Absolutely, there are a few choices.  How about Tandoori Palace on Histon Road?  
That sounds good. may I have their postcode, address, and phone number?
Sure.  Tandoori is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton in postcode cb43le.  Their phone number is 01223506055.  Can I book it for you?
No, that's fine.
Ok, will there be anything else I can assist you with?
No, I think that's everything. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
***
Could you help me find an Austrian restaurant please? 
I'm sorry but there are no Austrian restaurants. Is there another type that might interest you?
Darn, I was really hoping to find a cheap Austrian restaurant. Would you mind checking one more time? 
I'm so sorry but there doesn't seem to be any restaurants in the city that offer austrian food. Can I look for another cuisine style for you? 
Ok, how about a cheap Chinese restaurant?
We have four cheap Chinese restaurants. Are you interested in the south or centre area?
I am interested in the centre area.
The golden house is a cheap chinese restaurant in the center area. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'd like a table for 3 on Saturday at 18:30.
There doesn't seem to be any availability for Saturday at 18:30. Does another time or day work for you? 
Sure, try 17:30.
I was able to make your reservation for 17:30. Your reference number is VGGQ2AP9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all.
Excellent. Have a good rest of your day.
***
I am looking for a Cuban food place, in the east. 
I am sorry but there aren't any restaurants matching your criteria. Can I help you with something else? 
Can you check again? The only thing I'm interested in is a moderately priced Cuban restaurant in the east.
I apologize I am still not showing any restaurants that meet your criteria.  Is there another type of cuisine you would prefer?
Do you have a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the east?
Yes I have 2. Curry Prince and Rajmahal.
I will try the Curry Prince. Can you book a table for 4 people on Monday at 17:30?
I apologize booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to try Rajmahal
Yes, try that.
I have you at Rajmahal, Reference number is : T44KC552. Anything else you need?
No, thank you. You have been very helpful.  Have a great day.
Here is the address and the phone number: 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, 01223244955.
Thanks again for helping to find me a place to eat. I have the reference number T44KC552.
Enjoy your meal at the rajmahal. Have a great day.
***
Hi Can you help me find a restauant in the west side of the city?>
What type of cuisine or price range would you prefer?
i dont care the type of cuisine but can you find me something in the west?
Meghna is a nice indian restaurant in the west part of town.
Ok, and the phone number and address?
The phone number for Meghna is 01223 727410 and is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton
Ok, thank you 
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
***
Hi, I am looking for a north Indian restaurant in the town centre?
I've found 9 restaurants that match what you're looking for. Would you like me to go through them?
One in the moderate price range would be good. Can you find one for me?
I am sorry there are non in the moderate price range,I have a few in the cheap price range,would that be okay?
No, in that case I think I would prefer to try a place that serves international food.
I have 2 restaurants that meet your needs: The Varsity Restaurant on Saint Andrews St. and Bloomsbury Restaurant on Downing Street.
Okay, how about The Varsity .. I'd like a table for four on Thursday at 12:30.
Booking was unsuccessful, want to try another restaurant??
Yes. I'd like the same area and price range.  
Okay I was able to get you into the Bloomsbury and your reference number is 6BOHROUH.
Thank you, that will be just fine. 
You're very welcome! Don't hesitate to call if you would like help finding other attractions.
***
I would like a cheap restaurant in the north part of town
There are two cheap restaurants in the north part of town. Would you prefer italian or indian?
I don't care. 
I suggest Da Vinci Pizzeria. They serve great Italian food. Would you like their contact information?
What is the address?
The address for Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.  Would you like any additional information?
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome and thanks for your call today! Bye bye.
***
I would like a moderately prices restaurant in the East part of town. I would like the phone number and postcode, please.
We have 3 matching your request in the East part of town. Do you prefer Indian or Italian?
I don't care. 
There is Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, their phone number is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and postal code is C.B 5, 8 W.R.
***
Could you recommend a Chinese restaurant for me to try?
Sure I have them in all price ranges all over the city. Do you have an area you prefer?
The centre of the city, with a moderate price range, please. 
Okay, I was able to find 3 restaurants for your preference. I have jinling noodle bar, Ian hong house, and shanghai family restaurant... is there any preference on one of these?
No, I don't have a preference, I would like a reservation on Sunday at 11:15 for three people. 
Unfortunately I was not able to book that restaurant.
How about for 10:15?
I was able to get you a table for 3 on Sunday at 10:15 at the Shanghai Family Restaurant. Your reference number is SFWTQUB7. Is there anything else?
No, thank you. That is all for today.
Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a place in the centre of town that serves Thai food.
Bangkok city serves Thai food in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number or address?
Of course
Bangkok City is located in 24 Green Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 354382.   
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Korean food. I would like the address and area, please.
The Little Seoul fits fits your price request. It is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank You.
thank you good bye 
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. 
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the south. Would you prefer Italian or Modern European? 
May I have the address and phone number of the Italian restaurant?
That would be the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, and they can be reached at 01223 323737. Can I help you with anything else today? 
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you, goodbye!
***
 I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the north and should serve italian food
da vinci pizzeria at 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Is that restaurant cheap?
Yes the restaurant is cheap.
please get me the you get phone number and address
The phone number is 01223351707 and the address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. I don't a reservation. That is all the info I need today.
You're welcome. Please call us again and have a nice day.
You, too. Thank you, goodbye now.
Thank you for allowing me to help you, have a great day.
***
Hi I need to find a place to dine serving Vietnamese food in the cheap price range.
Thanh Binh is a restaurant serving Vietnamese food in the cheap price range.
Thank you! 
You're welcome
Can you book me a table for 7 people at 12:00 on saturday?
Okay, got it. Your table has been reserved. The reference number is U2OY8B4T.
Thanks so much!
Thank you have a great day.
***
I'd like a Kosher restaurant that's in the moderate price range.
I'm sorry, there is not a kosher restaurant in the moderate price range.  Would you like to try something else? 
How about asian oriental food?
Yippee Noodle Bar is a moderately priced restaurant serving asian oriental food.
What is the address and phone number?
Yippee Noodle Bar's phone number is 01223 518111. Their address is 40428 King Street City Centre
thank you, goodbye
You're welcome.
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant to eat at in the north.
I've found a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
Chinese would be great!
If you tell me a day and a time you would like to reserve, I can book that for you.
I would like a table for 8 people at 17:30 on Wednesday
Then booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to  try the Indian restaurant?
Okay, that sounds good. I'll need a reference number.
It's booked, your reference number is 5YBVERXA.
Thank you so much for your help.
No problem. I hope you have a great day. Good-Bye!
***
Hi, i am looking for a middle eastern restaurant in the expensive price range. 
I am sorry, there are no expensive middle eastern restaurants. Can I look in a different price range?
Yes, can we try a moderate price range.
Sorry there are no moderate middle eastern restaurants either. Do you want to try a different price range?
Hmm, how about Italian?  Expensive.
There are some great ones.  Do you have a preference for which part of town it is in?
Nope! Could you pick your favorite and book a table for me? 2 people at 12:30 on Tuesday, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : H9SV1U6G.
Awesome. Thanks for your assistance, that's all I need.
I am glad to be of service! Have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
***
Yes, I'd like some help looking for a particular restaurant. The name of the restaurant is Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop. I'd like to know where it's located and how expensive.
Certainly it is in the expensive price range and it is located at 40270 King Street City Center.
Perfect, could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:00 on Sunday?
Unfortunately there are no reservations available at that time. Would you like me to look for another restaurant?
Yes, please look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range as Darrys Cookhouse. 
How about Erania. It's a European resturant at Free School Lane City Centre.  
What is the address,please? 
Their address is free school lane city centre, would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book that for the same party and time on Sunday.
Thank you. Good-bye
***
I'm looking for a restaurant in the east.
There are nine restaurants in the east. Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a price range but I am looking for asian oriental cuisine. Is that possible?
I am sorry there is nothing that meets that criteria. Is there another type of food or area you would be interested in?
How about British food?
I would recommend you try Grafton Hotel Restaurant.  As requested it is in the east and serves British food. 
Thanks, will you please book a table for 7 people on thursday at 13:00?
Booking was unsuccessful.
can we  book another day or time slot?

please try booking at 1200hrs and get me the reference number
Booking was successful for Thursday at 1200hrs , table for 7 at Grafton Hotel restaurant. Your Reference number is KQKTCX5Y. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Nope, that should be everything. Thank you so much for all of your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your dinner!
***
I'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town that serves cantonese food. 
I'm sorry but there is not cantonese restaurant in the east, can i offer you something else?
What about an Indian restaurant?
Curry Prince is an Indian restaurant in the East part of town.
what is the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 324351
Address please
Curry Prince is at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
thank you. Good bye.
thank you good bye
***
I would like a restaurant in the centre of town that serves thai food
bangkok city serves thai food in the centre of town.
Can I have the phone number and address please?
bangkok city restaurant is located at 24 green street city centre and its phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and have a great day!
***
Indian in the north
there are two Indian restaurants, Royal Spice and The Nirala.
What is the address, phone number, and price range of one of them?
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant on the North part of town and it is in the cheap price range. The phone number is 01733 553355 and the address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Thank you goodbye. 
You're welcome. Good bye.
***
Hey, could you tell me if there are any panasian restaurants in the east side of town?
I'm not finding any restaurants matching that description. Would you like to try searching a different area?
no
OK. Would you like me to check for a different type of cuisine?
Are there any chinese restaurants on the east side of town? If so, what is the address, phone number and post code?
yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton. Its phone number is 01223 248882 and the postcode is CB58PA. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and good bye to you as well.
***
Looking for someone that serves Australasian food?
No restaurants serving australasian food can be found. May I find another type restaurant for you? 
How about European food?
Galleria serves European food and is in the centre part of town and has a moderate price range.
***
Hi! I'm looking for information on the Rice House restaurant.
The phone number is 01223367755.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll also need their address please.
They are located at 88 Mill Road City Centre.
Great, thank you. Thanks for the info. Have a good rest of your day. 
You're welcome, is there anything else you need? 
No, I have all the information I need. Thank you.
Thank you for using this system!
***
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food. 
There is not a restaurant matching your request.  Would you like another restaurant? 
Yes, how about european food instead.
cambridge lodge restaurant is a nice restaurant serves european if you want something in the west .
Could I have their phone number and address?
Cambridge Lodge restaurant is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.
thank you good bye
glad we could help!
***
Yes I am looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant.
There are quite a few options. Do you have a preference for the area?
I don't. Could you make a recommendation?
The Ugly Duckling located in the centre has great food and is very popular.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
What is the postcode for that restaurant? 
Ugly Duckling's postcode is cb21tw. Can I book a table for you?
That won't be necessary. Thank you for the help!
Thank you , have a great time.
***
I want a cheap portuguese restaurant. Give me their address, phone number, and area, please.
Nandos is a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south area. The phone number is 01223 327908 and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
I'm in the mood for a traditional American food restaurant tonight and looking to treat myself to some expensive fine dining.  Can you help me find a perfect place?
I have gourmet burger kitchen, it's an expensive north american food restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Is it located in the centre of town?
Yes, gourmet burger kitchen is in the centre of town. Would you like to book it?
No thank you. We will just head there now.
Sounds great! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That will be all, thank you.
It's my pleasure. Have a lovely day! Bye!
Awesome but can you give me the reference number?
I need to know then how big is your party and exact time?
Oh yeah sure - I need table for  3 people at 19:00 on wednesday.
sorry but booking was unsuccessful, what about another time?
hmm find me something chinese then
hmm that was also unsuccessful, does different time work for you?
yeah, actually let's try 18:00
I booked for you ugly duckling at 18:00, your ref number is IKXBXWEO
great to hear that, have a good day!
always there for you! have a nice dinner!
***
I'm looking for a gastropub restaurant.
The Backstreet Bistro serves gastropub food.
Can I have the address and postcode.
The address is 2 Sturton street city centre , C.B 1,2 Q.A.
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant System Phone Line. Enjoy your meal!
***
Do you know of any moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town? I'll need the address and phone number.
The Golden Wok is located at 191 histon road Chesterton. It's phone number is 01223350688.
Thank you good bye. 
Enjoy your stay, good bye.
***
Could you recommend a restaurant that serves french food?  I'll need the address, phone number and postcode.  Thank you.
You would like a restaurant serving French food. Do you have a preference to what area it is located? 
I don't care. please give me address, phone number, and postcode.
I can recommend 2 restaurants serving French cuisine:  Cote, located at Bridge Street City Centre C.b2, 1 U.F, phone number 01223 311053 or restaurant two two located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, C.B 4, 3 A.X, phone number 01223 351880 
thank you good bye 
You are welcome.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant called la margherita.
Yes, that's a great cheap Italian place on the west side. What other information can I get for you? 
That's all I needed, thank you.
Have a nice day!
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
Alright, well you have 33 to choose from. Any type of cuisine you're looking for?
I'll take something Chinese if you have it. I'll take the postcode of which every of those you recommend.
Okay the postcode for the Golden House is cb21eg. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will do it.  Thanks for your help.  Have a nice day.
I'm glad to be of service. Enjoy your dinner in Cambridge!
***
I need an expensive place to dine in the center of town.
What type of food are you wanting at this restaurant?
Type of food does not matter to me.
Yes there are 33 such restaurants. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes and book one in the centre of town for tonight.
Certainly. How many will be in your party?
just one, and can you book me for 14:00?
fitzbillies restaurant is British cuisine. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Sure, for Thursday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another restaurant?
Please book a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
Okay. I got you into the Cambridge Chop House and your reference number is T3XZDZFC.
Thank you. That's all I need today.
Thank you for using this service. Good bye. 
***
I want to find some international food in the east part of town.
The Missing Sock serves international food and is located in the east side of town, at Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would you like more information or a reservation?
I need the restaurant to be cheap, does this restaurant fir that criteria? 
Yes, the Missing Sock is listed as being in the cheap price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes, please book for 8 people on Saturday for 12:30.
I am sorry but the Missing Sock is full. May I look for another restaurant for you on the east side of town?
Can you find me something in the same price range?
There is nothing else. Would you like to try another time?
I was really hoping to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.  Can you check for availability again?  Any cuisine is fine.
I'm sorry bu there are no other restaurants on the east side of town that are listed as cheap. Can we try another part of town?
Yes alright then.
I will look up a cheap restaurant on the other part of the town. 
Ok, any area will be ok
I am sorry there are no others in any area,would you like me to check in another price range?
No, I need a cheap restaurant in the east.
The Missing Sock is the only cheap restaurant in the east. Can you perhaps do another time?
I really needed it to be at that time. Thank you for your help.
I'm really sorry we couldn't book the table for you. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
You're certain that, with no particular cuisine needed, there were no cheap restaurants at all?
I booked for you a table at gardenia. It's in the center  and serves mediterranean food. Your reservation is on MSF1LNO1.
Thanks, I hope it will be a good one. Bye!
I'm sure it will, bye!
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving hungarian food.
What area would you like to look in?
I do not care about the area as long as it is hungarian food and cheap. 
There are no hungarian restaurants I can direct you to.  Would you like another type of food?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves modern european food?
The the river bar steakhouse and grill is cheap and serves modern european food
Can I get the address and postcode?
Their address is Quayside Off Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q. May I help you with anything else? 
That's it, Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome and good bye.
***
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should serve international food.
May I recommend Bloomsbury Restaurant?  It serves wonderful International food.
Are they located in the cetre?
Yes, they are. Should I book that for you?
Yes, please try for Sunday at 19:00 for 2 people.
Alright - you are booked, reference number is 4GHAH1TC.
Thanks so much.  That's all I needed.  Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
***
I want a restaurant that serves international cuisine.
There are three restaurants of varying price range serving your requested type of cuisine. Would you like to narrow your request?
I would like to know one of the address and phone number.
The Varisty restaurant, a Centre location is at 35 Sanit Andrews street city centre with a phone number of 01223 356060.
thank you good bye 
You are welcome.
***
I am looking for a restaurant serving chinese food in the centre part of town.
There are several chinese restaurants in the centre area. What price range are you considering?
I am looking for something expensive.
How about hk fusion located at 21 Burleigh Street City Centre? Would you like me to book?
That sounds great! Yes, please! Book a table for 3 people at 15:45 on friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CDBQYMUI. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you very much!
You are welcome.  Enjoy the meal.  Bye.
***
I am looking for Basque food, in the Centre of town. 
I am sorry but there are no matching records found. Can I help you with something else?
Any restaurants in the centre area with an expensive price range?
There are 33 restaurants with that criteria. Would you like to narrow your search? 
Do any of them serve Italian cuisine?
Yes, 4. stazione restaurant and coffee bar, clowns cafe, don pasquale pizzeria, and caffe uno.
Caffe Uno sounds good. Could you book a table for 5 people at 19:30 on monday?
It is unavailable for that time. Would you like to try another time or place?
How about another restaurant in the same area and price range?
I was able to book you at another Italian place by the name of Clowns Caafe, your reference number is BAOHHC1Z, is there anything else that i can assist with?
No that will be all. Thanks for your help.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
***
I need some portuguese food! I need a restaurant in any area. Please give me a phone number.
Nandos is located in the south area. Address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and phone number is 01223 327908.
Is there anything else?
Nandos city centre is in the centre part of town.  Their phone number is 01223 327908
Thank you. Goodbye. 
Thank you, goodbye. 
***
I'm looking for unusual food in the south part of town.
what price range do you prefer ?
I have no preference. 
There are no restaurants in the south part of town serving unusual type food.
What about Italian food?
Frankie and Bennys is an Italian restaurant in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range.
What is the phone number and postcode?
The postcode for Frankie and Bennys is C.B 1, 7 D.Y and the phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye
Goodbye
***
I want a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address?
The Nirala is a great moderately priced Indian restaurant in the north part of town. They are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Good bye.
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Portuguese food. Please also provide the phone number.
I do not show an expensive Portuguese restaurant. Can I look for something else?
How about french food?
Cote is a French restaurant located in the centre part of town and is in the expensive price range.   Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, could I have their phone number?
The phone number for Cote is 01223 311053.
Thank you!  Goodbye!
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve mediterranean food.
The Gardenia restaurant is a great choice. It is not expensive, and meets your other criteria. The address is 2 Rose Crescent City Centre
Sounds great!  Can you help me book a reservation for 4 people on Sunday? 
What time would you like the reservation to be for?
16:15, please, thank you.
You are booked, with ref # WBB6XXRP. Anything else for you today?
No that is all. Thank you for the help.
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
***
I need to find an expensive restaurant on the north side. 
I have about 5 different ones to offer you. I have european food, french, chinese and asian oriental. Do you prefer a certain cuisine?
Can you give me some additional information on the Asian Oriental one? 
Sure, it's called Saigon City, and it's located at 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton, cb41nl. Their phone number is 01223356555. Can I be of further assistance today?
Sounds great. Can you book a table for 1 at 19:15 on Friday please? I will need a reference number too.
Your booking was successful. Your Reference number is 01YIB028. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thanks.  You've been a great help!
Glad to help you.
***
I am looking for a place serving Indian food in the west.
The Tandoori Palace is an excellent choice, though it's a bit expensive. Would you like a table there?
Yes, please book for 3 people at 13:15 on Monday. Include reference number, please.
You are all set for 13:15 Monday.  Your reference number is 36NIKCYF.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks! Bye!
All right, enjoy your meal! 
***
I'm interested in finding a modern European restaurant for dinner with a moderate price range on their menu.
I pulled up 3 restaurants. Two in the centre and one in the south. Do you have a preference on location?
No preference. Can you recommend me one and book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on Wednesday? Thanks!
Of course! You're all set at the Restaurant Alimentum with reference number IA29XFXA. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. goodbye.
Thank you for calling, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for cheap food in the centre.
Sure I have Asian and Chinese restaurants and other options. Is there a type of food you are looking for?
I think I'd like French food please. 
I'm sorry there are no cheap French restaurants in the central area.
What about an Indian restaurant?
There are 3 cheap Indian restaurants located in the centre. I would recommend the Kohinoor. Would you like to book a table?
Great yes please book me a table there for 4 people at 11:00 on tuesday.
I have reserved your table for 4.  Your reference number is SSVF0E1R.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
That will be all. Thank you very much.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
***
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant on the south side of town. 
Frankie and Bennys serves Italian food, it is in the South Part of town, and the price range is expensive. Can I help you with anything else?
What is the address and phone number for Frankie and Bennys?
frankie and bennys address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Their phone number is 01223 412430
thank You
You're welcome. Is there anything else?
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the south part of town
No, that was it.  Bye bye.
Goodbye
***
I need to find a restaurant in the west part of town. It should be in the cheap price range.
I have a Vietnamese and an Italian restaurant matching your requirements. Would you be interested in either?
I'd prefer the Italian one. 
I have La Margherita that is a cheaper italian restaurant. It's located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Did you need any help booking a table?
Can I get the postcode for it?
Absolutely! The postcode for La Margherita is cb30af. Would you like me to make a reservation for you? 
Yes, please. Thank you very much.
Great! What day and time would you like the reservation for? 
I do not want to just yet, thanks. 
Okay, we'll book that for you whenever you're ready. Thank you and goodbye!
***
Can you help me find some cheap Italian food?
I have Ask at 12 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thanks for your help. Can I get their phone number and other info as well?
Sure, their phone number is 01223364917 and their post code is cb21uf.
That's, that's all I need. Good bye.
Excellent. Have a great day!
***
I want a cheap Italian restaurant in the south side of town. 
I'm sorry. I cannot find a cheap Italian restaurant in the south side of town. 
I would like to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
Prezzo is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the west part of town.  There is also Indian and British food available in that area and price range.  Would you like more info?
Yes can I get thier address and postcode?
Of course, Prezzo's address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and postcode is C.B 3, 0 A.D.
Thank you!  Goodbye!
Thank you! Goodbye!
***
I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves chinese food. What is the phone number?
there are three chinese restaurants. Would you like the phone number for all three?
What is the phone number?
golden wok is 01223350688, hakka is 01223568988 and the hotpot is 01223366552. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve chinese food. 
no, that's all I need. thank you and goodbye 
Have a nice day!
***
is there a moderate priced restaurant?
I found several.  Do you have a preference on location?  
Yes, in the east part of town.
There are three results with your preferences of east area and moderate price range.
What is the address of one of them?
451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
Excellent, thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with? 
That's it, goodbye
you are welcome goodbye
***
Hi! Can you find me a moderately priced restaurant for my girlfriend and I?
I'm sure we can. Cambridge offers 31 moderately priced restaurants. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I would prefer Italian and it has to be in the south.
I found one restaurant with those credentials, it's Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, would you like the address? 
No, could you just book a table for 3?  I'd like it for Wednesday at 12:15.
I'm sorry. That booking was not available. Would you like to find another restaurant?
What other restaurants are in the same area and price range?
There is the restaurant alimentum that serves modern european food?
That sounds good book it for 3 on wednesday at 12:15 please and I'll need the reference number too
I have made a reservation for you at the restaurant alimentum on Wednesday at 12:15 for 3 people. Your reference number is LX2XAAF4. Would you like their address?
Yes can I have the address and phone number please?
Of course. The restaurant is on 152 - 154 Hills Road and their phone number is 01223413000.
Great, that's all I needed. Have a lovely day.
Thank you and you too.
***
I am looking for a place to dine.  The restaurant should be expensive and should serve Chinese food.
Would you like the restaurant in a specific place?
Not in any specific area please. I need to book a table for 3 at 14:00 on Saturday.
Unfortunately, it looks like all the options are booked for that day/time. Would you like me to change the time or possibly the day?
how about 13:00 then?
Yes, I can book you at the yu garden for 13:00.
What is the reference number for my booking?
Your table is reserved for 15 minutes and your reference is P3VZVZGY.  Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that is all I needed!
Great.  Let us know if you need anything else!
***
I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town please.
There are quite a few choices for you.  What kind of cuisine do you enjoy?
I don't care. Choose a restaurant you recommend!
How about bedouin, an african restaurant?
Sounds great. Could you book me a table for 8 on Wednesday at 15:30?
I sure can. I have a table for 8 booked for you at the bedouin, for 15:30. They will hold that for fifteen minutes.
May I have the booking reference number?
Certainly, the reference number is 922YORFC. 
Thank you very much for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you!
You are welcome.
***
I'd like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. 
The Missing Sock serves cheap food in the East part of town.
What type of food is served at the Missing Sock, and what is the address?
the missing sock serves international food, they are located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
What is the address?
Their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
May I have the street address of the establishment.
The address for The Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would you like their phone number or postcode?
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye, and please come back to the Cambridge restaurant system if you need further assistance.
Thanks, see ya!
Bye bye.
***
I want a restaurant with corsica food please.
What is the area you would like?
West side of town.
There are no matching restaurants. Would you like me to perform another search?
How about Italian food instead and could I have the phone number if you find a restaurant
Prezzo is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the west side of town. The phone number is 01799 521260.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you  good bye 
***
I am looking for a restaurant, it's called anatolia
Anatolia is a Turkish restaurant in the centre of the city. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes I want to book a table for 5 people at 14:15 on Monday.
Ok, I have booked a table at Anatolia for 5 people on Monday at 14:15.
***
I would like to find a cheap restaurant. It should be in the North side of town.
what type of food do you want? 
No preference for food type, thank you.
Great! Da vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice are both cheap and located in the north part of town. 
Great! Da vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice are both cheap and located in the north part of town. 
Which one do you prefer? Da vinci pizzeria or Royal Spice? 
Royal Spice, give me their address please.
It's Victoria Avenue Chesterton.  Would you like the phone number?
No, thank you.  Goodbye!
Thank you and goodbye!
***
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.
Nandos is located in the south part of town, is in the cheap price range and serves Portuguese food.
Hmm... Are there any other options available for cheap in the south side?
Yes, the lucky star serves chinese food, is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location? 
phone number please
The phone number for The Lucky Star is 01223 244277. May I help you with anything else?
What is the postcode?
The postcode for The Lucky Star is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
Hello, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant located in the south part of town.
do you want particular food type?
I don't care
chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food, in the expensive price range and in the south part of town 
Are there any other options?
frankie and bennys serves italian food, in the expensive price range and it is in the south part of town, Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, please give me the phone number, address, and postcode.
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, the postcode is CB17DY, and the phone number is 01223 412430.
What is the postcode again?
The postcode for frankie and bennys is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye
Have a nice day
***
I want a restaurant in the town centre. Can you help me?
We have 69 restaurants available.  Could you specify type or price range please?
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant. I'm looking to book for just myself at 14:00 on Friday.
Okay I took the liberty of booking you into the Oak Bistro that serves traditional British food. Your reference number is BA2MQ3EB.
That sounds perfect. Thanks for your help!
Have a wonderful day!
***
Are there any Chinese restaurants on the north side of town?
There are three - Hakka, Golden Wok, and The Hotpot. Would you like more information on one of these?
Can you tell me if one of those is located in the northern part of town?
All three are located on the north side. Do you have a price range you'd prefer? The Golden Wok is moderately priced, while the others are expensive.
The Golden Wok is fine. Can I get their phone number?
The Golden Wok's phone number is 01223350688 and their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, I just needed the phone number. Thanks very much for your help.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I want a moderately priced restaurant please.
What kind of food would you like to have?
Any kind of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the north part of town. 
Golden Wok is in the north part of town, and is moderately priced.  It serves Chinese food.
Is there any other restaurant?
There is the nirala, which serves indian food in the moderate price range and the north part of town
That sounds good. What is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223 360966.
Thank you, goodbye
You are very welcome. Bye.
***
Hi, I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of cambridge please.
Certainly, there are many expensive restaurants in the town centre. What type of food do you prefer? 
I am looking to eat some mediterranean food.
I have two great choices for you. La Mimosa and the Shiraz Restaurant. Can I offer you more information on one of these two? 
Sure, can I get the postcode, phone number, and address for La Mimosa, please?
Absolutely. La Mimosa is located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. The postcode is cb58aq. Their phone number is 01223362525. Can I assist you in making a reservation?
No thank you!!  Thank you for all your help.
Is there any other information I can get for you at this time?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye.
Goodbye, have a wonderful day!
***
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves german food. 
It looks like there are no German restaurants in the city. Would you like me to check for a different type of restaurant?
Yes, how about portuguese food?
There are two restaurants in the cheap price range that serve Portuguese food. What area would you like to go to?
It doesn't matter.
nandos serves portuguese food and in the cheap price range. is there anything else I can help you with? 
I would like the address of Nandos restaurant, please.
Nandos is located in the south part of the city and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Anything else you need?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you good bye.
***
HI, I am looking for a cheap place in the centre of town to eat. Can you help?
Sure what type of food are you wanting?
Any type is fine, just something cheap and in the centre. Could you recommend one and give me the food type?
How about the Dojo Noodle Bar? They serve Asian Oriental.
That would be fine. Can I have their postcode and phone number please?
Their postcode is cb21rq, and their phone number is 01223363471	
Thank you for your help today.
You're welcome! Goodbye!
***
Hi! Do you have any Indian food on the east side?
I have four Indian places, do you have a price range in mind?
No, I do not, any place will do. I'd like to find a table for three at 12:45 on Monday.
Unfortunately there are no tables available matching that, do you have another time?
Ok, how about 11:45, also I would like to know the name of the restaurant. 
Ok I have a table for three booked at 11:45 at Curry Prince. It is in the east side of town. Your reference number is L8GT5J3I.
Okay that is wonderful. That is all I need.
Great, is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I need, thank you for your help. 
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy the rest of your day!
***
Could you tell me where Cotto is located?
I have them at 183 East Road City Centre, cb11bg.
Great! Do you know what price range they are in?
Sure, they are in the moderate price range.
Thanks, good bye.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
***
Hi, I'm looking for a place with Tuscan food in any price range.
I'm sorry, there is not a tuscan restaurant listed. Would you care to try something else? 
How about any Korean restaurants?
Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant. 
Phone number please
there phone number is 01223308681 is there anything else I can help you with?
No.  Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve japanese food and should be in the centre.
There is one restaurant called wagamama that fits your needs. 
I'd like somewhere expensive, is it?
Yes it is. 
Then that will be good. I need a reservation for 4 on Friday night please.
What time would you like to dine?
I'd like to eat at 17:30
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FFAIB546.  Can I be of any other assistance today?
That is it, thank you.
we appreciate you using our services.
***
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve vietnamese food.
There is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west area of town that is in the cheap price range called Thanh binh, should I book that for you?
Yes, I need the reservation to be for five people on Monday at 19:00.
Already booked. welcome
Thank you, can I get the reference number?
Sorry, unfortunately that time is not available. 
am asking for the reference number please
My apologies, it seems that this particular booking is unavailable. Would you like to book a different time or day?
If the booking fails how about tuesday. 
I have booked a table for 5 at 17:00 on Tuesday. They will hold the table for up to 15 minutes. The reference number is 2VNS11P1.
Okay that's all. Bye.
Thank you for calling us and have a great day. Goodbye.
***
Hi, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the town centre?
Yes there are many in my search for you,can I get what type of food you are looking to eat at the restaurant?
Italian Food , Cheap and in the East part of town
There are several cheap Italian restaurants in the centre but none in the east.
Actually a chinese restaurant in the centre would better suit our needs, what is available at a cheap price?
In the centre we have Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House that are all quite inexpensive. Would you like me to book a table at one of them?
Yes please. I need a table for 3 people at 18:00 on Thursday.
You have a table at the Rice House.  It will be held for 15 minutes and the reference number is CBKXEVPZ.  Can I help you further?
No, that will be all thanks.  Have a great day.
Thank you. I hope you have a good day as well.
***
Know any good bites around here?
I have a wide range of places I can recommend. First, why don't I ask if there is an area in the city that you prefer to dine in?
I would like to dine in the south, preferably Chinese and expensive.
We have two in that area. There is "peking restaurant" and "the good luck chinese food takeaway". Would you like to book a table at one of these options?
Can I just get the address for the Peking Restaurant?
Absolutely - the Peking Restaurant is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre, cb28nx. Can I help with anything else today?
Nope, that'll do it. I'm going to go eat! Thanks for your help!
Great.  Enjoy your meal!  Goodbye.
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indonesian food.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive restaurants that serve indonesian food. Can I help you with something else?
can i have a thai food instead? 
bangkok city is thai restaurant in the expensive price range located in the centre city. 
address and phone number, please
Sure, bangkok city is located at 24 green street city centre and its phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Sorry what type of food do they serve? 
They serve thai food. 
No, thank you! I've got all the info I needed. Goodbye.
Thank you.
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves international food. 
I'm sorry, there are no international food restaurants on the south side of town. Would you like another type of food?
How about Chinese food?
There are the Peking Restaurant, which is expensive, the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, which is also expensive, and the Lucky Star, which is cheap.
Can I have the address of Lucky Star?
Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton 01223 244277
Thank you!
Thank you. Good bye 
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves kosher food.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants in the center of town that offer kosher food. Would you like me to check another area?
Are there any kosher restaurants in the city at all?
I'm sorry. There are none.
Alright. Can you find me an indian food restaurant instead? 
Sure, there are 22 Indian places in the city. Do you have a price range you're looking for?
Something expensive please. 
How about the Curry Garden in the city center?
Sounds perfect.  Can you book a table for 3 at 19:15 on Thursday?
I'm sorry I was unable to do so. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes. Just make sure it is something in the expensive range.
I was able to book you into the Curry Garden, an expensive Indian restaurant in the city center and your reference number is DHF9VBTS.
Okay great. That is all I need. Thank you.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
Can you help me find a place to have dinner?
Sure! What type of food are you looking for and in what area of town?
I'd like some good asian oriental food.  Near the centre of town would be great.
I found the yippee noodle bar it is in the moderate price range, their phone number is 01223518111. Do you want me to book a table for you?
Actually, do you have anything that is expensive. It's a business meeting so I'd like to impress them.
There is kymmoy that meets your requirements would you like me to book a table?
Yes can you book it for Tuesday at 12:00 for 4 people?
Okay I have booked that for you. Your reference number is 9A4YK0UB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is everything that I need.  Thank you so much for your assistance and have a wonderful day.
You're very welcome. Enjoy your dinner!
***
Can you find me an expensive place serves panasian food? 
i haven't found any expensive panasain restaurants. should i try another price range?
Are there restaurants that serve Mediterranean food?
I have a couple. Both are in the centre. la mimosa, shiraz restaurant	
I am interested in La Mimosa. Please book a table for 7 at 15:15 on Wednesday. Thanks for your help!
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ER5DFE50. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thank you so much. Good-bye.
Have a great day!
***
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Lebanese food.
I'm sorry, but I cannot find any expensive Lebanese restaurants.
Can I get the address, phone number, and area of an Italian restaurant?
How about Caffe Uno, they are in the centre area. Their address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 448620.
Perfect, thank you!
Thank you. Good bye 
***
What's available in the centre, in the way of cheap places to eat?
I'm showing 15 cheap restaurants in the area. Do you a preference for a type of food?
No preference. Would you recommend a restaurant for me?
How about the Dojo Noodle Bar? It serves Asian Oriental food.
I think that sounds good. Can you go ahead and book that for me? I need it for 1 person on Wednesday at 14:00. Can I also get that reference number?
There is the dojo noodle bar in the centre. Would you like me to book a reservation there.
Great yes please do, can I get the reference number for that?
I'm sorry, I wasn't able to get a table. Would you like me to try J Restaurant, with similar cuisine? Or maybe somewhere else?
Yes try to book it there and give me the reference number also.
I was able to book you at J Restaurant.  The reference number is 1PWMNUIK.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you for your help.  That will be all I need for now. Bye.
You are very welcome.  Enjoy your day and your meal on Wednesday.  Bye.
***
I want to find a seafood restaurant in the centre
I've found one seafood restaurant in the centre. Would you like to know more about it?
No that's fine. Just book me a table for 2 people at 13:00 on Saturday.
The restaurant is Loch Fyne. They do not have any availability at that time. Would you like me to try a different time?
Let's try a different restaurant in the same area and price range please.
There are 5 expensive restaurants in the centre. One serves African, one serves Asian, and three serve British. Which would you prefer?
The African restaurant sounds great. Can you make a reservation for 2 at 13:00 this Saturday?
I have your reservation made for Bedouin on Saturday for 2 people at 13:00
May I have the reference number for that reservation
The reference number is CH13IBY4. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much. That is all I need.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
Is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town? 
I have found two. They are Da Vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?
The address for Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton and its phone number is 01223 351707.  Do you need anymore information?
No that will do thanks.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
I need to find an Italian place to eat.  Hopefully with moderate prices.
I have 5 restaurants that would fit that, is there a particular area you want to dine in?
No, just pick me one you think would be good to go to and please provide me with an address to that location.
How about Prezzo? It's located at 21 - 24 Northampton Road. 
Thanks so much for the info. I will pay them a visit. Have a nice day. 
You have a nice day also.  Good bye.
***
I need a vegetarian restaurant
What area would you like?
East part of town. 
I'm sorry, there are no vegetarian restaurants in the east part of town.
Is there an indian restaurant in the east part of town? 
Yes, there are four Indian restaurants in the east part of town. What price range would you like?
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town serving corsica food. 
There are no such restaurants. Would you like to make another query?
No Thank You
We have a couple of Italian restaurants in the west.  Would you like information on those?
Thank you good bye.
Thank you. Good bye.
***
A moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town, please
There are three, moderately priced restaurants in the east part of town. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I don't care. 
I recommend Rajmahal. They serve great Indian food. Would you like their contact information?
yes. I would like their address and phone number please. 
Rajmahal is located at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223 244955. Will that be all?
Yes. Thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the sytem.
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves mexican food
There are no restaurants moderately priced that serves mexican food.
How about international food?
Bloomsbury Restaurant is a moderately priced restaurant that serves international food in the centre part of town. 
What is their address and postcode?
there address is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and the post code is CB23DT is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Okay thank you 
Thank you goodbye. 
Good bye. Thank you for using the system.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food in the centre. 
I'm sorry, there are no Moroccan restaurants located in the Centre. Can I help you find something else?
Is there an International restaurant in the city centre?
There are two international restaurants in the centre area, the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant, both moderately priced.  would you like me to book you for either one?
Could you check if either has booking for 7 people at 13:00 on thursday?
You are booked into the bloomsbury restaurant. Your reference number AZ9LL6MU. Do you need help with anything else?
No.  I think that will be all.  Thank you for your help.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy your meal.
***
I am looking for indian food in the north part of town.
There are two restaurants serving Indian food in the North part of town. What price range do you want?
I don't care. However, I would like to know their price range as well as their address and phone number.
Royal Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant located at Victoria Avenue Chesterton. Their number is 01733 553355. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you. Good bye 
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a nice Italian restaurant. Nothing too expensive...like mid range?
I have listing for 5 different ones,can I get what area you are looking for?
I don't care about the area. Could you book a table for 5 at 12:30 on Sunday?
Okay, I have booked you at Pizza Express with reference number NK86VOJY. May I help with anything else?
Nope, I think that will do it. Thank you so much!
You are welcome. Have a good day.
***
I am looking for a place serving Indian food in the moderate price range
I've head the Curry Prince is fantastic..  What area are you looking for?
The area does not matter. The Curry Prince sounds good. Please book a table for 7 people at 19:30 on Tuesday. 
Ok I have a table booked for 7 at 19:30 on Tuesday. Your reference number is RPWOWDOO.
Okay thank you. That will be all.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north. May I suggest The Nirala, which is Indian? 
What is the phone number and food of one of them?
The Nirala serves Indian food, it is in the moderate price range, and it is on the north part of town. The phone number is 01223 360966.
Thank you, goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye!
***
I would like a restaurant in the west part of town that serves international food
Sorry but there is not matching restaurants serving international food in the west .
Is there any restaurant in the east that serves international food? 
Yes, the missing sock serves international food and is located in the east part of town. 
can i have the phone number please
there phone number is 01223812660 is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.
Goodbye. 
***
I'd like to find some expensive Mexican cuisine.
chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive restaurant in the south. Would you like me to book it?
Sure that would be great.
Okay, is there a particular day and time that would work for you?
Yes I would like it made for Wednesday for 7 people at 18:30 please.
Booked! Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Reference number is C3HMWGUS.
That's great. Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's it for now. Thanks.
Enjoy your dinner. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
***
I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves british food.
There are no British restaurants in the north part of town. Shall I search for something else?
Yes. I'd like the address, phone number, and price range of the best Indian restaurant there is.
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant located in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like their address?
Of course!
Their address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, postal code C.B 4, 1 E.H. What else can I do for you?
That's it. Thank you.
Thank yo and good bye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that serves Portuguese food.
Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant in the south part of town.
What is the phone number and address?
Their phone number is 01223 327908 and address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Will that be all?
Bye.
Goodbye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a Malaysian restaurant on the north side of town.
I'm sorry. I don't show any results for Malaysian restaurants on the north side of town. Would you like me to search any other areas?
No, how about a French restaurant instead?
How about restaurant two two at 22 chesterton road Chesterton
Phone number, please.
Their phone number is 01223 351880.
Thanks, goodbye!
You're quite welcome.  Good bye.
***
I'm looking for a place to eat.  I would like it to be an expensive restaurant in the centre.
I found 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. What type of cuisine would you like?
I'm looking for a restaurant with mediterranean food.
I have found two restaurants. One is La mimosa, and the other is Shiraz restaurant, would you like me to book one for you?
Please book the  One is La mimosa
Can I please get the number of people dining,day,and time please.
Yes, it's for 8 people. 16:45 on Monday. I would like the reference number, if it is available.
That wasn't available.  Shall I try the Shiraz Restaurant?
Yes please try the Shiraz Restaurant.
You've got a table for Monday at Shiraz Restaurant.  Your reference number is NS7MCM5B.  Can I help with anything else today?
That will be all. Thank you very much.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Polish food.
There are no cheap restaurants that serve Polish food. 
how about a portuguese one?
So you would like recommendations for a cheap restaurant that serves Portuguese food? 
Yes, please.
There are two restaurants that serve Portuguese food and in the cheap price range. Would you like the center or south area?
***
I want to have some afghan food.
Sorry, no matches found
Is there any Chinese restaurants in the area?
There are many Chinese restaurants. What price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range
Would you  like something in the north or centre of town? 
I don't care
Jinling Noodle Bar is a nice place that fits your requirement
Please give me their number, too.
Jinling Noodle Bar's number is 01223 566188.  Would you like the address?
what type of food do they serve ?
Jinling Noodle Bar is a nice chinese restaurant .
No thank you, goodbye. 
Okay, goodbye.
***
I am looking for Irish food that is cheap. I will need their phone number too.
There are no Irish restaurants in the cheap price range. Would you like something else?
How about Vietnamese food?
The only restaurant meeting your criteria is Thanh Binh in the west. Their phone number is 01223 362456.
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
I have found several. Would you like British, Indian, gastropub, or Chinese?
Is there anything else?
There are no other types of expensive restaurants in the east, would you like to try another area?
No, that's okay. What Chinese restaurants are there on the east side?
yu garden is on the east side, would you like the phone number?
Is there another chinese restaurant in the east? 
Yu Garden is the only Chinese restaurant on the east side of town in the expensive price range.
What is the phone number for Yu Garden?
The phone number for Yu Garden is 01223 248882. May I help you with anything else?
No, I think that's it. Thank you for your help.
You are very welcome.  Goodbye.
***
A moderately priced restaurant in the south, please.
There are two restaurants in the south area, Pizza Hut cherry hinton and Restaurant Alimentum which serves modern European. Would you like more information?
I would like the address and phone number for one of those restaurants please.
Pizza hut cherry hinton is at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and its number is 01223 323737.
What is the postcode?
The postcode for pizza hut cherry hinton is C.B.1 7 D.Y
Thank you, that'll be all!
Thank you and good bye.
***
looking for barbeque food.
There is not a barbeque restaurant listed.  May I have you find a different restaurant? 
How about gastropub?
There are four gastropub restaurants. I recommend the cow pizza kitchen and bar which is in the center and moderately priced.
What is the address and phone number?
Their address is Corn Exchange Street and their phone number is 01223 308871.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
Yes I needed information about a particular restaurant.
I can help with that. What is the name of the restaurant?
Pizza hut cherry hinton. Can you provide me with the area they are located in?
Yes, they are in the south area. 
That is all I need, thank you and good bye. 
Your welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge Township Centre. Have a great day!
***
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves indian food.
Hello, I have a bunch of options for you. Do you have a specific area or price range you are interested in?
I am looking for an Indian restaurant in the west.
What price range are you interested in?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range 
Maharajah tandoori restaurant on 41518 Castle Street City Centre is a good fit for you.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant serving chinese food. 
What area of town are you looking at?
I don't care. 
We have four restaurant in the cheap price serving chinese food, can I help you with anything else?
Yes please. I want the address and phone number of anyone of them. 
charlie chan is located at regent street city centre and its phone number is 01223 361763. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome!  Goodbye!
***
I am looking for a cheap priced restaurant in the west part of town.
La Margherita is an Italian restaurant located in the west part of town in the cheap price range.  
May I have the address and phone number?
The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 315232.
Thank you and goodbye!
Goodbye
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is in the cheap price range.
I have two restaurants that meet your requirements.  Do you have a cuisine preference? 
I would like Italian food.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants matching your request.  Would you like to try something else? 
I don't care. 
Nandos is cheap restaurant in the south part of town serving Portuguese food. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, also I will need their address.
Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Would you also like the phone number?
Yes, please give me their number.
The phone number for Nandos is 01223 327908. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, thanks.  I'll head to Nandos now.  Goodbye.
Have a nice day! 
***
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve british food.
How about graffiti? I've heard great things.
That sounds interesting. What area is the restaurant in?
It is in the west area.
Thanks. What is the postcode, address, and area?
Graffiti is in the west area, address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, postcode cb30lx. Do you want reservations?
No thanks. I just needed some info on it. That's all now. 
Great, glad I could help. If you think of anything else you need or you would like to book a table I'd be glad to help with that, too. Bye!
***
I am looking for an international restaurant in the east part of town.
I have found one called The Missing Sock. Would you like the information for it?
Yes, please. What is its phone number and price range?
The phone number is 01223 812660 and it is a cheap restaurant. 
Thank you good bye. 
thank you. goodbye. 
***
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in city centre.
How does Charlie Chan's sound?
Is that in the expensive price range?
No, Charlin Chan is a cheap place. The Ugly Duckling is an expensive Chinese restaurant though, is that what you would like?
Could I have their phone number and address?
I'm sorry, the Ugly Duckling does not have any phone number listed but is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
Do you have any other options for expensive Chinese, and can you make sure that have a number and address listed as well.
Sure, the Tang Chinese is also an expensive Chinese restaurant in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223357187. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I'd like their address please.
They are located at Napier Street City Centre	
Okay, thanks. That's all I need.
Thank you. Have a nice day, goodbye.
***
What fancy restaurants are there on the east side of town?
Not sure about fancy, but if you are looking for expensive we have grafton hotel restaurant, yu garden, royal standard, pipasha restaurant, and sitar tandoori. 
Do any of them serve Chinese food? That's what I'm in the mood for.
Yes! Yu Garden is a wonderful Chinese restaurant that will meet your needs. Would you like a table there, or perhaps just the address?
Yes, the address, postcode and phone number would help. 
Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The post code is cb58pa and the phone number is 01223248882. 
Thank you very much for your help! 
You're welcome, is there anything else I can do for you? 
No, that's all I need. Thanks.
You are welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye! 
***
I want to find a restaurant in the east part of town. It serves chinese food. What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant in the east part of town. Their address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, phone number 01223 248882 and postcode C.B 5, 8 P.A.
Thank you goodbye. 
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
Hi! I'm searching for a Panasian restaurant in the south part of town.
There are no restaurants matching your request.  Would you like to find another restaurant? 
Are there any Indian restaurants in the south part of town?
taj tandoori is an indian one in the south part of town.
What is the phone number of Taj Tandoori?
The phone number is 01223 412299.
Thank you.  Goodbye. 
Thank you. Goodbye. 
***
I am looking for restaurants in the north part of town
Which price range are you looking in?
I'd like a cheap restaurant. What types of food are available with those parameters?
Italian and Indian food can be found for cheap in the north part of town.  Would you like more information?
Can you give me the name and phone number of a cheap Indian restaurant in the north?
Royal Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant in the north. It's phone number is 017-335-3355
How much is the average dish? 
I am sorry sir, this information is not available to us. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Have a good evening. 
***
I'm looking for a restaurant called graffiti.
Graffiti is an expensive British restaurant in the west.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes book for 7 people on tuesday for 15:30 please.
I'm sorry, that booking was unsuccessful. Shall I try for another day or time?
That's too bad.  Please book any other restaurant that is in the west and expensive.
Okay, I've booked you at Travellers Rest, which also serves british food. Your reference number is FOEJZBZI. Anything else I can help with?
That is all, thanks. 
Have a good day
Thank you, you, too.
Thank you and enjoy your meal.
***
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the city centre.
I show up to fifteen possibilities. Will you tell me your food preference? This will limit our search slightly.
I like Greek food.
I see several cheap restaurants in the area, one is mediterranean.   It is called the Gardenia.
Just book a table for 1 please on wednesday at 17:15. 
Okay I have booked a table for 1 on Wednesday at 1715 at Gardenia.
***
Can you find an expensive restaurant that serves venetian food?
Sorry, looks like there aren't any venetian restaurants that are expensive. Would you like something else?
Yes, I would be interested in one that serves chinese food. Where would you recommend?
The "yu garden" is a nice place
***
I want to eat at an expensive gastropub restaurant
There are two gastropub's in the centre of town in the expensive price range, would you like me to book one?
Yeah, I need a reservation for 4 people on saturday at 12:30 please
Would you like me to book your reservation in the centre of town or east?
The center of town would be best.
Your reservations are complete at the Backstreet Bistro. Your reference number is 7H01DZW5.
Thank you so much. I don't think I need anything further.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy your meal. Feel free to call us again if you need anything else. Goodbye.
***
Hi, I'm looking for cheap places to eat in the city centre?
Yes I have several Chinese and Asian restaurants. Do any of these interest you?
Yes. I would like to book a reservation for 3 at 16:45 on Saturday.
OK, I was able to get you a table at Dojo Noodle Bar. The reference number is T5AAEPL9 and they'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Is that good?
Yes thank you.
Will you be needing anything else today?
No thank you.
Glad that I could help.  Enjoy your visit.  Don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything else.  Goodbye.
***
Could you recommend an expensive restaurant that serves Mediterranean food?
Sure thing! Where are you located?
I don't care what part of town the restaurant is in.
How about shiraz restaurant?
What is their phone number and post code?
Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 D.P and their phone number is 01223307581.
Thank you, goodbye. 
enjoy your meal .
***
Looking for a restaurant in the east side that serves basque food.
I did not find any restaurants with that criteria. Do you want to change the area?
Will you look for indian food in the east?
How about Curry prince? It is indian food.
Perfect! I would like a table for 2 at 16:00 on Tuesday
I was unable to complete your booking. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
Would 15:00 on the same day work?
The booking was successful for Tuesday at 15:00 for a party of 2. Your reference number is H2VOXSP6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
thanks!
You are welcome!
***
I am looking for the address and phone number of an expensive restaurant serving Thai food.
there are two Thai locations. Would you prefer a restaurant in the centre or west part of town?
I don't care. 
Sala Thong is an expensive Thai restaurant in the west. Would you like their information? 
Yes, please. May I have their address and phone number?
Sala Thong is located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham and their phone number is 01223 323178. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all, thank you, goodbye.
You are welcome Good Bye
***
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
There are two choices in the south part of town with moderate price. One is Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, which is Italian food. and the other is restaurant alimentum, which is modern european food.
What is the address and phone number of Alimentum?
restaurant Alimentum is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road and the phone number is 01223 413000.
Thank you very much good bye
You're very welcome.  Good bye.
***
I don't care about price range, find me an european food restaurant, please.
Cambridge lodge restaurant is a restaurant that serves european food. Would you like more information?
What ids the address and phone number?
Thier phone number is 01223 355166 and address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre
Great!  Thank you very much.
Thank you bye
Good bye 
Good day!
Good bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
I need a cheap restaurant please.
Sure, I can help you with that. Do you prefer a specific area in town? Or maybe you'd like a certain kind of food?
Yes, portuguese food would be nice. 
Nandos has restaurants in the south and the centre of town.  Would you like to book either of those?
Yes I would like to book Nandos in the south for 1 person at 15:30 on Monday.
I'm sorry, there are no tables available for Monday at 15:30. Would you like to try for a different day or time?
Can you see if they have an opening at 14:30 instead?
I made you a reservation at Nando's south, at 14:30 on Monday. The reference number is HB047XSI. They'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.
***
I am going to be on the north side of town and would like a recommendation to a high end restaurant for dinner.
I have several high end options available. Did you have a preference on the type of cuisine?
No, I don't have a preference.
Then may I recommend Restaurant Two Two. It is French and tre manufique! Would you like to make reservations?
Have you eaten there?
Yes. Would you like to book a table?
Sure, can you please book a table for four in the evening
I would be happy to make you a reservation, first I will need to know what day and time you'd like to reserve for. 
For 4 people at 13:45 on Saturday. I'd also like the booking reference number, please.
Ok. I have booked your reservation. The reference number is RBBHGYRV.
Great, thanks a lot!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that's all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal!
***
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the moderate price range and in the west part of town.
Do you have a particular food type in mind today?
any type of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the west part of town. 
Meghna is an Indian restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Great, can I please have their address and postcode?
Meghna is at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, and the postal code is  C.B 4, 3 L.F.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you good bye.
thank you good bye.
***
I want a jamaican food restaurant in the centre part of town.
There are no jamaican restaurants in the center part of town. Do you have another cuisine or area preference?
Are there any International restaurants in the centre? 
There are two international restaurants in the centre area, both moderately priced.  Would you like their addresses?
I don't care. 
May I recommend Bloomsbury Restaurant which is an International restaurant in the centre and is moderately priced?
What is the phone number and price range?
Bloomsbury Restaurant is moderately priced, and you can reach them at 0871 942 9180.
Thank you. That sounds good.
Thank you for using our system. Would you like anything else? 
Thank you goodbye.
Good bye.
***
I'm going on a date and need an expensive restaurant on the north side of town.
There are 5 restaurants that meet your criteria. Can I interest you in Asia, Chinese, European, or French cuisine? 
No, I really prefer Indian if possible.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive Indian restaurants on the north side.
Aww, that's too bad. Hmm, can you see if there is an expensive Asian Oriental restaurant on the north side?
There is Saigon City.  Would you like me to book a table for 2?
That sounds good. I want to book a table for 5 people on Saturday at 17:45.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : HNO7WYMG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all I needed, thank you so much, goodbye!
Have a great time.  Good bye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves Russian food.
There are no Russian restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like something else?
yes please, is there any restaurant serve british food? 
There is one moderately priced British restaurant and one expensive restaurant. Do you have a preference?
No. What is the address and phone number?
fitzbillies restaurant's phone number is 01223 352500. Their address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre
thank you, good bye 
Thank you good bye 
***
I'm looking for a restaurant on the north side of town that serves tuscan food.
I'm sorry there are no locations serving Tuscan food on the north side town.
How about chinese type of food?
yes, there are 3 chinese restaurants in the north. what price range would you prefer? 
Price doesn't matter. Suggest one please.
Golden wok serves chinese food and is located in the north part of town.
Thank you, goodbye!
thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
***
Hi, I am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town. 
I've found a lot of restaurants in the centre. Is there a specific type of food you're looking for?
It should serve portuguese food in the cheap price range.
Nandos City Centre is your place. Would you like to book?
Yes, I need a table for two on Wednesday.
What time on Wednesday would you like?
Book it for 15:30 please.
That time is not available.Would you like a different time ?
***
I want english food.
Please tell me the price range you would like today.
I don't care.
I'm sorry. There are no restaurants serving English food near your area.
How about Italian food then. Please give me phone number and postcode please.
Ask serves Italian food, is in the center of town and in the cheap price range. Their phone number is 01223 364917 and their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F.
thank you good bye
Thank you and good bye 
***
Can you help me find somewhere to eat in the centre?
Sure! Are you looking for any particular type of food such as African, British, Chinese, etc?
No type of food but I'd like it to be in the moderate range please
Great, I have Yippee Noodle Bar that meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. There are five of us for Monday at 19:45, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : SOPGGCUP.
thank you for your help
You are more than welcome!

Great TownInfo service. Goodbye. 
You're more than welcome. Have a great day.
***
Hey, I'm trying to find a restaurant called Taj Tandoori. What do you know about that?
I show the Taj Tandoori located in the south. They serve Indian style cuisine and are in the expensive price range. May I book a table for you?
Yes please. I would like a reservation for 4 people at 15:00 on tuesday.
I'm sorry but there wasn't a table available at that time. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes, please.  If you could find one similar to Taj Tandoori, that would be perfect. 
I'm sorry Taj Tandoori is the only Indian Cuisine available in the south, would you like to try a different cuisine?
Sure, but let's try to keep it in the same area and price range please.
I booked a table for you at peking restaurant. Reference number is XPE4EOGJ. Anything else today?
Okay that is all I need at the moment.
Okay. Enjoy your dining experience.
***
Hello, please find me a place to dine in the north area that serves polish food.
There are no restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like me to look for Polish food in another area?
Yes please. I would just need it to be in the cheap price range.
I do not have any polish restaurants in the cheap price range. Would you like a different restaurant or cuisine? 
Yes, let's try italian food.
Great.  Da vinci pizzeria is a cheap italian restaurant in the north.  Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Book a table for 1 person at 16:00 on Saturday.
I'm sorry the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another cuisine or different area?
I'd like a restaurant in the same area and price range. It doesn't matter what cuisine.
Booking was successful at royal spice. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KEJQJLSS.
Thank you, that was all I needed. 
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
I'm looking for an inexpensive restaurant in the west section of Cambridge.
I have an Italian place and a Vietnamese, which would you prefer?
I would actually prefer some cheap Lebanese food if possible? 
I am sorry I have no results for restaurants serving lebanese food in the west.  Would you like to find another type of cuisine?
Ok, maybe we can try the Vietnamese one you mentioned. 
Okay would you like me to make a reservation?
Um, I think I'll just take the postcode and the name for now thanks.
The Vietnamese restaurant is called Thanh Binh and is located in the CB30AF postcode. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that is all I needed. Thank you so much!
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
***
I need the phone number to a restaurant located in the north part of town that is moderately priced, thank you
Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese food restaurant in the north part of town. Their number is 01223 350688.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye. 
good day!
***
I'm looking for a cheap place to dine. I want it to be on the west side of town.
There are two cheap restaurants on the west side, one Italian and one Vietnamese. Do you have a preference? 
Shucks. No Polish?
No, sorry we have no cheap Polish restaurants in the west of town, would you like me to look in a different area or price range? 
I suppose Italian might suffice. Do you have any listings for cheap Italian restaurants on the west side?
I do have la margherita that meets your requests. Would you like me to book a table for you?
no, but could you please give me the address and the phone number?
Certainly. La Margherita is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223315232. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help!
Awesome. Have a good rest of your day!
***
I am looking for a restaurant serving Spanish food.
There are two restaurants serving Spanish food in the cheap and moderate price range. Which price range would you prefer?
I am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves Lebanese food.
Ali Baba serves Lebanese food. Would you like the location information?
Yes please, I would like the address and phone number.
The phone number for ali baba is 01462 432565 and their address is 59 Hills Road City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?   
Thank you.  No, that's all I need.  Goodbye!
Thanks for using Cambridge Restaurant System, goodbye. 
***
Where can I get Swiss food in town?
There are no venues serving Swiss food.
How about Indian food? Can I have the address and phone number?
cocum serves indian food. its address is 71 castle street city centre and the phone number is 01223 366668, is there anything else I can help you with? 
No.  Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Can you give me information on a restaurant called graffiti?
Graffiti is a British restaurant on Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Would you like more information or a reservation?
I would like to book a table for 2 for Wednesday, please.
I can absolutely do that for you, what time would you like me to make that reservation for?
At 14:00 please.
I am sorry they do not have a table at that time, perhaps another restaurant?
Are there any other restaurants in that area in the same price range?
I booked Travellers Rest for you.  It is also an expensive British restaurant.  Reference number 1JYRFRT0.  Will that be all for today?
If Travellers Rest is in the same area as Grafitti then that will be all. Thank you for your help!
Enjoy the rest fo your day
***
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves greek food
I am sorry there no restaurants matching what you want. Is there anything else?
How about Chinese food?
Would you like something in the expensive or cheap price range? 
Cheap, I think.
the lucky star serves chinese food, is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like more information for them? 
What is the address? 
Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Good bye.
***
Hi, Have you heard of the J Restaurant?  I'd like some information about it.
It's a cheap Asian Oriental restaurant located in the centre area of town. Would you like to book a table?
No thanks. That's all I needed to know.
Sure. Is there anything else I can do for you before we go?
No, that should do it. Later.
Have a wonderful day!
***
I would like to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. 
The Missing Sock serves International cuisine at a cheap price.  They are in the east part of town at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
What is the phone number and postcode? 
The missing sock's phone number is 01223 812660 and the post code is C B 25, 9 A Q. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank You
Thank you for using our system. Is that all you need today?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
Thank  you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye. 
***
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called restaurant alimentum
							
restaurant alimentum offers modern european found south has moderate price range	01223413000	cb28pb	152 - 154 Hills Road
Thanks a lot. That's all the information I'm looking for. Goodbye.
Goodbye and have a nice day.
***
Can you help me find a restaurant in the south that doesn't cost a lot of money. In fact, I need one that's quite inexpensive.
nandos is a nice place, it serves Portuguese food and it is in the cheap price range and the south part of town, is there anything else? 
yes what is there address
Nandos's address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you good bye. 
Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. 
There are two restaurants that fit your criteria, would you prefer italian or indian food?
Let's try indian, please
royal spice serves indian food in the cheap price range and in the north part of town. is there anything else i can help you with?
What is the name of the Italian restaurant?
da vinci pizzeria
What is the address and phone number?
The address for Da Vinci Pizzeria is 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
Thanks so much!
Thank you. Good bye 
***
I am looking for a place to eat in the moderate price range serving Indian food.
There are 4 places serving indian food in the moderate price range. Do you have a preferred area to dine at?
The west.
I have narrowed it down to Meghna which serves Indian Food. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes. could you please make a reservation for Saturday for 7 people at 15:00?
Sorry, that time slot doesn't work for what you would like. Would you like to change the day or time?
How about 14:00 then?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : NR6VPA82.
Excellent, that's all I need. Thank you!
Thank you so much have a great day!
Could you repeat the reference number please.
Reference number is : NR6VPA82.
Thanks again for all your help.
You are very welcome. Feel free to call again in the future. Have a great morning. 
***
I would like a moderately priced Indian food please.
I have 4 different indian restaurants all over the city. Is there a certain area you prefer?
How about the west? I will need a table for 4 on Friday at 13:15.
The only moderate Indian restaurant in that area is Meghna, and they are not available for that time. Can I try something else? 
Is there anything available for 12:15 on Friday? 
Yes, that worked. You are set for 12:15 and the reference number is ABC08P2A.  Can I be of further assistance?
I will need a taxi to take me there.
Can you please tell me where you will be leaving from so I can book your taxi?
Nevermind, I'm sorry. I think I'm all set.
Alrighty. Have a good day!
***
Hello.  I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Swiss food.  Can you recommend anything to me?
Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve Swiss food in this area. Would you consider trying a different cuisine?
Oh okay. What are my choices for British food then?
There are several restaurants that serve British food in this area. Cotto has great food in a moderate price range. It is located at 183 East Road City Centre.
What is the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 302010.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Good bye 
***
I want British food that is moderately priced.
There are several restaurants serving british food.  Would you prefer the centre or west part of town? 
How about the West part of town.
Saint Johns Chop House matches your request.  It is located at 21-24 Northampton Street c.b 3, 0 A.D, the phone number is 01223 353110. 
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves bistro type food. 
I apologize but I was not able to find a moderately priced bistro.  Would you be interested in a different type of restaurant?
How about one that serves british food then?
I have found a few British restaurants in  your price range. Do you want a specific part of town?
No, could you recommend me a place? I'm looking for to book a table for 2 on Thursday at 11:30. 
Okay, I've booked you at the Oak Bistro with reference number ANAMHNOW. May I help with anything else?
No thank you. It's perfect. Thank you for your help.
Have a great day
***
I'd like to find a place that I can get some Northern European food.
Unfortunately, I was unable to find a restaurant that serves northern European food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, what about a restaurant that serves modern european food?
i have several, can you be mores specific on price and area please?
I am looking for the moderate price range, the area doesn't matter.
How about de luca cucina and bar?
Does that serve modern european food?
The de luca cucina and bar serves modern european food. 
What's the post code and phone number of de luca cucina?
The post code is cb21aw and the phone number is 01223356666. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all. Thanks for you help.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant named Panahar.
Ok. Would you like me to make a reservation at panahar?
Yes, for five people.
Ok for what day and time please?
That information is at 13:45 on sunday.
The booking was unsuccessful.  Is there another time you would like me to look for?
Is there another restaurant in the area for us at this time within the same price range?
There are 33 restaurants that satisfy your preferences. Are you keen on eating a particular cuisine?
I don't have any preferences. Pick one you like.
I booked you a table in kymmoy. They serve asian oriental cuisine. Your reference number is W8M1HZ59.
Thank you! Have a nice day!
You are welcome. Enjoy your evening!
***
Hi! Are there any restaurants in town that serve Scottish food?
No there is not. Is there something else you would like to try?
If there are no Scottish places in the west, what about expensive places to eat?
There are quite a few places that are expensive. What type of cuisine would you like?
What about Indian restaurants? Are there any expensive ones in the west?
There are a couple of indian resturants in the west, may I recommend Tandoori Palace?
Could you give me their address?
Sure. 68 Histon Road Chesterton. Would you like for me to make reservations?
Thank you, That is all I will need today.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Thanks, again for your help. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling today. Goodbye.
***
I want a moderate priced restaurant in the west part of town.
There are three moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town.  What type of food would you like?
I don't care. can i also have the postcode and phone number ?
meghna is in the west part of town and serving indian food, the phone number is 01223727410 and postcode is CB43LF.  Is there anything I can help you with?
No that is all. Thank you, goodbye.
Have a good evening. 
***
Cheap restaurant in the north. address and phone number, please.
There are two restaurants in the cheap category in that area. Would you prefer Italian or Indian?
I would prefer Italian.
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 milton road chesterton and they can be reached at 01223 351707
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye.
***
I need help finding a very cheap restaurant located in the centre, can you help me?
What type of food are you looking to eat?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area in the cheap range. I would like a table for 7 people at 12:30 on Wednesday.
There are 15 such restaurants. I'd suggest the Dojo Noodle Bar which serves Asian Oriental food. Would that work for you?
Yes, the Dojo Noodle Bar sounds perfect. 
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another restaurant?
Sure, find me something else.
I was able to book a table for you at Charlie Chan Chinese restaurant on Regent Street.  Reference number Z3FWSA48.  Will that be all?
Yes thank you for your help.
Yes. Thank you very much!
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre in the cheap price range 
We have 15 restaurants that fit that price range. Is there a specific type of food that you are looking for so I can narrow it down a bit more?
How about an Indian or Thai place?
There are no Thai restaurants. There are three Indian restaurants called Kohinoor, the Gandhi, and mahal of Cambridge. Which one do you prefer?
Are there any spanish food restaurants?
Yes, there is one called La Raza that fits your requests. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Are there any that serve Catalan cuisine specifically?
I'm afraid we don't have any Catalan restaurants. 
Then go ahead and book La Raza for me. We have 4 people at 17:00 on Monday.
That restaurant is not available at that time. Do you want me to try another time?
Can you look for a restaurant in the same area and price range?
I got you booked at the Kohinoor, your reference number is: 7Q9M2VYF. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay great! Thank you so much.
Enjoy the rest of your day
***
Are there any casual restaurants in the south?
Yes. Would you like an expensive, cheap or moderately priced restaurant?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range.
I found 2 moderately priced restaurants in the south. One serves Italian and the other Modern European food. Would you like me to book at one of these?
Modern European sounds wonderful.  Yes, please book a table for 1 at 14:45 on Friday.
That wasn't available.  I did book you in the other one though.  The Pizza Hut in Cherry Hinton is located on Clifton Way.  Reference number P2O7ES3D.  Will that be acceptable?
Yes, that would be fine.  Thank you for your help today.  Bye.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
I want to find a restaurant in any area and servings persian food.
Sorry, there are no restaurants serving Persian food available.  May I help you find a different sort of food?
vietnamese, please. Give me their address and phone number as well.
Yes, the restaurant name is Thanh Binh, the phone number is 01223 362456. The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre
***
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the east part of town serving international food. 
The Missing Sock is in the east part of town and it serves International food. 
May I have their phone number, please? 
The phone number for The Missing Sock is 01223 812660.
Okay, thank you 
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you for using our system and please return with any other inquiries.
You're welcome. Good bye.
Goodbye!
Have a nice day.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves British food and in the east part of town.
grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the east area.
What is the address, phone number, and price range of the grafton hotel restaurant?
grafton hotel restaurant's address is 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton their phone number is 01223 241387 and it is listed in the expensive price range
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system!  Have a great day!
***
Hi there. I'm hoping you can help me. I am looking to try molecular gastronomy food. Might there be a restaurant like this in the centre of town?
Sorry but there aren't any molecular gastronomy restaurants in any part of town. Would you like to try something else?
Yes how about gastropubs or international in the moderate price range.
We have the cow pizza kitchen and bar located in the center of town in the moderate price range. Should book you in?
Is that a gastropub?
Yes indeed. I can make a reservation if you'd like. 
What is their address? 
They're located on Corn Exchange Street, cb23qf. Can I help with anything else today?
That's all I needed today. Thank you!
Thank you! Goodbye.
***
Heya, can you find me an expensive restaurant with north african food?
I actually cannot find any expensive restaurants with north african food. There is however an expensive restaurant with african food. Would that be okay?
Are there any expensive restaurants with gastropub food?
Yes, I have 3. Two are located in the centre and one is located in the east. Do you have a preference?
Yes, the one in the east please.
One in the East is called Royal Standard. Can I book a table for you?
Yes, please book it for 2 people at 13:45 on monday.
I'm sorry that isn't available.  Can I try a different restaurant for you?
No thank you that will be all.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That was all thank you.
Thank you. Good bye
***
I am looking to find a restaurant that serves swedish food and expensive.
I am sorry there are no restaurants that serve Swedish food in the expensive range.  Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
How about Indian or Italian then?
stazione restaurant and coffee bar is a nice place.Do you want the address ?
***
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
Okay, we have 57 restaurants in that price range. Are you looking for a place in a certain part of town?
I'd like something in the centre if possible. 
Most of the expensive restaurants in Cambridge happen to be in the center of town! Would you like to try some British food at Fitzbillies?
That sounds nice! Can I just get their phone number, address, and postcode? 
The address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre, the phone number is 01223352500, and the postcode is cb21rg. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's everything. Thanks for the help!
You're welcome. Have a good day.
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves halal food. 
I cannot find any restaurants serving halal food. Do you have any other preferences? 
How about indian food?
The Cocum serves Indian food.
What is their address and phone number?
Their address is 71 Castle Street City Centre, their phone number is 01223 366668.
Is Cocum located in the east part of town?
No, the Cocum is located on the West part of town. Would you like me to find an Indian restaurant on the east part of town?
Correct
I have 4 Indian restaurants showing for the east part of town. They are Curry Prince, Pipasha Resteraunt, Rajmahal, and Sitar Tandoori.
***
Can you help me find a restaurant please?
Certainly, to narrow it down, do you have a preference for what part of the city it is in or what type of food is served?
I want one in the certre area and in the moderate price range. 
I have found some restaurants. They serve asian oriental, british, chinese, european, gastropub, international, italian, lebanese, modern european, spanish, and turkish.
I don't care what type of food they serve.  What would you recommend?
I've heard good things about Riverside Brasserie, they serve Modern European cuisine. Would you like to see if they have tables available?
That sounds good, I have a group of seven and we want to eat at 20:00 on Friday.
Unfortunately I wasn't able to get the reservation for you. Would you like me to try somewhere else?
Can you recommend another moderately priced restaurant located in the centre?
What about the Copper Kettle? They serve British cuisine.
That would work, please book that.
Good news! Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ZXIRY17R.
Thanks for all your help. Good bye.
Thank you goodbye.
***
I am looking for an upscale restaurant with European food, please.
Eraina is an an upscale restaurant serving European food.
Is there anything else available?
Yes, the Cambridge Lodge restaurant is also an upscale restaurant serving European food.
What is there address and area?
The Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is located is the west part of town at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
No thank you.  That is all the info I needed.
Thank you.
***
I am looking for a cantonese restaurant in the north part of town. 
What price range are you looking for?
I don't care.
Unfortunately, there are no Cantonese restaurants in the north part of town. 
Okay then, how about a restaurant that serves asian oriental type of food in the north part of town then?
Saigon city serves asian oriental food and is located in the north part of town.  Would you like their location? 
What is the address and phone number?
The address for Saigon City is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 356555.
Thank you for the information. Bye now
Thank you.
***
I want to eat someplace with unusual food. Price is no object. What can you suggest?
I'm sorry, there is nothing meeting your criteria. What other type of cuisine  would you like?
Hmm.  I'm not sure.  It needs to be expensive, and I really had my heart set on unusual.
There are no restaurants anywhere in Cambridge that describe their cuisine as "unusual." Would you like to broaden your search criteria?
Then find a European one.
I have 5 european restaurants to choose from. I have options in the centre, north and west. Which would you prefer to dine in? 
I would like one in the centre area, please.
How about Eraina, which serves European food and is located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range?
That sounds good! Can you book a table for 6 people at 12:45 on Wednesday?
That booking was successful, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4OQDTI8C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is all I need. Thank you.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
***
I want a cheap, european restaurant please.
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is in the cheap price range and features a modern European menu.
What is the address and phone number?
It is located at  Quayside Off Bridge street.  The phone number is is 01223 301030.
Thank you good bye. 
You're welcome.  Have a good evening and enjoy.
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Mexican food. 
chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the south part of town.  Would you like their location? 
Yes, I'd like the address, phone number and postcode please.
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. The postal code is CB17DY and the phone number is 01223400170.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome! Goodbye.
***
I would like a European restaurant in the west part of town, please.
The cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food in the west part of town
phone number and address, please.
The Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Their number is 01223 355166. Is there anything else I can find for you?
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a place to eat in town centre.
There are 69 different places to choose from. What type of food would you like?
It doesn't matter as long as it is cheap. 
I have 15 restaurants that match your description? Is there a specific cuisine you would like?
I don't care about the cuisine. Would you book a table for 4 people at 16:00 on Wednesday?
I made a reservation for you at J Restaurant at 86 Regent Street.  Reference Number UWVRJC3M.  Can I help you further today?
That will be all. Thank you very much for your help.
Your welcome. Have a good day.
***
I have to book a place to eat that serves irish food and is located in the centre, can you help me?
I am sorry there are no listings, would there be another area I can search for you?
How about a restaurant that serves gastropub food in the centre instead?
I have 3 restaurants. Two are expensive and one is moderate. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, can you see if the moderately priced one can accommodate a party of five at 16:45 on Sunday?
It can not, I am sorry. Shall I try another?
Can I get another restaurant in the centre that is moderately priced?
How about the Oak Bistro? It's a British restaurant in the centre, also moderately priced.
That sounds amazing. Please try to book that for me.
Your booking was successful. Your booking number was 13HISQU8. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you have a good day too.
***
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range
OK, I have 15 options for you, in many cuisines. Do you have a cuisine preference, or would you like me to recommend a restaurant?
I don't have a preference. What would you suggest and can you provide me with the address and phone number?
How about the Rice House? It is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre and their number is 01223367755. 
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services. Is there anything else we can help you with?
***
Yes I am looking to find a restaurant that is expensive in the south of town.
There are 5 options. What food type would you like?
What type of cuisine options do I have?
You can choose between Mexican, Italian, Indian, and Chinese.
I would like Mexican, I would need a table for 6 at 16:00 on Monday
I'm sorry, but they have no openings at that time. Care to try a different day or perhaps a different time?
How about 15:00 for 6 people on Monday?
Yes, I've successfully booked your reservation for 15:00. Anything else?
Could I get that reference number?
Yes. The reference number is SEI1ME8K. The Chiquito Restaurant Bar will reserve your table for 15 mins starting at 15:00. Can I help you with anything else? 
Thanks!  That will be all for today.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
***
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel called eraina. Can you help?
Eraina is actually a European restaurant, not a hotel. Is that what you were looking for?
Sorry yes the restaurant named Eraina. I would like to book a reservation for Tuesday 15:15 for 1 person. 
There appears to be no availability at that time.  Would you prefer a different restaurant?
How about a different restaurant in the same area and price range?
I am sorry there are no others in that area,do you want me to check on another area?
No, could you double check that? I want a restaurant in the same area and price range as the Eraina. Type of food doesn't matter.
I have an Asian restaurant called Kymmoy that is in the same price range. Would you be interested?
Yes, will you see if you can book a table for me? And give me the reference number if you can?
Booked! Reference number: PLEIL8MJ. Will be held for 15 minutes.
Wonderful. Thank you so much for your assistance. 
Thank you and enjoy your meal at the kymmoy. Have a great day.
***
looking for a restaurant in the moderately priced range
There are several moderately priced restaurants.  Do you have a preference to the area of town? 
I don't care about the area of town, but I'd like cuban food.
There are no results for moderately priced Cuban food restaurants. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any international restaurants in the moderate range?
There is an international restaurant in the moderate range called The Varsity Restaurant in the centre area of town.
Can I get the address and postcode, please?
The address of The Varsity Restaurant is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre and the postcode is C.B 2, 3 A.R.
Thank you good bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
I'd like a restaurant with Korean food please. 
Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the city centre, serving expensive food.
What is their address and phone number?
Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre and their telephone number is 01223 308681.
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome, goodbye. 
***
I am looking for a German restaurant in the west part of town. 
There are no German restaurants in the west part of town. Would you like to make another query?
How about Italian?
There are several Italian restaurants in the west part of town.  La Margherita is cheap and Prezzo is moderate.  Would you like the address of one of those?
What is the phone number of one of them?
The phone number to Prezzo, which is moderately priced, is 01799 521260. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? 
Thank you goodbye. 
thank you. good bye
***
I'd looking for a good restaurant on the east side.  I'd prefer the moderate price range, if possible.
Would you prefer Indian or Italian food?
I would like Indian please.
There is curry prince, and rajmahal, would either of those work for you?
I'd like to book curry prince for 6 people at 15:45 on saturday please.
Alright, I have you reservation made. The reference number is SMAMRCQ9.
Great, thanks for your help. 
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be everything today. Thank you.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a place to eat in the West, Thai food please.
The Sala Thong serves Thai food.  It is expensive but good.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, that sounds great!
What day, time, and party size do you need?
Could you give me the address, phone number, and postcode?

The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham, phone number is 01223323178, and finally their postcode is cb39ey. Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay great. That is all I need to know.
Are there any other tasks you need help with?
No, that is all I need today.
Ok. Thank you.
***
Yes. I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. 
curry prince serves indian food, in the moderate price range and in the east part of town. 
Is there any other restaurant?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is in the east part of town and serves moderately priced Italian food.
What is the address?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton phone number is jesus lane fen ditton, is there anything else I can help you with?
***
Hello!  I'm looking for a nice restaurant that serves Scottish food.  Can you recommend one?
Certainly.  Is there a certain area of town that you'd like to stay in?
No, any part of town is good.
I'm sorry, there aren't any Scottish food restaurants. Would you like something else? 
How about a restaurant that serves British food?
The Cotto serves British food it is in the centre of town in the moderate price range. 
May I get the restaurant phone number please?
cotto's phone number is 01223 302010.
Thank you, goodbye
Goodbye.
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the city center
There are 33 entries that meet your request.  Is there a type of food you are looking for?
No, I really don't mind. Recommend one to me.
How about bedouin? It is an african cuisine that is in the expensive price range. 
That sounds wonderful. Can you give me the address and postcode?
The Bedouin's address is 100 Mill Road City Centre, and the postcode is cb12bd. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Okay.  Have a great meal!
***
I want to find a restaurant in any part of town and serves malaysian food.
There are no Malaysian restaurants. Would you like something different?
north american, please. Give me their price range and their address and phone number, please.
gourmet burger kitchen is in the expensive price range their phone number is 01223 312598 and their address is Regent Street City Centre
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using Cambridge restaurant system. Enjoy your meal!
***
I'm looking for an Indian restaurant, preferably in the centre of town.
There are a number of options for Indian restaurants in the centre of town. What price range would you like?
I would prefer cheap restaurants.
I was able to find three options in your price range, may I recommend The Gandhi?
Sure please book a table there fore 7 people at 12:15 on saturday
I was able to book that for you. They will be reserve your table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 6EQ61SD9. Is there anything more I can help with?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you for calling, enjoy!
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves African food. 
There is an African restaurant in the centre area called Bedouin.
What are the address and postcode, please?
Bedouin is located at 100 mill road city centre and the postcode is CB12BD. Is there anything else I can help with? 
that's all, thanks!
Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.
***
Yes. I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
Would you prefer British, Indian, or Italian food?
Indian, please.
meghna is an indian restaurant.  Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please. And also the address.
The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 727410.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you. Have a nice day! 
***
Is there an expensive restaurant serving caribbean food? 
I'm sorry but there aren't any venues offering Caribbean food in the expensive price range. 
How about thai?
There's Bangkok City in the centre of town, and Sala Thong on the west side.
Great, what is the address and phone number for bangkok city?
their phone number is 01223 354382 and address is 24 Green Street City Centre.
***
Can you help me find a cheap place to eat?
There are 22 restarants serving cheap food. What type of food would you like?
Indian would be good as long as it's in the center. I need to book a table for 2 people at 18:15 on a Sunday.
The Gandhi has great food at an even better price! Should I book you a table here?
Yes, that would be fine.
Unfortunately there are no tables available for Sunday at 18:15. Would you like to try for a different day or time? 
Yes can you try Sunday at 17:30 please
I'm sorry, but booking was unsuccessful. Could you try a different day or time?
do you have anything available for sunday?
No, could you try another day and time?
How about 17:15?
I was able to book the table for you for your party of 2 on Sunday at 17:15. The reference number is Z16ZTXKY.
Great. That'll be everything. Thank you!
Thank you, good bye.
***
I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves crossover food.  Can you recommend anything?
What area were you looking for?
Anywhere really. 
Which price range are you looking for?
I am looking for something in the expensive price range. 
No restaurants match that request. Can I search for something different for you?
Can I get an Italian restaurant? address and phone number please.
An expensive Italian restaurant is found in the center of town, Caffe Uno. The address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223 448620.
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a Korean restaurant that's expensive.
Little Seoul is exactly what you're looking for!
Is it in the centre of town?
Indeed it is. Would you like for me reserve you a table?
Yes, please! I need a table for 8 on Wednesday at 12:00.
Hmm.  I'm not able to book at that time.  Would you like to try another time or day?
How about 11:00 on Wednesday instead?
I was able to make your reservation for 8 at 11:00 on Wednesday. Your reference number is PMZ9SEZP. Do you need anything else?
No. That will be everything today. Thank you.
Have a great day.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves Lebanese food.
The Ali baba restaraunt serves lebanese food and is in the moderate price range.
Tell me the address and phone number of Ali baba restaraunt.
Their address is 59 Hills Road City Centre and their phone number is 01462 432565.
Thank you bye bye
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
***
I need an expensive restaurant.
There are 57 expensive restaurants in the city. Is there a particular area you would prefer to dine in?
I would like Chinese food in the centre please.
There are 4.  Can I make a reservation at one of them?  Possibly Tang Chinese?
I need a table for 7 at 19:45 on sunday
I was able to book you at hk fusion on Sunday. Reference number 5UP22RA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all. Thanks.
Okay. Enjoy your dinner.
***
Can you help me find a restaurant that serves African food with a moderate price range please
I am sorry, there aren't any options available. May I ask if there is another type of restaurant you would be interested in?
Yes how about Asian food in the same price range?
Yes I have the Yippee Noodle Bar in the center of town on King street in the moderate price range. They serve Asian cuisine. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Will you please book a table for 6 at 13:45 on Friday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3GLLHSNN.
That's all I needed. Thanks a lot for the help!
Great! Enjoy
Will do.
Come back for any future help you may need.
***
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
the missing sock is a nice restaurant in the east part of town in the cheap price range
What is the address and phone number?
The address of The Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and the phone number is 01223 812660. May I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you, I have everything I need.  Thank you and goodbye!
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
Goodbye.
Goodbye. 
***
Can you help me find an expensive asian oriental restaurant to dine at?
The are two expensive asian oriental restaurants available.  Saigon city in the north area, and kymmoy in the centre area.
Kymmoy in the centre area is great. Would you book a table of 8 people at 11:15 on Thursday for me? 
It is not open then, shall I try another time or another place to eat?
Let's try another restaurant.
I have booked you at Saigon City in the North area, 52 Mill Road City Centre. Your reference number is 2OBVXF1O.
Okay great that is all I need at the moment.
It was my pleasure. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  You have a great day!
***
Can you help me find a Chinese restaurant please?
I'm sure I can. We have 17 chinese restaurants. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
I would like to be in the centre of town, and if it could be inexpensive, that  would be ideal.
How about the Charlie Chan restaurant?
Do they have a table available for 5 people on Wednesday night?
For what time please?
I would like the reservation at 19:30 please.
I'm sorry but I was unable to make a booking. Could we try another day or time?
Can you try a different restaurant in the same area and price range?
I am sorry there are no others in the same area and price range.
What about another restaurant in a different area but same price range?
I am sorry there are no others in any other areas,could I check another price range?
No thank you I need it in that area and pricerange.
There is an asian oriental cheap restaurants called Dojo Noodle Bar. Would you like to book there instead?
I suppose that would be all right. 
A table is reserved for you at Dojo Noodle Bar. Your reference number is AEQLOL33.
Thank you for all your help today.
Have a lovely day. Goodbye.
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
What food type are you looking for?
Any type of restaurant will be fine. 
Da vinci pizzeria is located in the north part of town and in the cheap price range.
***
I'm looking for a japanese restaurant in town.
Wagamama is a japanese restaurant in the centre of town.  Would you like their location? 
Yes, what is their address and phone number?
its address is 36 Saint Andrews Street and phone number is 01223 462354
thank you good bye
You're welcome. Have a good day!
***
I want afghan food in the centre of town.
What price range are you looking for?
Any price range will be fine.
What area are you looking for?
Centre part of town. 
There are no restaurants that serve Afghan food in the center of town.
How about a place serving Turkish food?
There are three restaurants, the locations are Bridge Street city centre, King Street City centre, and the more expensive is on Mill Road city centre. Which do you prefer?
I don't care
Anatolia meets your criteria. Would you like their contact information?
Yes, what is their price range and address?
Anatolia is in the moderate price range and is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!
***
I'm looking for a cheap place to dine, preferably in the centre of town. 
Sure, are you interested in Chinese food?
Yes, what restaurants are there?
There is the Charlie Chan, Rice House and Golden House. Would you like to book a table at one of these?
Charlie Chan sounds good. Thank you! 
What day and time, and for how many people, would you like to book?
I'd like to book 4 people at 14:15 on Friday.
All right, I've booked that for you. Your reference number is IYQ8FY20. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all, thank you very much.
Thank you, have a great time.
***
I'm looking for hungarian food in the Centre
I'm sorry, there are no Hungarian restaurants listed in the centre part of town.  Would you like to try something else? 
How about turkish food?
There are three restaurants that serve Turkish food in the center of town. What price range would you like?
No preference about price range.
How about Anatolia? It serves Turkish food and it is in the centre of town.
What is Anatolia's address?
Anatolia is located at 30 bridge street city centre. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
What's the price range?
Anatolia is in the moderate price range.
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye. 
***
I am looking for a place to eat at that is expensive and serves food with afternoon tea.
Unfortunately, I don't have any places that serve tea that are expensive. Did you want me to try a different price range or type of cuisine served?
No thanks. Instead, could you tell me where to get Thai food?
I found two Thai restaurants one is in the west and one in centre. Which would you prefer? 
The one in the centre is fine, I would like a table for 1 at 14:15 friday please.
For how many people?
Can you make sure that's an expensive restaurant? 
It is an expensive restaurant yes
Great can I reserve that for 1 person at 14:15 on friday please?
Your table is booked for Friday at 14:15 for 1 person. The reference number is KSS0DI7C. It is only reserved for 15 minutes so please arrive on time.
Thank you very much. That is all I'll need today!
Thank you for contacting us. Have a good trip to cambridge.
***
I am looking for a place to dine that serves indian food and is located close to the centre, can you help me please?
We have nine Indian restaurants in the centre, with prices ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like a restaurant in the expensive range.
There are several. Would you like to book a table to Panahar, or perhaps one of the others?
Yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at Panahar on Sunday at 13:00.
You are booked at Panahar on Sunday at 13:00 for 6 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
May I have the reference number for the reservation?
I am so sorry but the panahar is fully booked. My I find another restaurant for you that serves Indian food?
Yes please, in the same area and price range, please.
Okay. I was able to get you into the Golden Curry instead. Your reference number is OXKPJH2R.
Thank you so much. Have a great day.
You are so welcome. 
***
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves swedish food
There are no restaurants that serve swedish food. Are you interested in some other type of food?
Yes, how about North American food. I will also need the address, phone number, and postcode.
There is one location that servies north american food. It is and expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
The Gourmet Burger Kitchen's phone number is 01223 312598 , they are loated at Regent Street City Centre, and there post code is .C.B 2, 1 A.B
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
Are there any cheap restaurants in the south part of town? 
There are two choices in the South area serving cheap food. Do you prefer Portuguese or Chinese?
I do not have a preference. 
Nandos is the Portuguese place, and The Lucky Star is Chinese.  Would you like more information on one or both of those?
Please give me the address and phone number for Nandos. 
Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their number is 01223 327908. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
***
Hi I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
There are thirty-three results. Would you like a specific type of food?
I am looking for Italian food. 
Can I recommend don pasquale pizzeria located on 12 Market Hill City Centre?
Okay, let's book a table for five on Wednesday at 14:45.
I was unable to book at 14:45, can I try another time for you?
No 14:45 is the only time that works for all of us. Could you look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range for me?
Can I recommend clowns cafe located on 54 King Street City Centre?
Sure and give me the reference number too please.
Okay I have booked you there and your reference number is O7FJ870G.
Thank you so much for your time. That will be all.
So happy to help, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo service today!
***
Can you find the restaurant names Loch Fyne?
Sure! Loch fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. I need one for friday at 13:45. I'll be dining alone. 
I apologize but I was unable to book you for the restaurant. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
Sure, any other restaurant in the centre that is expensive would be fine.
There are many resturants that meet those criteria.  Would you prefer African, Asian, British, Chrinese, European, French, Gastropub, Indian, Italian, Japanese, korean, mediterranean, north american, Turkish or thai?
Can you check for another restaurant in the same area and pricerange?
Could I suggest going out of the norm and trying bedouin? It's an african restaurant in the same price range and area. 
Yes, please book the restaurant bedouin for me. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : MTBHNB92. Anything else?
No that will be all, thanks for all of your help. Sorry I was such a bother
No problem at all.  have a great day!
Thank you! You were great!
Thank you. Have a great day!
***
I'm hoping to find a restaurant in the centre that serves British food.
How about the oak bistro on Lensfield Road?
What is the price range? It needs to be moderate.
The Oak Bistros price range is moderate would you like more information on it or to book a table?
I'd like a table for 3 people at 11:00 on Friday, please.
The oak bistro is fully booked. Do you want me to try another restaurant in the centre serving moderate British food?
Yes, please try another restaurant in the center serving moderate British food.
I was able to book restaurant one seven, reference number is XXZ4D253.
Sounds wonderful, thank you for your help.  That is all I need.  Bye.
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves swedish food in the centre.
There are no restaurants that serve Swedish food in the centre. What would you like to do?
Well, the restaurant should be expensive. Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre of town?
Yes many. It all depends on what type of cuisine you're after.
What about a restaurant that serves gastropub food?
I was able to find two restaurants that serve gastropub for you. I have backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce, both located in the centre of town.
Can I get a table for 1 at the Backstreet Bistro? Saturday at 17:15, if possible.
It's all booked, your reference number is STQ9N9UV
Excellent. That will be everything. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
Certainly. Some choices that fit your criteria are Bedouin, Kymmoy, and Fitzbillies Restaurant.
What are the different food types of these restaurants?
In the same order: African, Asian Oriental, British. Do any of these fancy you?
Not actually. I won't be needing anything else at this time. thank you. Good bye.
You don't need any other information? 
That's all I need from you today. Thanks.
Alright. I hope you have a wonderful day!
Thank you for your help
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I need the phone number and post code of a restaurant in the east part of town.
Ok. Is there a specific restaurant you are looking for?
Moderately priced restaurant.
Curry Prince is moderately priced and in the east part of town. Alternatively, so is Rajmahal.
What is the phone number and postcode of Curry Prince?
The phone number is 01223 566388 and the postcode is CB58JJ.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome.  Goodbye!
***
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range.
I have the oak bistro they serve british food.
Is there any place that serves international food?
There are two international restaurants that are in the moderate price range: The Varsity Restaurant and The Bloomsbury Restaurant.
Either would be fine, could you make me a reservation for 8 people at 17:30 on Wednesday?
I've booked you a table for eight, your reference number is PJYZ9VQ9. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks, good bye.
Thank you for using our services.
***
I need help finding a very inexpensive place to eat located in the north, can you help me?
Yes there are two listings, one for italian and one for indian food,are those the types of food you are looking for?
I don't care, as long as it's cheap it's fine. Which do you recommend?
Can I recommend royal spice located on Victoria Avenue Chesterton? Would you like to make a booking there?
Yes, I would like a table for 1 at 18:00 on Friday night.
I'm sorry, we were not able to book that restaurant. How about da vinci pizzeria located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton?
How about a different restaurant in the same area and price range?
Yes sure I got you into Da Vinci Pizzeria and your reference number is IQA12P3U.
Thank you so much that is all I need.
Thank you, that was all I needed.
***
malaysian food in the west part of town 
There aren't any malaysian restaurants in the west part of town. Would you like to expand the search?
How about Thai food in the west part of town?
Sala Thong is a restaurant that serves Thai food
What is the address, phone number, and price range?
Sala Thong is an expensive restaurant located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Their number is 01223 323178. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the postcode please?
Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
no, thank you good bye 
You're welcome.
***
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve chinese food
Charlie Chan is a great choice! would you like a reservation/
Which area is it in?
It's in the centre of town.
Thanks for you help. That is all I need for now.
Great! Have a nice day!
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Caribbean food and in the moderate price range.
There is not a Caribbean restaurant in the moderate price range. Would you like a different restaurant?  
Are there any spanish restaurants?
yes. la tasca is a nice spanish restaurant in the moderate price range. 
What is the address, phone number, and postcode? 
la tasca is located at 14 -16 Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F.  Their phone number is 1223 464630.  May I help you with anything else? 
Thank you good bye. 
You're welcome, goodbye.  
***
Can you find me a Chinese restaurant please?
Sure.  There are 17 chinese restaurants in town.  Are you looking for a certain price range or location?
Yes.  I would like it to be in the expensive price range.
I have found 5 that fit that description. Is there a particular area you would like?
I would like to book a table for 6 at 15:15 on Tuesday.
I was able to get a table at Hakka in the north. The reference number is 7KW8MVL3 and they'll keep the table for 15 minutes. Does that suit you?
Yes, thank you. That's all for now. Bye!
Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your meal at the hakka. Have a great day.
***
I am looking for the addresses of each of the moderately priced restaurants in the south part of town.
The address for Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the address for Restaurant Alimentum is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
Is there anything else?
There is restaurant alimentum which is a modern european restaurant located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Could you give me the address for Restaurant Alimentum?
Restaurant Alimentum's address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. May I help you with anything else?
No thank you good bye
Thank you for using our system. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant for tonight in the centre of town, can you provide me with a list of my options?
Kymmoy is located in the centre of town.
May I have the postcode to Kymmoy please?
Certainly, the postcode is cb12as. Is there any other information you need? 
That's all that I needed thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
I need the phone number of a restaurant in the west part of town that serves italian ood.
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west part of town, their phone number is 01799 521260.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you.  Goodbye!
***
Hi! Are there any asian oriental restaurants in the center of town?
I have 4 different options for you. Did you prefer a certain price range?
Something moderately priced would be great. 
The yippee noodle bar is an asian oriental restraunt in the town centre with a moderate price. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes I need a table for 4 on Saturday.
What time shall we make that booking for?
16:30 please. 
Okay, I successfully booked that table for you at 1630 for your party. Please arrive on time, as the table is only reserved for 15 minutes.Your reference number is LSAY2YOX.
Thank you. I think that's everything I need.
You're welcome! Have a nice day.
***
I am looking for the address and price range of a restaurant serving chinese food in the south part of town.
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese restaurant located in the south part of town in the expensive price range.   Their address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you and have a wonderful day!
Thanks again.  Goodbye!
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
Are there any Mexican restaurants in the centre?
Sorry no, there are no Mexican restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to check another area?
Sure.  I would be interested in Indian restaurants also.
Curry Garden is in that part of town and they serve Indian food.
Please book this for 7 people, at 18:00 on Sunday.
Unfortunately there is nothing available for 18:00 on Sunday. Would another date or time work for you? 
Try 17:00 on Sunday.
Of course. You're booked at 17:00 with reference number TTP6GYCJ. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I assist with anything else?
No, that'll do it!  Thanks!
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
***
I want to eat fine british food.
There are restaurants that serve british food. What is your price range?
I like expensive restaurants and would prefer something in the city centre.
There are 3 expensive restaurants in the centre of town that server British food. I would recommend the Midsummer House Restaurant.
Sounds great. Please book a table for 3 at 20:00 on Friday and give me the reference number.
I was able to reserve a table. Your reference number is 2SLK6U5L. Is there anything else you'd like me to do?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks so much for your help!
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant and serves australasian food.
There are no restaurants serving Australasian food. Would you like something else? 
portuguese food
There are two restaurants available, nandos and nandos city centre. One is in the south and one is in the centre.
I don't care
How about nandos? It is a cheap restraunt on Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Sounds great, what is their address?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, C.B 1, 7 D.Y.
Thank you and goodbye!
Goodbye.
***
What is the address for find pizza hut city centre?
The address for that restaurant is Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, can you book a table for 2 on Friday at 18:00
I'm sorry.  The restaurant is fully booked at that time. What other day or time slot would be good for you?
Please try Friday at 17:00. It should be less crowded then.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : CQV6JDS3.
Thank you for the help.
You are more than welcome!
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the west side of town. 
Meghna, is in the west part of town and in the moderate price range.
Is there anything else?  Can I have the address and phone number please?
Okay, Meghna's phone number is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Are there any other restaurants in that price range and part of town?
Yes, prezzo serving italian food, and saint johns chop house serving british food are also in the west part of town.
What is the address and phone number?
Thier address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road and phone number is 01799 521260
Thank you goodbye.
I hope you enjoy Saint Johns Chop House.  Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range
I have both an Italian restaurant and a Vietnamese Restaurant. Do you have a preference?
I don't care  book a table for 5 people at 15:30 on friday. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : YW1NYRXC.
Cool thank you. I'm all set for now.
Thanks for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
***
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Australian food. 
There are no records matching your request for an expensive restaurant serving Australian food. May I help you find a different restaurant? 
What about British food?
There are six restaurants matching your query. One of them is travellers rest.
Could I have the phone number for one of the restaurants?
there phone number is 01223352500 is there anything else i can help you with?
Thanks, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Could I get the name of a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town?
The Golden Wok is a Chinese restaurnt in the north part of town. Or there's The Nirala, which serves Indian food.
Could you get me the address and phone number for The Golden Wok, please?
The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton, and the phone number is 01223 350688. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it. Thank you for your help.
Thank you and goodbye!
***
I would like to find a restaurant in the expensive price range that is located in the city center.
There are 33 expensive resturants in the city center.  We could narrow it down more by food type. What type of food would you like?
I do not care about that.
Bedouin serves African food, is in the center, and in the expensive price range. Do you want me to book this restaurant?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for seven at 19:15 on Tuesday.
Ok I have booked you at Bedouin on Tuesday at 19:15 for 7 people.
May I have the reference number please?
It is actually not open then, another day or place to dine?
How about a different restaurant in the area and price range?
I was able to book you at the Cambridge chop house. Reference number K1T50MHG.
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Okay. Enjoy your dinner.
***
I'd like to find an expensive place to eat in the south.
We have several available.  Would you prefer Chinese, Indian, Italian or Mexican?
I really don't have a preference. How about Chinese? I will need their phone number and postcode please.
Sure, I think you'll like Peking Restaurant. Their postcode is cb28nx and their phone number is 01223354755. May I help with anything else?
No thank you, that is all I needed.
Thank you and please check back with us for your future travel needs.
***
I want to find some information on da vinci pizzeria
I found Da Vinci Pizzeria is a cheap restaurant in the north. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please.  For one person at 12:30 on Sunday.
I have you scheduled for a reservation for 1 on Sunday at 12:30, would you like a confirmation receipt?
Yes, please give me the reference number.
I am so sorry but the da vinci pizzeria is fully booked and I was unsuccessful. Do you want me to try another restaurant?
Yes how about one in the same area and price range please?
Okay I was able to book you into The Royal Spice serving Indian food and your reference number is K8N0LLBP.
Awesome! Thanks so much. That is all I need.
Thank you for using this service. Goodbye.
***
Can you locate an expensive restaurant in the south?
I sure can. Do you prefer Chinese, Italian, Indian or Mexican food?
I prefer Chinese food thanks.
Peking restaurant has good reviews would you like that?
That sounds good. Can I have the postcode and address please? 
Absolutely. The Peking Restaurant is located at 10 Homerton Street, City Centre. Their postcode is cb28nx. Can I reserve you a table by chance? 
No thank you, I don't need a reservation.
All right, what else can I help you with? 
That's it.  Thanks.
You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and is in the east part of town.
Which food type appeals to you currently? There are listings for British, Indian, Chinese, and gastropub.
I don't care.
Grafton Hotel Restaurant serves British food in the east part of town.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get the phone number, please?
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant's phone number is 01223 241387.
Sorry what type of food do they serve? 
They serve british food. 
Thanks so much
Nice talking to you, Thank you. Good bye 
Thank You
Thank YOU. Enjoy your meal.
***
I would like to find a danish restaurant this is moderately priced.
There are no Danish restaurants in the moderate price range. Would you like me to check for restaurants serving a different type of food?
Go for it. 
Some options are Lebanese, Turkish, international, British, European, and Chinese. Do any of these interest you?
No. How about gastropub type food? May I please have the address, phone number, and area?
The cow pizza kitchen and bar serves gastropub food, is located in the centre part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Their phone number is 01223 308871.  The address is Corn Exchange Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 3QF 
Thank you.
Is there anything else we can help you with today?
no, thank you 
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
I'd like to find an east side restaurant that is expensive. 
There are five restaurants matching your request. What kind of food would you like?
Chinese food sound good.
yu garden serves chinese food, is in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range.  Would you like their location? 
What is their address and postcode?
yu garden chinese east expensive 01223 248882 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton C.B 5, 8 P.A
Thank you goodbye.
thank you  and good bye
***
Do you have any recommendations for a restaurant in the south area in a high price range?
Yes, there's the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, Peking Restaurant, and Taj Tandoori. How do those sound?
Do the serve mediterranean food?
There is no expensive Mediterranean restaurant in the south.
How about one that serves Chinese food?
There are two expensive Chinese restaurants, the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway and the Peking Restaurant. Would you like to book a table with either of these?
Can you make a reservation for 1 on Monday at 17:00 at Peking Restaurant please.
I'm sorry but there was no availability for that time. Would you like to try another day or time?

How about 16:00? Could you please provide me with the reference number also?
Your booking was successful and the reference number is 1YYK3KQS. May I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's it.  Thanks!
Would you provide me with the address?
No. I'm the customer and you're the help desk; It is you who are supposed to provide me with the address. But you've given me all I need, so goodbye!
Have a good day!
***
Im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range
There are two restaurants in the cheap range on the north side of town. Would you prefer indian or italian?
I am looking for the east part of town, serving austrian food. 
I am sorry, there is no such restaurant match your request. Would you prefer another area or another type of food? 
How about Chinese food on the east part of town?
Yu garden serves chinese food and is located in the east part of town.  Would you like more information? 
Yes, I would like their address, phone number and postcode, please. 
Their address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, their phone number is 01223 248882 and their postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A.
That's all I'm looking for. Thank you for the information.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
Hi.  Could you help me find an expensive restaurant that serves Catalan food?
Unfortunately, I don't show anything available meeting those requirements. Can I try a different price range or type of cuisine for you?
How about something in the centre of town
I was able to find bedouin in the centre of town in the expensive price range.
The Bedouin serves Catalan cuisine?
The Bedouin serves African food.
Oh okay. I must have been mistaken. Let's try something that has italian, is expensive and in the centre of town. 
How does don pasquale pizzeria sound to you?
Sounds good, lets book it for 4 people at 14:00 on Wednesday, and I'll need a reference number please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CORC123E.
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Be sure to call us again if you need anything.
***
Yes, I would be interested in the British food fare that is available. Just a nice local restaurant with good expensive food would be nice. Thank you.
Can I get the information on what area you are looking for the restaurant to be in?
Centre of Cambridge
I have 3 restaurants that meet your request.  Would you like information on any of them? I recommend you check out The Cambridge Chop House.
The Cambridge Chop House sounds nice book me a table for 2 this Monday at 12:45 please.
That wasn't available.  I did get a table at Fitzbillies though.  It also meets all of your requirements.  Your reference number is BLRXV0B0.  Is that all today?
Perfect! Thank you
Is there anything else i can assist you with?
Nope that's it! Thanks so much!
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
Hi - I'm looking for an expensive restaurant on the east side of town. Can you help me?
Yes I there are five restaurants that match what you are looking for.  Is there a food type you would prefer?
Surprise me. I just need a table for 6 at 12:00 on Thursday.
Sure, I have made a reservation for 6 people at 12:00 thursday at grafton hotel restaurant Reference number is : SWDEOHLF. May I help with anything else?
No, that's all I needed, thank you. 
You are very welcome! Enjoy your meal! 
***
Is there a restaurant that serves italian food in the expensive price bracket?
Yes, there are 5 such places. 4 are in the centre and 1 is in the south. Would you like to book at one?
Absolutely! Thank you! 
Which area of town would you prefer?
How about the center?
Great, how about don pasquale pizzeria? May I book this for you?
That sounds good. No I don't need a reservation, but could you tell me the postcode?
Certainly, the postcode for don pasquale pizzeria is cb23nj.  Would you like any other information?
No thanks. That will do it for me. Have a good day. 
Thank you, you too.  Goodbye.
***
I need a place to eat in the south that serves italian food.
Pizza hut cherry hinton, and frankie and bennys are both in the south part of town serving italian food.
I would like Pizza hut cherry hinton. What is the postcode?
The postcode for that restaurant is cb17dy. Did you need anything else?
I don't need anything else at this time. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for letting me help you.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
***
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves greek food
I cannot locate a cheap Greek restaurant. Is there another one that you are interested in.
Please check for Italian food. I will also need the address and phone number.
There are 5 entries for Italian food in the cheap price range. Is there an Area of town that works best for you North, Centre, or West?
It doesn't matter. 
How about Da Vinci Pizzeria? It is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
Thank you. Goodbye!
Thank you for using our service, good bye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant serving scottish food. 
no restaurants serving Scottish food
ok, how about Vietnamese food?
Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and it is on the west side of town. Would you like the address and phone number?
Can I have the address please? 
The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank You!
Thank you and good bye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves Indonesian food.
My apologies, but there doesn't seem to be any restaurants matching your request. Would you like to broaden your search?
Oh, well how about European food then? Also in the centre of town please.
There are 8 listings meeting your criteria. Do you have a preference on the price range?
I don't care. 
Darrys cookhouse and Wine Shop is in the centre of town and serves modern european food.
May I have the phone number and postcode?
The phone number for darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is 01223 505015 and the postcode is C.B 1, 1 L.N. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I need, thank you very much.
You're welcome. Thank you for using this system.
Thank you goodbye.
goodbye 
***
Is there a latin american restaurant in the center?
There are no Latin American restaurants in the centre. Would you like information about a different style of food?
sure, what else is there?
I have 69 total restaurants in the centre with varying cuisines. Do you have a preference?
how about latin american food?
I have no latin american restaurants in the centre. Perhaps another part of the city?
Why don't we try for lebanese food instead
There is Ali Baba, that is lebanese. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please. There will be 3 of us for Tuesday at 13:30.
All right, sir, I'm happy to say the booking was successful. Would you like the reservation number?
Of course I'll need that.
Reference number is : B5CPU2X5.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
that is it. thanks
You are more than welcome!
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves international food. 
I'm showing three restaurants that fit that description. Are you interested in a particular area or price range?
No, any price range is fine. Can you recommend one of the restaurants?
bloomsbury restaurant is an international restaurant in the centre area.
Hmm, I don't really like the food there. Is there anything else?
the missing sock is another restaurant there.  
Can I get the address and phone number, please?
the missing sock is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road and their phone number is 01223 812660. 
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank You
Good bye.
***
Hi, I'm looking for a Basque restaurant in the west part of town.
I don't see any Basque restaurants.  Is there another type of food you might like?
How about british?
Graffiti is a British restaurant located in the west part of town and in the expensive price range.   Would you like their address?
I need the address and phone number, please.
Graffiti is located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, and you can phone them at 01223 277977. Do you need additional information?
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the west part of town
No, thanks.  I have everything I need.  Goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Australian food and in the cheap price range.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants that serve australian food. 
do you have some places that serve italian ?
la margherita seems to fit your request.
Can I get the address and phone number?
The address is 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 315232.
Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Thank you.  Goodbye.
***
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves korean food
I'm sorry, there are no Korean restaurants in the north part of town. Can I help you find anything else?
How about any area?
little seoul is in the centre and serves korean food
What is the address and price range?
Little Seoul is at 108 Regent Street City Centre and is an expensive restaurant.  Do you want the phone number?
No thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town.
Pizza Hut cherry hinton is a moderately priced restaurant in the south area. Would you like their information? 
Yes. phone number please
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is phone number is 01223 323737.
I'm not sure where on the south side I'm going to be.  Could you suggest an alternate restaurant and give me their information, too?
The only other option is restaurant alimentum. Their phone number is 01223 413000, their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road and their postcode is C.B 2, 8 P.B.
***
I'm looking for a seafood restaurant in the moderate price range. 
Sorry, there are no moderately priced seafood restaurants. Can I help you find something else instead?
What about Chinese?
There are 4 moderately priced Chinese restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you are wanting to eat in?
Any one of them will be fine, if you could find one available for 4 people at 18:15 on friday please.
I have reserved a table for 4 at Jinling Noodle Bar, 11 Peas Hill in the city centre (Tel: 01223566188) on Friday at 18:15. The reference number is K9JAW7FT.
Thank you for your help. Have a great day!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
***
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve mediterranean food and should be in the south
I'm afraid there aren't any. Would you like to try another area or cuisine?
What restaurants are cheap?
Nandos is cheap in that area.
how about one that serves portuguese food?
Nandos serves portuguese food in the south area. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. 3 people at 12:15 on Friday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Is there another day or time slot you would be interested in?
how about for 11:15?
Yes, that did the trick! Your reference number is OTN7HHGY and they'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need, thank you.
You're very welcome. Good day.
***
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves barbeque food. If not then how about modern european food?
There are four venues serving modern European food in the Centre of town. What price range do you want?
I want the most expensive one available.
darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is the most expensive modern European restaurant.
What is the address?
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop's address is 40270 King Street City Centre.
***
I am looking for a restaurant on the eastern side of town.
pizza hut fen ditton is moderately priced and at the east side of the city.
is there another one as well?
Yes there are 8 more. What type of food do you want? 
Is there anything British available?
There is one restaurant serving British food on the east side of town. Their name is Grafton Hotel Restaurant. Would you like their contact information?
What is the address and postcode?
Grafton Hotel Restaurant is located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, in postal code C.B 5, 8 P.A. Would you like me to find any additional information?
No, I think that does it. Thank you for the info.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling us today.
Goodbye. 
goodbye
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the south.
We have nine. Do you have a preference as to cuisine or price range?
I am looking for one that serves Portuguese food and is cheap.
I found one. It is called Nandos. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes please. We would like a table for 2 at 18:00 on Saturday.
I am sorry this restaurant is booked would you like to try a different place?
No thank you,I will call again.
Have a nice day.
***
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called caffe uno.
Caffe Uno? Excellent choice! Would you like to make a reservation? 
Yes please! There will be 7 of us dining on sunday
At what time would you like the reservation?
16:15 seems like a good time.
I have booked the table for Sunday, the reference number is 1XGV4VGP. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I needed help with. Thanks a lot!
Awesome, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the restaurant! 
***
I'm looking for a restaurant the serves spanish food.
Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
I have no preference. 
Two selections fit your requirements. La Tasca and La Raza are both located in the centre part of town. Do either of those interest you?
Yes, I would like the address of La Raza please. 
La Raza's address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
No. Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and served British food.
What part of area would you like to visit? 
How about the center? I need a reservation for 8 people at 14:15 on a Friday.
The oak bistro is one of several restaurants that match your description. Would you like me to book a table there for that time?
Yes, that would be fine.  Is there a table for 8 available?
I'd be happy to make your reservation. What time and day would you like that for?
Friday at 14:15.
They do not have a table for 8 available at 14:15 Friday. Would you like to try for another day or time slot?
Can you try to book it for 13:15?
That time worked, your reservation was successful and your reference number is X4U272EC. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help! 
Excellent. Have a good one!
***
I'm looking for a gastropub.
Okay, there are four gastropubs in cambridge. Are you looking for a particular area or a certain price range?
Yes, something in the centre of town please?
I have 3 gastropubs in the center of town. Does price range matter to you?
No, price range does not matter. 
In that case, I recommend Backstreet Bistro at 2 Sturton Street City Centre. Would you like a table there?
I'm sorry, I do need something expensive. Is  Backstreet Bistro an expensive place?
Yes, they are an expensive restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I'd like  reservation for 8 people t 11:15 on Saturday.
Booking was successful. Can I get you anything else?
May I have the reference number?
Of course, the reference number is JP761RJS.
Thank you so much.
Have a great day!
***
I'd like you to tell me about great Indian restaurants in the area.  It's okay if they are expensive.
There are a total of 14 different expensive Indian restaurants located throughout the city. Is there a particular area of town you would like to eat in?
No. Choose one for me.
Curry garden has good reviews, would you like to book there?
Sure! Can you book a table for 8 people at 17:30 on Friday?
Sure.  Your reference number is QLMRQ3H2.  Anything else?
Thank you. That's all I need right now. Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye!
***
Yes I am looking for information on a restaurant called Bangkok City.
That is an expensive Thai restaurant.  Do you want me to book a reservation?
Yes, 5 people, friday at 14:15.
Sorry, there are no tables available for your party then. Perhaps another day or time?
Oh no.  Can you get us in at 13:15 then?
Yes, that time is available, and I've reserved your table. The reference number is WI602I6M. 
Thanks! That's all I needed today - goodbye!
Awesome. Enjoy your stay!
***
I am looking for Mediterranean food in the center of the city.
I show 3 available. 2 are in the expensive range and 1 is cheap. May I book a table for you?
I'd like the expensive range and I'd like to book a table for 7 people on Saturday at 15:45.
I have booked you at the Shiraz Restaurant for 7 people Saturday at 15:45. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much.  That is all I need today.  Have a great evening.
Sure.  Your reference number is MSV3UPS2.  You will likely need it.
Great. Thanks so much!
Thanks for calling. You have a great day!
***
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves persian food.
There are no restaurants serving Persian food in the Centre part of town.
I would like a thai restaurant then.
I see several options for Thai food in the city centre. Would you like to narrow them down by price?
Yes please. Like to hear least to most expensive first.
bangkok city is the only result and it is expensive.
What is the address and phone number?
The address for Bangkok city is  24 Green Street City Centr, and the phone number is 01223 354382 . Is there anything else I can help you with?	
Thank you, goodbye
Have a nice day!
***
I'm looking for some info on kohinoor.
Great! Kohinoor is an Indian cuisine restaurant in the cheap price range! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for just me at 13:45 on Friday.
Unfortunately reservations are not possible for that time. Would you like to try for another day or time?
I could eat at 12:45.  I hope that is available.
That worked out for you! Your reference number is IHQK49W4.
Great thank you for all your help
Thank you for calling, goodbye.
***
I would like to try saigon city.
Great choice.  When can I make the reservation for?
5 people on a Wednesday at 19:45.
You got it. Here is your reference number: P9D58C0O.
Thank you for help. That's everything I needed.
Have a great day!
***
I'd like an expensive restuarant with Chinese food.
Sure, I have 9 restaurants like that. Is there a certain area you had in mind?
I would like to stay in the south please.
I have 2 chinese restaurants in the south. Both are expensive but worth the money! I have the Peking Restaurant and the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway. 
Could you reserve a table for 5 at Peking Restaurant.  I need it for Wednesday at 11:15.
I was able to successfully book at table for 5 at Peking restaurant for 11:15. Your reference number is WOK3FTDI. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much, that is all that I needed!
You are welcome!
***
Hi, Are there any expensive Indian restaurants in town?
Yes, there are quite a few! What area of town would you prefer?
I would prefer a restaurant in the west side of town.
Tandoori Palace is in the West part of town, located at 68 Histon Road, Chesterton. Can I make a reservation for you?
Actually, I just need the number and address.
The Tandoori Palace is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, postcode cb43le, and their phone number is 01223506055. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that'll be all for today. Thanks a lot. Bye! 
Have a nice day.  Good Bye.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the North part of town. I will need their address.
There is a cheap Italian restaurant at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, or one that serves Indian food at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you, goodbye!
***
I am looking for information about city stop restaurant?
I have pulled up City Stop Restaurant. What information do you need?
I would like to book a table there for 4 peole on saturday at 19:45. and can i please get a reference number?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : OMKMNJEM.
Alright, thank you very much. That's all I need for now.
You are welcome.  Goodbye.
***
I need a cheap Spanish restaurant.  Are there any around?
Yes, la raza is a restaurant serving spanish food in the cheap price range. It is located at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent. Would you like a reservation?
I would like a restaurant in the centre. 
la raza is a cheap restaurant serving spanish food in the centre part of town. It's address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent and it's post code is cb2311.
Great. can you book me a table for 7 on Tuesday at 11:45 and provide me with a reference number?
All right, I've made a reservation. Your reference number is OOG9KQ5V. What else can I do for you? 
hey, do you know any restaurants near me in the city?
There a lot of restaurants in the city, what kind are you looking for?
Never mind, I'm all set. I even have the reference number for my reservation. Thanks for your help - goodbye!
It was a pleasure to serve you. Please feel free to use our service again anytime. Have a good day. 
***
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre.
Do you have a preference on the type of food?
Yes.  I would like Greek food please.
I'm sorry there's no matches for greek food. 
Okay, can you search for british food instead then?
There are 3 restaurants that meet that criteria. May I suggest fitzbillies restaurant?
That sounds great. Could you book a table for 2 people at 15:45 on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : BSMDJMXH.  Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you that's all I need today. 
Okay, great. I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
***
I want something in the north that serves moroccan food .
there is no moroccan restaurant in the north. Do you want to try something else ?
Yes. Is there a french restaurant in the north part of town? 
Restaurant Two Two serves French food, and is located in the north part of town.
What is their phone number?
Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223 351880. Is there anything else I can do for you?
that's all, thanks!
Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a Spanish restaurant in the west side of town
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants matching your request.
How about a restaurant that serves British food?
We have three excellent options here. Do you prefer a moderate pricerange or expensive?
A moderate price range, please.
I found saint johns chop house.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, I just need an address with postcode and phone number.
The address is 21-24 Northampton Street, postcode: cb30ad and the phone number is 01223353110. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, you have been a great help. Thank you.
Thank you, goodbye
***
I am looking for a restaurnt in the west end that isn't too high priced.
saint johns chop house ?
Where is saint johns chop house?
it is at 21 - 24 Northampton Street
Is this in the west part of town and can I get the phone number?
Saint johns chop house is in west part of town. The phone number is 01223 353110.
What type of food do they serve? And to clarify, this is moderately priced, correct? 
Saint Johns Chop House is a British restaurant in the west which is moderately priced. 
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
I'd like a place that serves world food in the east part of town. 
Sorry but no world food restaurants in the east is found. can i provide you something else. 
How about Indian food?
Your options are Curry Prince, Pipasha Restaurant, Rajmahal, and Sitar Tandoori. Which one would you like more information regarding?
I would like the address and phone number of Curry Prince.
The curry prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388.  Can I help you with anything else today? 
No, thank you goobye.
thank you, goodbye
***
Hello, I'm looking for an Expensive Indian restaurant. What can you recommend? 
I found 14 expensive Indian restaurants. What location do you prefer?
Are there any in the centre location?
Panahar looks like a good choice. It's on Norfolk Street in the city centre.
That sounds great. Could you book me a table for Thursday for 2 people at 11:00?
Seems like I cannot make this reservation and should find another restaurant. Thank you
Um ok? well can you find a different restaurant in the same area and pricerange.
I was able to make you a reservation at Saffron Brasserie on Hills Road in City Centre for 2 people at 11:00 on Thursday. Your reference number is 9VCXTCZZ.
Thank you so much. Have a nice day!
You too. Thank you.
***
I would like a restaurant that serves brazilian food
There are no restaurants matching that description. Would you like a different type of food?
Korean might work. Are there any of those?
Little Seoul serves Korean food. It's an expensive restaurant that is located in the city centre. 
May I have the telephone number?
The number is 01223 308681. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye. 
thank you good bye
***
I would like a barbeque restaurant.
Where would you like to search for a restaurant, and what price range would you prefer?
I do not care about the price range or location. 
There are no restaurants serving barbeque.
Do you have an address, phone number and postcode for a North American food restaurant?
The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is at Regent Street City Centre, post code C.B 2, 1 A.B. The phone number is 01223 312598.
Thank you good bye. 
Thank you.
***
Are there cheap places to eat in the centre part of town?
There are several in that price range at the centre. What type of food would you like?  
Good I like chinese food please.
Charlie Chan looks great. Need a reservation?
Yes, I need a reservation for 7 people on Friday at 17:45.  Could I get the reservation number?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : VX834JA0.
Perfect. Thank you for all of your help. Have a good day.
You are most welcome. Thanks for contacting TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
***
I need help finding a place that serves spanish food and is located in the centre, can you help me?
La Tasca and La Raza serve Spanish food in the centre of town.  What price range would you prefer.
Price range isn't an issue. Can you book me at the one with the most stars please on Monday at 20:00 for 4 people please.
I've booked La Raza for Monday at 20:00, for four people.  Your reference number is LD696IB9. The reservation lasts 15 minutes. 
Thank you, that is everything that I need.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
***
I am looking for Golden House restaurant.
Golden house serves cheap Chinese food in the centre of town.
Great. Would you book a table for 1 on Sunday at 12:00, please?
I am sorry but the Golden House was not available on Sunday at 12:00. Can I find another restaurant for you perhaps?
Sure, can you find me something close-by that has comparable prices? And can I get the reference number please?
I was able to get you in at Charlie Chan, another inexpensive Chinese restaurant in the centre. Reference number P4K1B3X6. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all! Thanks.
Enjoy your meal and do not hesitate to call back if you need further assistance.
***
I need to find a restaurant in the north side of town
OK. Did you have a certain price range of cuisine in mind?
I don't have a price range. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves catalan food. 
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants listed serving catalan food in the north part of town.  Would you like to try something else? 
How about French type food?
restaurant two two is in the north area and serving french food, can I help you with anything else?
Yes. Can I get the name and phone number of one of those restaurants? 
Yes, Restaurant Two Two can be reached at 01223 351880.
What is the area again sorry ?
it is located in the north part of town
Thank you for your help. Have a great evening.
Thank you. Goodbye. 
***
Hey, are there any expensive restaurants in the centre?
There are thirty thee choices. Do you have a food type you would like to try?
I would like to just find something expensive and get the postcode please.
How about Bedouin? It's an expensive African restaurant in the centre, postcode cb12bd. Is there any other information you need?
Great that's all the information I needed today, thank you!
Your welcome! Have a great day!
Same to you! Goodbye.
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town. 
What kind of food would you like?
Don't care.
Meghna serves moderately priced Indian food and is in the West part of town.
Are there any other restaurants?
There is saint johns chop house with moderate pricing in the west part of town.
What is the address, phone number and postcode?
saint johns chop house is located at 21-24 northampton street. Its phone number is 01223 353110 and the postcode is CB30AD, Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, thank you. That'll do it.
Thank you, and have a great day!
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye!
***
l am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve gastropub food and should be in the center.
Alright, we have three restaurants available. Did you want it to be expensive or moderately priced?
It is a special occasion so I am hoping for an expensive place.
Okay, there's the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce. I recommend backstreet bistro. 
What is the address and post code for the one you say is best?
Backstreet bistro is located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre, cb12qa
Thanks so much, I don't need anything more today
You are very welcome, thank you as well. Have a great day, and let me know if you need any more assistance. 
***
I would like a restaurant that serves portuguese food
Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and is on the south part of town. Would you like the phone number?
what is their address
Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye. 
You're welcome. Good bye.
That is all I need. No further questions.
OK. Good bye.
***
I want to find a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town.
Sure thing. What type of food were you thinking about?
I would like to try some German food please.
I am not finding anything for german food. Something else perhaps?
Lets change it to chinese food, anything?
How about the Jinling noodle bar?
That sounds good. Can you book it for Sunday at 13:30 for 6 people?
Unfortunately, there are no bookings available. Can I try one of the other Chinese restaurants in the area? lan hong house or shanghai family restaurant?
As long as they are moderate priced. The shanghai sounds good.
The booking at the shanghai was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need a reference number for the booking.
The reference number is TG8VOAVX.  Do you need anything else?
No thank you that will be all.
Okay. Glad I could help. Enjoy dining there.
***
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the Centre. Can you help me find one? 
There are several expensive places in centre what type of food do you want 
Can you please try european food?
darrys cookhouse and wine shop is a favorite of mine.  Can I book a table for you?
That would be great. Can you book it for 5 people at 18:15 on Friday?
Okay, I've booked you a reservation and your reference number is BNS85603. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for the help that's all I need. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
***
I want to find an expensive restaurant 
There are many expensive restaurants in town. Is there a particular area or type of food you are looking for?
Something in the South part of town would be great. Any cuisine is fine.
chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food, is located in the south part of town, and is in the expensive price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes, please.
Chiquito restaurant bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.  Do you need the phone number?
Yes, please.
Their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and have a great day!
***
I need help finding a place to dine that is very expensive and is located in the centre.
There are a variety of restaurants that are expensive and are located in the centre. Is there a food type that you are interested in?
I will just take the first one on the list. Can you make a reservation for 5 at 16:00 this Tuesday?
Unfortunately Bedouin doesn't have anything available. Would you like me to keep going down the list?
Yes the next one down the list
Booking was a success. It'll be at kymmoy and the reference number is X651IF9F.
Just to be certain, does kymmoy share the same area and price range as Bedouin?
Yes it most certainly does.
Can you book that for me then?
Yes your booking reference number is X651IF9F.
Thank you very much for your help.
You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?
No that will be all. Thank you for all of your help.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves British cuisine.
We have six. Do you have a preferred area of town?
No preferred area but I need to know if I can book a table for Saturday.
What time on Saturday and for how many people were you looking to book for?
There will be 3 of us at 14:15.
I was able to book a table at the grafton hotel they also serve british. Your reference number is 1ULFDV2T. 
Thank you so much!
Enjoy the rest of you day
***
I'm looking for a restaurant called Mahal of Cambridge.
Sure, that's a great cheap Indian restaurant in the centre of town. What information do you need? 
Could you see if you can get me a table for 5 there at 12:00 on Friday?
Yes, I reserved that table for you.  Reference number 196SQORA.  Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you for reserving it, and just to make sure...can you please confirm the time and date of the booking?
That booking was made for Friday for a party of 5 at 12:00. Was that correct?
Yes, that's correct. Thank you.
Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's it. Thanks for your help!
Thank you. Goodbye!
***
I'm looking for a pricey Indian place. I wanna show off to my date.
I have many good expensive Indian restaurants in the Cambridge area. Is there a specific part of town you would prefer?
How about the center? i would like to book a table as well for 8 people at 16:45 on a Friday.
Unfortunately there are no tables available at that time. Would you prefer a different time or perhaps a different day?
Can you try booking it for 15:45 instead?
I was able to book that for you, the reference number is VKRSAFBU
Thank you very much, that is all for now. Goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your meal!
***
Yes I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the South of town.
I have many. Do you have a preference for type of food served?
Sorry, Actually I need an expensive restaurant in the north. the first on your list would be great.
Sure how about Saigon City?
Sounds great, can you book a table for 5 at 18:00?
Alright, which day would you like the reservation to be on?
Actually, I won't be needing a reservation just yet. Could you verify the type of food Saigon City serves?
Saigon City serves asian oriental cuisine. Would you need anything other information or assistance? 
Yes, could I get the restuarant's phone number and postcode?
Certainly. The phone number is 01223356555 and the postcode is cb41nl. Anything else I can do for you? 
No, that's it. You've been very helpful, thank you!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that is in the north part of town.
What kind of food would like?
Any
Da vinci pizzeria serves Italian food in the cheap price range and is in the North part of town.
Are there any other options?
royal spice serves indian food in the cheap price range and is in the North part of town.
That sounds great.  May I have their address please? 
royal spice's address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Thank you very much , bye bye
enjoy!
***
I need a place to eat that serves traditional food in the centre.
I am sorry there are no listings for that type of place, can I help you find one in another area?
Are there any cheap places to eat that serve traditional food in other areas of the city?
I am sorry but there is no traditional food in the cheap price range. Do you want a different type of cuisine or price range?
How about ones that serve italian food?
I have 3 cheap Italian restaurants located in the centre of the city. Would you like to hear them?
Yes please book a table for 1 on wednesday at 14:00 please.
Sure, I've booked you at Ask with reference number LK2P76OS. May I help with anything else?
No, that should be all, thanks!
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal. 
***
I am looking for some info on rice house restaurant.
Rice house has cheap food and is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre.  May I book a table for you?
Yes, I'd like a table for a party of 8 at 11:15 on Thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5MA263EB.
I was hoping to eat for longer than that. Any chance you could book it for at least one hour?
Your booking has been successful. There is no direct time limit for your meal once you arrive. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
OK thank you very much for your help.
You are very welcome! Have a great time! Goodbye! 
***
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves canapes food.
There are no records matching your criteria. Would you like a different type of food or area?
Is there a asian oriental type food available? 
Saigon City serves Asian Oriental food and is in the north part of town. Would you like the address and phone number?
Of course!
The address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 356555.
Thank you goodbye. 
your welcome. thanks for calling
***
Hi, I'd like to find an expensive cantonese restaurant. 
There are no restaurants in the area that match your preferences.  Is there anything else you'd be interested in?
How about North American food?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen serves North American food, is in the expensive price range, and is in the centre part of town. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, I would like their phone number and postcode, please. 
Gourmet Burger Kitchen's phone number is 01223 312598 and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.B. May I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for the information.  Goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
I want an expensive restaurant and serves european food. What is the phone number?
There is Cambridge Lodge Restaurant in the West area. Their phone number is 01223 355166. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank You
Thank you, goodbye!
***
I am looking for information on the Yippee Noodle bar.
Sure! Yipee Noodle Bar is a moderately priced Asian Oriental restaurant in the centre of town. What other other information can I get for you? 
can i get the address and phone number?
Sure, yippee noodle bar is located at 40428 King Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223518111. How else may  I assist you?
On second thought, could you book me a table for 5 people at 12:30 on Sunday?
The Yippee Noodle Bar doesn't have a table available at that time. Would you like to try another?
Sure, please try for 11:30 Sunday.  Still 5 people.  Thanks.
All right, your table is reserved. The reference number is GVNN1K5V. 
Thanks for your help.
No problem! Thank you, and have a nice day.
***
I'm looking for an indian restaurant in the south area of town. 
which price range are you looking for? 
I don't care. What have you found?
There is Taj Tandoori. Would you like the information?
Yes, please. phone number and address
Their phone number is 01223 412299 and their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Thank you. Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
Hi, I want a French restaurant in the expensive price range.
Cote is a French restaurant in the city centre and is in the expensive price range.
Could you please find me a different restaurant? 
Another option is Restaurant Two Two. Would you like more information on that restaurant?
What is the phone number and postcode? 
the phone is 	 01223 351880 and the postcode is C.B 4, 3 A.X
Thank you goodbye.
Enjoy your meal.  Goodbye.
Bye.
Thank you and have a great day!
***
I am looking for an expensive Danish place. 
Are you looking for a Danish restaurant?
Yes please.  In the centre of town.
I am sorry I have no listings for that type of restaurant, is there any other type of food you would like? 
Is there an expensive chinese restaurant in the centre?
Yes I was able to locate 4. Can I book a table for you?
Yes please,for tonight at 9 PM if possible.
I will make a booking for you at hk fusion, but I do need to know what day and time you prefer, and for how many people.
For four, Thursday, 11:45.
Booking unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant? 
Yes please in the same area and price range.
Booked at ugly duckling. Reference number: EQFGNMFY. Table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else that I can book for you or assist you with for your upcoming trip?
That was all I needed today thank you!
Thank you have a good day.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves Indian food.
do you have a preference as to what part of town? 
I don't care.
Curry prince is an indian restaurant, in the moderate price range and in the east. Do you want the address and phone number?
Indian food
Rajmahal is an Indian restaurant in the east part of town and in the moderate price range.   How does that sound?
May I have the phone number?
The phone number is 01223 244955.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you. 
You're welcome. 
***
I would like a restaurant that serves world food
Im sorry, there are no restaurants that serve world food. Can I help you with something else?
How about portuguese food?
Nandos serves Portuguese and is located in the south part of town and is in the cheap price range.
What is the phone number and address?
The phone number is 01223 327908, and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye. 
***
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve asian oriental food and should be in the centre
Okay. What price range would you like?
It should be in the cheap price range.
The dojo noodle bar is at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and meets your criteria. What time would you like to book?
I'd like to book a table for 1 at 12 on Tuesday.
OK, I will make you a reservation for 12:00 Tuesday for 1.  Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'll need the reference number of my reservation.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0C4KYZ3K.
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
You're welcome! Have a great day and enjoy your meal!
***
I would like an expensive Romanian restaurant, please.
There are no restaurants serving Romanian food.
How about korean food? 
Little Seoul is an expensive restaurant that serves Korean food.
What area is this in?
Little Seoul is located in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the address please 
little seoul is at 108 Regent Street City Centre
***
I would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves indonesian food
I don't see any Indonesian restaurants at all.  Would you like me to look for a different type of restaurant in the east?
How about a Chinese restaurant in the north? 
There are three Chinese restaurants in the north. Are you looking for a specific price range?
I'm sorry I meant a Chinese restaurant in the east. Any price range is OK.
How about Yu Garden. It is in the east part of town and serves Chinese food.
Okay, may I have the address, phone number and post code please?
The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, the postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A and the phone number is 01223 248882.
Thank you, goodbye.
Good bye
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. I would also like the address and phone number.
There is an Indian and a Chinese restaurant that are both moderately priced in the north area.  Would you like the address and phone for one of those?
Yes, I would like the address and phone number for each.
The Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton , and there address is 01223 350688.  The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton, and their phone number is  01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank You
You're welcome.
***
Hello, I'm looking for a modern european restaurant in the center.
Is there a particular price range that you would prefer?
Maybe something in the moderate range.
We have two such restarants, de luca cucina and bar on Regent Street, and riverside brasserie on Mill Lane. Do you have a preference?
Can you book 2 people at 19:30 on friday for Riverside brasserie. Can I get a reference number? Thank you. 
Sure thing, your reservation number is 3BADCF9I. Anything else I can help with today?
That actually takes care of all my needs! Thanks a ton!
Great, enjoy your dinner and have a nice day.  Thank you!
***
I want to find a place serving spanish food in the centre of town.
I have listings for two. What price range are you looking for?
Is one of them cheap?
Yes, La Raza is a cheap priced Spanish restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please make a reservation for Thursday at 16:15. There will be 7 of us.
I was unable to book this restaurant. would you like to try another one?
Could you please check for a different restaurant in the same area and pricerange.
Yes I will look for different restaurant.
Were you able to find anything?
We do not have another Spanish restaurant. Would you like chinese or italian perhaps?
Can you look for chinese restaurants please.
I have 3, charlie chan, rice house or golden house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
Okay yes pick one, perhaps the Golden House.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is C3NR2DW2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Okay. Glad I could help. Enjoy your dining experience.
Thanks so much. Have a great day!
Thank you for using our service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
***
I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range.
I have 2 asian oriental and 3 chinese places that fit your requirements. Do you have a preference?
Are there any italian ones?
There are 3 cheap italian restaurants in the centre, including a Pizza hut. Do you have any preferences?
No, I don't have any preferences. The Pizza Hut sounds good, can I get their phone number and postcode?
Sure, they can be reached at 01223323737 and are in the cb21ab postcode.  Anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I need for now. Thanks for your help.
Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
***
I'm interested in a place called restaurant one seven. What can you tell me about it?
Restaurant One Seven serves british food! It is moderately priced! 
Awesome! Can you book a table for me? 4 people at 15:30 on Monday. Thanks!
Okay I have you booked there for Monday at 15:30 and your reference number is 0J39OJVT.
Great thank you! That's all I need. 
It was my pleasure to help you. Please feel free to call us again in the future. Have a nice day. 
***
I am looking for Italian food on the south side of the city.
Do you prefer moderately priced or expensive? 
No preference, please.
I have Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton which is in the moderate price range and Frankie and Bennys which is in the more expensive price range. Which would you prefer?
I'll pass on the Pizza Hut. Yuck. Let's go with Frankie & Benny's. Can I get a table for 1 on Sunday at 12:15 please? 
Your table is booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is C6EU44QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I wanted the reservation for 12:15, is that what you booked for me? 
Yes, you have a reservation for 1 person, at 12:15 on Sunday, at frankie and bennys. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
Great! Enjoy your meal, let me know if I can help with anything else.
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant serving cuban food. 
I'm sorry we do not have any Cuban restaurants in the moderate price range.   Would you like a different food type?
Is there any restaurants that serve british food?
Fitzbillies restaurant serves British food. Would you like more information about this location?
Can I have their phone number?
Fitzbillies restaurant's number is 01223 352500.  Would you like the address as well?
No thanks, that is all!
You're welcome, enjoy your food.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
***
I am looking for a moderately priced Chinese restaurant.
There are a great number of Chinese restaurants in town!  Is there a specific area you'd like me to check in, or do you have a price range in mind?
How about the center in a moderate price range.
Jinling Noodle Bar will meet your needs. Would you like to make a reservation? 
Yes, please. Do they have any openings on Monday at 17:45? There will be 2 of us.
Unfortunately there are no tables at that time, do you have another time?
Hmm, well ok. How about at 16:45 instead? 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JZ0Q7BT0. Is there anything else I can help you with?

No, that will be all.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Hi.  Can you tell me if any restaurants in the area serve halal food?
I apologize, there are no restaurants in the area that serve halal food. Would you like another type of food?
How about Portuguese food?
Nandos is serves portuguese food, is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes, phone number and address please.
there phone number is 01223327908 and there address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is all I needed to know.  Have a good day.
Thank You
Goodbye
Goodbye.
***
Hello. I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
The missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.  Would you like their location? 
I want to know their address, phone number, and type of food, please
The Missing Sock serves International food and is located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.  The phone number is 01223 812660.
Thank you, that is all I needed to know.  Have a good night.
Thank you for using our system. Good night 
***
Can I get a korean restaurant in the town centre?
Little Seoul is located in the town centre
Can you tell me the address, phone number, and postcode of Little Seoul, please?
Sure, Little seoul is located at 108 Regent street City Centre. Its phone number is 01223 308681 and the postcode is CB21DP. Is there anything I can help you with? 
Thank you, goodbye.
thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range
Hello. What type of food are you looking for? There are 21 locations that fit these criteria. 
I am looking for one that serves Turkish food.
I have Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Do you have a preference?
No, I just need the address of one of them.
Very well, the address for Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
thank you for the help
You're welcome. May I help with anything else?
No, I think I have everything I need. Thanks!
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
great day too
Thanks for using our services.
***
I am looking for international food anywhere in town. 
There are 3 results for international restaurants. Do you care about the price range?
I don't care
bloomsbury restaurant serves international food and is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street.  Their phone number is 0871 942 9180.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you, have a wonderful day!
***
Is there an expensive restaurant any where in the south part of town? 
There are Mexican, italian, chinese and indian restaurants on the south part of town in the expensive price range. Do you have a particular type?
Italian sounds good.  Can you give me an address and phone number?
The phone number for Frankie and Bennys is 01223 412430. Can I help you with anything else?
That will do it. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Thank you and goodbye.
***
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre.
There are 33 restaurants in the area. What type of food are looking to eat? 
I would like Japanese food. 
I have found Wagamama that is an expensive Japanese restaurant located in the Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, can I make a reservation for 4 people at 17:30 on sunday?
Unfortunately I wasn't able to get that reservation. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Yes, I need to find another place like that one though.
I am sorry there are no others in that area, would a different area be okay?
Maybe try one more time, any type of food, exepensive, in the centre of town. 
Okay, I've booked you at Little Seoul, a korean place that is expensive in the centre, with reference number PTWG73V3. May I help with anything else?
No thank you. Goodbye
Okay. Enjoy your dining experience.
***
Yes I would like to find a restaurant that is in the cheap price range on the west side of town.
Would you prefer italian or vietnamese food?
Italian. Would you reserve a table for 5 for me? I'd like that to be at 14:00 on Tuesday.
Booking was unsuccessful for la margherita. Would you like me to try booking for the Vietnamese restaurant called thanh binh?
Sure, let's do that. 
I reserved a table for you at Thanh Binh.  The reference number is XX1TF9GV.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks for all your help
You're welcome! Have a great day!
***
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called j restaurant.
That is a great cheap restaurant located in the city centre.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes please 2 people at 16:45 on tuesday
Your booking is confirmed, 2 people on Tuesday at 16:45 for J Restaurant. Reference is H9ZG8N17. Can I help with anything else? 
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you. Goodbye.
***
I want to find a restaurant in the centre and serving japanese food.
There's a very nice Japanese restaurant in the center of town, it's pretty expensive.
That's OK because it's for a special occasion. Can you give me the phone number?
Yes,  It's 01223462354.  What else can I help you with?
No thank you, goodbye
You're welcome.  Good bye.
***
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve european food.
There are 5 that fit your criteria, 3 in the centre of town are eraina, michaelhouse cafe, darrys cookhouse and wine shop and city stop restaurant north and cambridge lodge restaurant west.
What do you recommend?
I personally recommend Eraina. Would you like a table booked?
Yes please, can I get a table for 6 at 13:45 on Tuesday?
Sure thing, you are booked with ref. # RC9WCTWX. 
Thanks so much.  Have a nice day.  .
My pleasure. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a fantastic day!
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the phone number?
da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range. Their phone number is 01223 351707
Thank you. Goodbye. 
Enjoy your dinner! 
***
I want to find a place to eat that serves indian food in the centre of town.
There are 9 restaurants that fit that description. Are you looking for a cheap or expensive restaurant?
Price range doesn't matter. Which restaurant out of the 9 do you recommend?
I'd recoment the Mahal of Cambridge.  It's inexpensive, and conveniently located.  Would you like me to book you?
That sounds fine. Can you book for 4 people at 19:30 on sunday? 
Booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to look at another location?
Yes. Can you find me something that is available in the same area and price range?
How about the ghandi?
Ok lets try there.
Your all set. Reference number is HKBDRN69. Anything else?
No thank you.
Okay. Thanks so much for calling. Enjoy your evening!
***
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves British food. It should be in the moderate price range.
How about The Oak Bistro? It's located in the Centre. Would you like more information or to book a table?
The Oak Bistro sounds fabulous. Can I get a table there on Sunday at 18:30? There will be 6 of us.
Booked! Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Reference number is HMWK23P8.
That's great. I think that's all I need.
Enjoy your meal and thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day.
***
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serving Turkish food.
There are three restaurants serving Turkish food in the center of town. What price range would you like?
I do not care about the price range.
anatolia is a turkish restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre. It is located at 30 bridge street city centre and its phone number is 01223 362372. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you, Goodbye!
***
I would like a restaurant in the centre and in the moderate price range.
The Yippee Noodle Bar is a moderate priced Asian Oriental restaurant.  Does that sound good?
No, the restaurant should serve modern european food.
Sure I have at least two choices for you. One is the De Luca Cucina and Bar and the other is the Riverside Brasserie. Both are located in the center. Would either of them interest you?
Let's try the Brasserie.
If you'd like a reservation I will need to know what day and time you'd like your reservation and how many will be in your party.
Just 1 person at 13:15 on thursday
You're all set your reference number is IVGZLYTZ
Thanks.  That's all I need!
Alright, thank you. Goodbye!
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves Belgian food.
I have nothing available meeting your request, would you like to try a different price range or another type of cuisine?
Yes, is there any expensive European eateries?  
Yes, there are 4 expensive restaurants serving european food. Which area would you like? 
What is the address of the restaurant?
Michaelhouse Cafe is at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre. How does that sound?
What is its phone number?
The phone number is 01223 309147.
Okay, thanks. And what area is it in please?
It is in the centre part of town.
That's good, thanks. 
Would you like anything else?
That's all. Thank you, goodbye!
your welcome. thanks for calling
***
I'm looking for a restaurant named hakka
The hakka is a chinese restaurant in the north area. Would you like to make a booking today?
Can I make a book a table for 7 people on thursday at 12:15?
I apologize but I was not able to book you for the restaurant. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
Is there another restaurant in the same area that is in the same price range?
Saigon City is also in the expensive price range and on the north side of town. They have asian oriental cuisine. Shall we try there?
Yes please for 7 people at 12:15 on thursday please. I will need the reference number too 
I have booked a reservation at 12:15 for 7 people on Thursday. The reference number is KLOFPFUM. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's perfect. Thank you so much.
Thank you for using our system!
Have a nice day, good bye. 
If there is anything else, don't hesitate to contact us again.  Good bye.
***
Hi, could you tell me the phone number and address of the nearest Mexican restaurant?
Chiquito restaurant bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you, goodbye.
your welcome good bye
***
I would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town
There is portuguese and chinese restaurants that are cheap in the south part of town. Which do you prefer?
Either is fine, could you provide me their address and post code?
Nandos address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and thier post code is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
I would like to know which type of food Nandos is serving. 
Nandos serves Portuguese food. Will there be anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat located in centre of town. Can you help?
Yes I have many to choose from . Could we narrow it down by cuisine? What type of food sounds good to you?
You know, I'd really love some latin american food. How about that?
While we have lots of expensive restaurants in the center of town, none of them serve Latin american food. Would you like another cuisine?
Sure, I like Indian food.
Oh yes, we have several Indian restaurants! I recommend Panahar, located at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre. Would you like a table there?
Yes please. Book one for Saturday at 19:45. There will be 3 people.
There doesn't seem to be any availability for Saturday at 19:45. Is there another time slot, or possibly another day, that would work for you? 
Let's try an hour earlier.
The booking was successful at 18:45.  Your reference number is : XLWRECBF.  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you for calling, enjoy!
***
I am looking for Ian hong house
That is a chinese restaurant in the centre of town.
Ok I'd like to book for 6 people at 1400 on saturday please
I have that booked for you and here is your reference number: XDYJMTO7. Is there anything else?
No, you were super efficient. Thank you. Goodbye.
It was my pleasure. Have a great day!
***
I am looking for a restaurant called the Slug and Lettuce.
I found a listing for the Slug and Lettuce.  The address is 34 - 35 Green Street in the center of town.  It serves gastropub food. 
that sounds great. Could you make a reservation at 16:00 for 2 people this Saturday?
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different restaurant or different day and time? 
Yes, is there anything else in the same vicinity and the same general price range?
I have Backstreet Bistro and The Cow Pizza Kitchen Bar. They both serve gastropub food. Which one do you prefer?
Nah, either one is fine. I need a reference number though.
Ok, I have booked you at the backstreet bistro. Reference number 42VFS0SM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you for your help!
Okay. Glad I could help.
***
Can you find me a restaurant with a moderate price range?
That will be no problem. We have 31 moderately priced restaurants in the city. Is there a cuisine you'd prefer?
I'll just take the first one on the list. Can you make a reservation for 6 at 15:30 on Saturday?
I've book you at lan hong house, located at 12 Norfolk Street City Centre. Your reference number is XPQ6J119. 
Thank you so much! 
May I help you with anything else such as lodging or area attractions?
No thank you. Thank you for your help.
Let us know if you need help, good day. 
***
Do you have any restaurants that serve caribbean food?
There are no Caribbean restaurants. Would you like something else?
What about a restaurant that serves Chinese food? What is their phone number?
There are many Chinese restaurants to choose from. Do you have a preferred area of town?
no, it doesn't matter 
Let me provide you with a couple options, Charlie Chan- phone 01223 361763 or Golden House - phone 01842 753771
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
***
I would like to find a restaurant in the centre. 
There are several good restaurant options in that area. Is there a specific type of food you are looking for?
I need it to be in the expensive price range. What are my options?
There are quite few expensive places there with many food types from african to turkish. Perhaps you would like local food - there are several expensive british restaurants.
Lets go with the Turkish one. Can I get the address and postcode please?
The address is 196 Mill Road City Centre, postcode cb13nf.
Thanks for the information. Goodbye.
Enjoy your meal at the Meze Bar Restaurant. Goodbye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves gastropub food. 
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar serves Gastropub food and is in the moderate price range.
May I please have the phone number?
01223 308871 Will that be all?
Thank You that's all
You're welcome!
***
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. What is the phone number?
golden wok is in the moderate price range and is in the north area of town. 
Is there anything else in the expensive range in the north area of town?
Yes, there is an expensive French restaurant called restaurant two two .
What is the phone number of that one please?
the phone number of it is 01223 351880.
What is the phone number?
Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223 351880. How else may I assist you?
That is all. Thank you. 
My pleasure.  Goodbye.
***
Hi, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area where I can eat russian food.
Unfortunately, there aren't any russian restaurants in that location. Would you like another type of food, or perhaps a different location?
Then how about one that serves chinese food?
There are 5 such restaurants. I recommend the rice house. Would you like a reservation?
Yes could you make a booking for 8 people at 16:00 on thursday?
The rice house if booked full for that time. I could try the Charlie Chan, or the Golden House for you, if you wish.  
Sure that's fine try any one of those. I'll need the reference number too please.
I was able to book you a table at the Jinling Noodle Bar on Regent Street.  Your reference number is GJPTB7CD.  Is that all for today?
Yes that will be all.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.
Enjoy your meal at the jinling noodle bar. Have a great day.
***
I'd like to find an expensive gastropub, should you have such a beast.
I show 3. they are in the expensive price range. 2 are in the centre and 1 is in the east. May I book a table for you?
Yes, can you find out if any of them have an opening at 11:45 on Wednesday for 6 people?
Yes, Backstreet Bistro has an opening for 6 people at 11:45 on Wednesday.
Please book it them and please let me have the reference number when you are done.
It turns out, they were all booked, but I was able to get you a table at the slug and lettuce with reference number PGV6HF9F. May I help with anything else?
No but I will try that place.
Have a great day!
Thank you! 
Enjoy your visit and do not hesitate to call if you need any more assistance.
***
I'm looking for a place to dine.
Certainly. What type of food interests you?
I like ethnic food, particularly Indian food.
Great, I have a bunch of options for you. Do you have a certain area and price range you are looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve indian food.
There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Which area do you prefer? 
Area does not matter to me. Please Book it for 5 people at 19:30 on Wednesday. I also need the reference number.
I'm sorry, sir, I'm having trouble making that booking. Would you like to try for a different time or a different day?
Yes, Please book 5 people at 18:30. I also need the reference number.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is XOT3L3NR.

Thank you, good bye!
Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
***
I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. 
What type of cuisine would you prefer?
i dont care.
The chiquito restaurant bar is in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range. Would you like their location? 
Are there any others?
Yes, there is frankie and bennys, italian restaurant in the expensive price range and in south. Do you want the address? 
I would like the phone number and postcode, please.
The phone number for frankie and bennys is  01223 412430 and postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Nope, that'll do it. Thank you very much!
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
I want to find an expensive restaurant located in Cambridge centre.
What type of food would you like?
I am in the mood for Chinese food, please.
I have found 4 restaurants that fit that description. How does HK Fusion sound?
Perfect. I need a table for 1 at 19:45 on thursday.
OK I have that booked the reference number is EBZIPGV2.
Great that is all I need. Thanks.
You're welcome, please call us again in the future. Have a great day.
Will do! Thank you, hope you have an amazing day as well.
I am glad the Cambridge TownInfo centre helped you. Goodbye. 
***
Find a moderately priced place for me please.
What type of food do you want?
I don't care. 
which area would you like? 
On the east side of town, please.
rajmahal is a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. 
Great! what is the phone number? 
the phone number is 01223 244955, Is there anything I can help you with? 
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
***
I am looking for Italian food in the north part of town.
da vinci pizzeria is an italian restaurant located in the north part of town
May I have the address and phone number of da vinci pizzeria?
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223 351707. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Please enjoy your day.
***
I am looking for a korean restaurant in the centre.
Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Can I get the phone number and price range?
The phone number for Little Seoul is 01223 308681 and is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre
Thank you, goodbye
Have a good day!  Goodbye. 
***
Can I get a cantonese restaurant?
I'm sorry there are no cantonese restaurants. Would you like something else?
How about Chinese?
There are several chinese restaurants in town.  Would you prefer something in the cheap, moderate or expensive price range? 
I would like the phone number for a moderately priced chinese restaurant. 
How about shanghai family restaurant?  Its number is 01223 301761.
Thank you goodbye.
You're very welcome. Have a good evening. 
***
I am looking for a Thai restaurant - any area will do.
Bangkok city is an expensive Thai restaurant in the centre of town.  
can i have its phone number and postcode ?
Bangkok City's phone number is 01223 354382 and their postcode is C.B 2, 3 J.X. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using this system, goodbye!
***
I am looking for Korean food, in the Centre of town.
There is one Korean restaurant in the centre, Little Seoul.  Would you like the address and phone number?
Is it in the expensive price range? 
Yes, it is expensive. Are you interested in booking a table there?
Yes book a table, thank you.
Can you please give me a day and time that you would like to book a table for?
13:45 on monday and a table for 7 please. I will need a reference number too.
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a different time preference?
No. How about finding another restaurant in the same area and price range.
How about Kymmoy? It's an Asian restaurant in Expensive price range, located in Centre area.
Sure, try booking that one for the same people, date, and time, please.
I've booked your table for 7 people on Monday at 13:45 at Kymmoy. Your reference number is 1MS5BUU6. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your assistance!
I was happy to help, enjoy your meal.
***
Are there any expensive British restaurants in town?
There are 57 restaurants that match your specifications. Do you want anything more specific?
Yes, I'd like to find one in the west side of town.
I have two restaurants that meet your needs, Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Would you like to make a reservation at one of those? 
Yes, I need to book a table for five people at 17:15 for this Thursday.
I am unable to book a restaurant at that time on Thursday. Is there another day or time slot I can check for you?
Will you check 16:15?
A reservation at 16:15 was successful at Graffiti. Your reference number is VCCP7L4M. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you so much.   Have a nice day.  Bye.
You're welcome, have a good meal. 
***
Can you help me find a Turkish restaurant in the expensive price range please?
I have meze bar restaurant at 196 Mill Road City Centre.
That sounds perfect! 
Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 7 people at 13:15 on monday.
Reference number is : TXBU904T.
Thank you for your help
Thank you for allowing me to help you today. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking for a nice, expensive restaurant on the south side of town.
I have 5 restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
Can you find out if any of then can take a reservation at 7:15 pm on Wednesday for 8 people?
I see that out of the five restaurants, four are able to accommodate your reservation. Would you prefer Chinese, Italian, Indian or Mexican cuisine?
Mexican sounds good.
I have successfully booked it.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 7:15:PM. Your reference number is X4TB06R2.
Perfect! Thank you!
Great. Have a great mexican meal!
***
I am looking for a asian restaurant in the centre
I have 4 listings,can I get a price range you are looking for?
Yes, I'd prefer mid-range please.
That sounds like the Yippee Noodle Bar. Could I book it for you?
I'm sorry could you check again but in the cheap price range?
I found two restaurants: Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant. Which one of these do you prefer?
Do either have a table available at 17:00 on Friday for 5 people?
Yes, I reserved a table at J Restaurant for you.  Reference number is BM3N0SUH, and the table will be held for 15 minutes.  Will that be all?
Yes that will be all, thank you
Have a nice time, let us know if you need anything else. 
***
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west.
name is tnahh binh
Pardon?  Is that the name of a restaurant?
Yes, there is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west called Thanh Binh.
What is the address and phone number?
The address for the vietnamese restaurant Thanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a chinese food restaurant in the centre. 
There are ten chinese restaurants in the centre area, do you have a preference for price range?
No, I don't care. Can you recommend your favorite?
I like the Lan Hong House. It's moderately prices, but good. Should I book a reservation?
Yes please check to see if there is booking for 2 people at 12:30 on sunday.
I'm sorry there are no available bookings for that time. Would you like to try something else?
Yes, how about a different restaurant in the same area and price range? 
You should try lan hong house , it is a nice place.Would you like the address ?
***
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve british food
Travellers rest is amazing. would you like a reservation?
Yes I need table for 6 people at 12:15 on saturday
Your party of 6 is booked for Saturday at 12:15. Your reference number is 6W59CFFR. Is there anything else?
No, thanks for your help!
You're quite welcome!
***
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Malaysian food. 
No matches found for cheap Malaysian food
How about Italian food?
What area would you like the restaurant to be in?
I don't care. 
zizzi cambridge is a cheap Italian restaurant in the Cambridge area
address and phone number please
Zizzi Cambridge in the centre of the city. They are located at 47-53 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223 365599. 
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you and have a great day!
***
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre
I have to cotto that meats those requirements they serve british food.
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre. The restaurant should serve modern european food
riverside brasserie looks lovely. would you like a reservatioN?
Yes please. Can I get one for Thursday at 17:00 for 6?
I have booked that for you and your reference number is EU6J389K. Anything else I can help with?
That should be it. Thank you.
You are more than welcome!
***
I need a cheap place to dine please.
We have 22 inexpensive restaurants. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I don't care about the type of food. I need a reservation for Wednesday night.
I can book you for dojo noodle bar, how many should I book for and what is the preferred time?
Is dojo noodle bar in the centre of town? I need something in that area, please.
It is.  How many people will there be and what time would you like on Wednesday?
The reservation needs to be for 2 for 17:00 on Wednesday evening. Do they have a table then?
The booking was unsuccessful. Would like to book it at another time?
No. It needs to be t 17:00. Another restaurant in the same area and price range would work. 
Okay I booked you into the J Restaurant that also serves Asian food in the cheap price range and your reference number is 7MUMBMFD.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
***
Please help me find a restaurant that serves british food near the centre of town.
There are seven restaurants in the centre of town that serve british food ranging from moderate to expensive. Is there a particular price range you are looking for?
I don't care about the price.
Ok then. I suggest the oak bistro. It's located at 6 Lensfield Road. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks, but could I please have the postcode?
The post code is cb21eg.  Can I assist you further?
Can you please tell me the phone number?
The phone number is 01223323361.
Great, thanks for all your help.
No problem. Did you need anything else?
Nope, that covers all my needs. Thanks.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
***
Can you help me find a restaurant by the name of Loch Fyne?
Yes! The restaurant is at The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book tickets?
Please book a table for 8 people at 18:15 on friday.
I am sorry there are no reservations at that time, can I find you another restaurant that fits what you are looking for?
Please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
I will found you a different restaurant.
Very well. I really need a reliable booking, make sure you give me a reference number, I don't want any confusion when I get there.
How does The Cambridge Chop House sound? It serves british food?
That would be good. I would like to try that one if you recommend it.
I was able to successfully book that for you, the reference number is 8JKPEA74.  Can I assist with anything else?
No that will be all. Thanks!
You're welcome Have a nice day.
***
looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range
Is there an area of town or type of cuisine you have in mind?
Yes, I would like to find something in the south but i dont care food type.
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese food restaurant located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 354755.
Thank you!
Thank you, and have a good day.
***
I need some cheap Caribbean eats somewhere.
I'm sorry.  I was unable to find a restaurant with those criteria.  Would you like to try a different type of restaurant or price range?
I would like the restaurant to be in the centre.
The Dojo Noodle Bar in in the centre.  It serves Asian Oriental food.  Can I reserve that for you?
No, I'm not in the mood for that. Maybe something Indian, though. Are there any of those?
Yes, there are three cheap indian restaurants in the centre. I'd suggest Kohinoor, as it's my favorite. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book a table for 8 people at 14:15 on friday.
I'm sorry, that time is not available at Kohinoor. Would you like me to find another restaurant for you?
Another in the same area and price. 
I was able to book The Ghandi, reference number is 6GPZKTWV
Thank you so much!
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will do it for now.  Bye.
Goodbye and thank you. 
***
Could really use some grub.
Sure. Is there any part of town that you'd like to look for food in?
Somewhere in the centre. I'm looking for some traditional food. 
I'm sorry, but there aren't any traditional restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another cuisine?
Ok, how about lebanese food?
Ali Baba is a great restaurant that fits exactly what you are looking for. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, please book me a table for 2 people at 12:00 on wednesday.
I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Is there another day or time you could eat?
How about at 11:00 instead?
Your reservation for 11:00 was successful and your reference number is Q1XUDH9Y. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Wonderful.  Thanks for your help today.  Bye.
Thank you,  have a good day. Goodbye.
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town
May I suggest curry prince, a moderately priced indian restaurant in the east? 
No, the west part of town
Indian, Italian and British restaurants are available in the west part of town for a moderate price.  Would you like more information on any or all of these?
What is the address?
Did you want the address for an Indian, Italian, or British restaurant?
I don't have a preference as long as it's moderately priced and in the west part of town. 
Meghna is an Indian restaurant, it is in the moderate price range, and it is in the west part of town. The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.
***
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves fusion food. 
I'm sorry, there are no fusion restaurants listed in the cheap price range.  Would you like to try something else? 
How about mediterranean food? 
There are two restaurants serving Mediterranean food in the expensive price range. Your options are La mimosa or Shiraz restaurant.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?
La Mimosa's address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton, phone number 01223362525.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
I need a cheap restuarant. Probably in the west part of town
How about La Margherita?
What kind of food do they serve?
la margherita is an italian restaurant in the area of west in the cheap price range. 
That sounds good. What is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 315232.
that was all I needed.  Bye now.
Goodbye
***
I'd like to find a moderately priced chinese restaurant.
Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in North.
Can you give me the address, phone number, and area code?
The Golden Wok is at 191 Histon Road Chesterton, post code C.B 4, 3 H.L. The phone number is 01223 350688.
Thank you very much for the address of the golden wok!
You're welcome. good bye!
***
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant that serves british food. What is the address and phone number?
There are 5 moderately price restaurants that serve British food. Is there an area of town that would work best for you?
I do not care.  Please suggest one.
saint johns chop house serves british food, is in the west area of town and is in the moderate price range
What is their address and phone number?
the phone number is 01223353110 and the address is 21-24 Northampton Street, is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, goodbye. 
Thank you.
***
Can you find a restaurant in the west that serves british food?
There are 3 different restaurants that match your inquiry. Would you like to know more about them?
I would like to see if one has a table available at 20:00 on Tuesday for 4 people.
Okay I put in a reservation for you at Saint Johns Chop House. The reference number is 5CTS8F6C. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that will do thank you very much.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking for places to eat in the North part of town.
its called city stop restaurant, serves european food and address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton
Is it a cheap restaurant?
No, it is expensive.
I need a cheap place, please.
Royal spice is cheap and looks great.
Thanks, will you please book a table for 6 people on saturday at 12:45?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : Q91F26L3.
Perfect! Thank you for all of your help.
You're more than welcome. May I do anything else for you today?
Wait, I might want to change my mind about that restaurant. Are there any that serve food from Corsica?
No, there are none fitting that description, sir. Sorry about that.
I figured, my wife asks me odd random question sometimes, had to check.   I am all set, thanks.
Do you need any further assistance?
No, thank you. No further questions for now. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services.
***
I am looking for a restaurant serving vegetarian food. 
we do not have any restaurant serving vegetarian food.  Can I help you with anything else?
Can you look for Vietnamese restaurants then?
Thanh binh serves vietnamese food. They are located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like more information? 
No, thank you.
Goodbye.
Goodbye. 
good bye.
***
I am looking for a Malaysian restaurant in the east part of town.
There are no Malaysian restaurants on the east side of town.
How about indian food?
Curry Prince serves Indian food and is on the east side of town.
Perfect, may I have the address and phone number please?
The phone number for curry prince is 01223 566388 and they are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Can I help you with anything else today? 
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
Goodbye.
***
how about a turkish restaurant?
There are three turkish restaurants.  Would you prefer one in the moderate or expensive price range? 
Moderate price range please
Anatolia is a nice restaurant serving Turkish food in the moderate price range.
Are there any other Turkish restaurants in that price range?
There is also Efes Restaurant in the moderate price range. It is located in the centre of town.
That sounds lovely.  May I have the address and phone number, please?
The address is King Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 500005. Will there be anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome and thank you for calling us. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. 
There are two Indian and one Italian restaurant. Which would you prefer?
The Italian place and the address, please.
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is an Italian restaurant on the East side of town. The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Thank You
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for caffe uno, can you help me find where it is?
Absolutely! Caffe uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
Great! I would like to book a table for 1 at 18:15 on Friday.
I was unable to reserve a table at that time. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
yes, how about another restaurant in the same area and price range?
How about Bedouin, they serve African Cuisine.
That sounds good as long as it's in the same area and price range. I'll need the reference number too please.
Great, your reference number is K3TPR6UI. Anything else?
No thank you. Good bye.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
***
I'd like a restaurant in the north part of town that is in the medium price range.
What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care 
The golden wok serves Chinese food, is located in the north part of town and in the moderate price range.
is there another one as well?
Yes, there is also The Nirala which is an Indian restaurant.  Would you be interested in more information on that one?
Yes could you give me the phone number for The Nirala?
Their number is 01223 360966.
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the north part of town
Thank you goodbye.
Have a nice day. 
***
I need the name and phone number for a cantonese restaurant on the west side of town.
Do you have any preference regarding price range?
No.
There are no Cantonese restaurants located in West. Are you interested in another type of cuisine?
Vietnamese sounds good.
Thanh Binh is in the west part of town. Would you like the phone number?
YES PLEASE AND THE ADDRESS AS WELL.
The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you good bye.
You are welcome.  Goodbye.
***
Yes, I'm looking for a Cuban restaurant in the Centre.
I don't see any Cuban restaurants in the Centre. Would you like to look for Cuban restaurants in another location?
Hmm okay can you search for chinese food instead then please?
There are 10 entries here. I recommend charlie chan.
That sounds great. Can I have their phone number and address? 
Their phone number is 01223361763. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can I please get their postcode and address?
It is Regent Street City Centre, CB21DB
Thank you very much, that's all the information that I need.
You're welcome. If you need anything in the future, feel free to check back with us. Enjoy your stay!!
Thanks again for the help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Please let us know if we can help any further. Have a great day.
***
I would like a cheap restaurant in the south part of town. 
Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant in South. Is this OK?
What is the price range there?
Nandos is in the cheap price range.
Excellent. What is their address and phone number?
The phone number and address are 01223 327908 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Thank you, goodbye! 
You're welcome.  Good bye.
***
Hello. I would like to know if you serve African food. If you do, can I please get the address, phone number and postcode of the venue?
Bedouin is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre. It's phone number is 01223367660 and it's postcode is C.B 1, 2 B.D
Thank you! Good bye!
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Good bye!
What is the price range?
Bedouin is in the expensive price range.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
Is there anywhere that serves British fish and chips around here?
There are a lot of restaurants that serve British food. Do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
I'd like something downtown and moderately priced
We do not have any restaurant downtown, would you like me search in a different area?
Any area is fine, really. It should be moderately priced however. 
I found four British restaurants in centre and one in east.  Which area would be more convenient?
East, please.
I found cotto, a moderate british restaurant in the east. Do you like the address and phone number? 
Yes, I would like the address and phone number, please.
The address is 183 East Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223302010. 
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you, have a nice day!
***
Hi! I need a restaurant that serves Chinese food please!
There are quite a few Chinese restaurants. Are you looking for one in particular area or price range?
Yes.  I would like an expensive one please.
What about Hakka? It is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the north part of town. 
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town. Are there any available?
I have a listing for ugly duckling,would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please, I would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on Wednesday. I would also like a reference number please.
I have Tang Chinese open then, Reference number is : 1AZI69I4. Need anything else?
That is everything. Thanks!
You are welcome. Enjoy your meal at Tang Chinese.  Good Bye.
***
I'd like information about a restaurant in South that serves English food.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in the south that serve english food. Can I look for something else?
How about chinese food?
There are three restaurants that serve Chinese food in the south part of town. What price range would you like?
cheap price range
The Lucky Star is the only Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like any specific contact information for them?
Yes, I would like to know the address please 
The lucky star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Thank you, Goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye!
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.
There are 14 restaurants in the west. Are you looking for a particular cuisine? 
I would like christmas food.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants listed serving Christmas food.  Would you like to try a different kind of food? 
How about british food?
There are 3 british restaurants in the west. Do you like moderate or expensive price range? 
Either one is fine. 
Graffiti is an expensive restaurant serving british food in the west. Would you like the phone number, address, or postcode?
 I want the address and phone number.
the address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road and the phone number is 01223 277977
Thank you goodbye. 
Goodbye.
***
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that sells north indian food.
Unfortunately there is not hotel with those characteristics. perhaps you could try other types of cuisine?
I'm looking for a restaurant, not a hotel. Can you try again? 
My apologies. I meant to say restaurant not hotel. Unfortunately, there aren't any restaurants that are that price range that serve north indian food. 
Okay. How about one that serves italian food? 
We have 5 locations that match your criteria. What area of town would you like it in?
I would like it to be in the east area of town please.
The Pizza Hut in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton seems to meet your requirements.
Sounds good, can I get the phone number and postcode, please?
The number there is 01223323737 and the postcode is cb58wr.  Anything else?
That is all! Thank you! 
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
***
Find me expensive restaurant that serves international food.
My apologies.  I could not find any restaurants that serve International food in the expensive price range.
British.
fitzbillies restaurant serves British food, is located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range. 
What is the phone number?
It's 01223352500.  Would you like the address?
No, you've covered it all, I believe. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome. 
***
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves kosher food.
In which area would you like to find a Kosher restaurant in the expensive price range?
I do not care about the location. 
There are no Kosher restaurant in the expensive price range. Is there another food type or price range that you would like?
How about Korean food in the expensive price range?
There is a Korean restaurant in the expensive price range in the centre area of town. Would you like their information?
Yes, I would like their address please. 
The address of Little Seoul Korean restaurant is 108 Regent Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, 1 D.P
Thank you.  That is all of the info that I needed.  Good bye.
You're welcome.  Good bye.
***
Please provide me information on the restaurant one seven.
Restaurant one seven serves British food in the centre area at moderate prices. Would you like to book there?
Yes I would like to book a table for 3 people at 20:00 on Wednesday. 
I have you booked for a table of 3 at 20:00 on Wednesday, would you like a confirmation receipt?
Yes, please give me the reference number.
I am sorry the Booking was unsuccessful can I help you find another place in the same area and price range?
I am disappointed but willing to try another place in the same area and price range. What do you recommend?
There are 21 different restaurants that follow those criteria. Did you want to stay within the british theme or try something else?
Yes, we can stick to British please
The Oak Bistro was available to be booked, your reference number is EO5VQ6EJ.
Thanks for all of your help you were great!
You're welcome! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Enjoy your meal!
***
I'm looking for a place to eat that is japanese that is in the mid price range please.
I'm sorry I do not have any Japanese restaurants in that price range. I do have one expensive listing. Would you be interested in that?
Yes. Where area is it located in? I need it to be in the west.
It is in the city centre.
That won't work. How about an Italian restaurant in the west that is moderately priced?
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west part of town with a moderate price range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes I would like to book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on Friday.
I have booked a table for 2 people at 11:00 on Friday at Prezzo.
***
Can you help me find a place to eat that serves unusual food in the centre?
There are no restaurants that serve unusual food in the centre. Would you like to search a different area?
How about british?
There are seven British restaurants in the center. Four are moderately priced and three are expensive. What is your preference, please?
Moderate sounds good.  Can you book a table at any one of the 4 for 8 people on Monday at 18:00?
I got a table for you at cotto. Your reference number is GA03MU3U. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! Thank you for the reference number GA03MU3U. Goodbye.
You're very welcome. Goodbye!
***
Please suggest me some moderately priced restaurant in the south.
I found two moderately priced restaurants in the south part of town. Would you prefer Italian or Modern European food?
italian food
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a nice italian restaurant in the moderate price range and it is in the south.
Is there anything else? 
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is the only Italian restaurant in the moderately priced category in the south part of town.
Can I get the address, phone number and postcode, please?
The phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  The postcode is  C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye
Have a nice day. 
***
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves australasian food
There are no restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like to search for something else?
How about asian oriental food?
Saigon City serves asian oriental and they are located in the north, although they are quite expensive. Would you like the address?
Yes, I would like their address and phone number. 
Saigon City's address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton  and its phone number is 01223 356555
Thank you goodbye.
thank you and good bye
***
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
Hi! We have mexican, italian, indian, and chinese restaurants that fit the bill. Do you have any preferences?
I don't have any preference. 
Chiquito restaurant bar is located in the south part of town and in the expensive price range.
Do you have a phone number for them? 
The number is 01223 400170.
Have a good evening. 
Have a good evening. 
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced restaurant that's in the south part of town. 
I dont want it. Show me another one .
The restaurant alimentum is a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. 
What is the address please?
152 - 154 Hills Road
Thanks.  Could I get the phone number, too?
restaurant alimentum's phone number is 01223 413000
thank you, goodbye
you are welcome goodbye
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Spanish food in the centre of town. 
La Raza is a cheap Spanish restaurant in the centre of town.
What is the phone number and postcode? 
The phone number to La Raza is 01223 464550 and its postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L
Okay. Thank you, goodbye.
Have a great day and enjoy your food.
Thank you.
Enjoy your day!
***
I'm looking for an upscale, expensive place to eat on the west side of town.
What type of food are you looking for?
I'm really in the mood for Jamaican food.
I'm sorry. There are no restaurants matching your criteria.
How about some indian food?
Okay now I have many options would you like a reservation at one of them?
I would. Can you book me a table for 1 on Tuesday at 11:45?
I'm sorry, all 5 restaurants meeting your criteria are booked at this time. Would you like me to try a different time slot?
Yes, can you try 10:45?
I was able to book you a table at Rice Boat on Tuesday at 10:45. The reference number is YTG3EOGF.
Thank you, that's all I need.
Great! Enjoy your meal! Goodbye! 
***
Hello.  Can you suggest a french restaurant in the north end?
I have one restaurant in the North end called two two in the expensive range.
I am interested in the one in the north. Could I have their postcode and address?
Sure! Restaurant Two Two is located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton in postcode cb43ax. Will that be all for today?
Yes, that will be all. Thanks.
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!
***
Hello I would like to find a restaurant in the west part of the city that costs a moderate amount.
Prezzo is a moderately priced italian restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like their phone number?
Yes and the address.
Their phone number is 01799 521260 and their address is 21 - 24 Northampton Road. 
***
I am  looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive price range
Yes, I have nine possibilities fitting those parameters. Is there a specific type of food you're looking for?
I don't care, I  want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 3AYRGABE.
Thanks for your help.
Great! Have a nice day!
Thank you for your help
You're welcome! Bye now! 
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving italian food. What is the address and phone number?
I have quite a few restaurants that match your request.  Would you like to narrow it down by area? 
No that doesn't matter
Ask is a cheap restaurant serving Italian food in the centre of town.  The address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 364917.
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve italian food. 
Thank you.  I'll check it out.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a place to eat, maybe Austrian food.
We have no austrian restuarants. Sorry. Is there another type of restaurant I could look up for you?
Hmm I guess I could try british food instead
There are 11 british restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a price range?
Moderate price range would be great.
There are 5 British restaurants  in the moderate price range, do you have a specific area you would prefer?
No, the area does not matter. I need a table for 5 people at 12:15 on Friday. If that time doesn't work then 11:15. I also need the reference number.
I would recommend the oak bistro located in the Centre. Will this work for you? 
Do they have a table available on Friday at 12:15?
Your table is booked, ref# U0ZZRFL7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.
You're so welcome. Good day.
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Thai food.
I have to options for Thai food in the expensive price range, Bangkok City and Sala Thong.
Is there anything else? 
Those are the only results for expensive Thai food.  
May I have the address and postcode for Sala Thong, then?
The address of Sala Thong is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and the postcode is C.B 3, 9 E.Y.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
I need to find a restaurant that is moderately prices and serves modern european food.
I recommend the restaurant alimentum at 152 - 154 Hills Road.
I want to book a table for 2 people at 19:00 on sunday.
Have you made the reservation?
No I would like you to make the reservation for me please.
I couldn't find an available table for you. Would you like to find another restaurant?
I guess that would be fine, I really want modern european food. Could you make sure it is in the same area and price range. 
Unfortunatly, I can not find anything available given your parameters.
I need a place to dine, does not matter what type, in the moderate price range. 
I was able to book yippee noodle bar, reference number is UCWKFIS4.
Thank you for your time. I appreciate it.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be it. Thank you.
Okay. Enjoy your dinner.
***
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
Da vinci pizzeria serves italian food, is in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range. 
Is there anything else ? I also want its phone number.
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant, it is in the cheap price range, and it is on the north side of town. The phone number is 01223 351707.
Okay, thank you for that.
thank you and good bye
***
Can you help me find a restaurant by the name of Bangkok City?
Certainly, bangkok city is a thai restaurant in the centre area in the expensive price range. Would you like their address?
No thank you. I would like to book a reservation for Wednesday at 5:45 pm.
and how many people will the reservation be for?
There are 6 of us.
Unfortunately, the restaurant is booked. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes. Something in the same area and same pricerange, please. 
I can book reservations for a thai in the centre area that meets your needs
Yes please that would be great. We love thai.
I am so sorry, but I was not able to book this.  Would you like to try a different restaurant?
Yes please try to book a different Thai restaurant.
Great news. I was able to book the Sala Thong and your reference number is VMHJ6Y3I.
Thanks so much. That is awesome! Have a good day!
You're very welcome. Goodbye.
***
What is a cheap restaurant in the south part of town?
There are two restaurants in the south of town in the cheap price range. Would you prefer Portuguese of Chinese?
Is there anything else? If not, Chinese.
 The lucky star is a chinese restaurant in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes, can you give me the address?
The address of the lucky star is, Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, Thank you.
Excellent, have a wonderful evening.
***
Hello! I am looking for the address and phone number of a Lebanese restaurant in the Centre.
Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the Centre area. Its address is 59 Hills Road City. Phone number is 01462 432565
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. 
***
 I would like to find somewhere with expensive Kosher food.
I'm not seeing any expensive Kosher restaurants, would you like to try a different price range perhaps?
Sure. I also need the restaurant to be in the center.
Sorry it looks like there are no kosher restaurants in any price range in town at all. Would you like another food type?
Sure, let's try Italian instead. 
There are 4 expensive Italian restaurants in the center of town. I suggest Caffe Uno at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation? 
Caffe Uno sounds great. Can I get their phone number, please? 
Their phone number is 01223448620. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been very helpful. Thank you!  Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for an expensive mediterranean restaurant.
I show two that are located in the centre. We have the La Mimosa or the Shiraz Restaurant. May I book a table for you?
Could you check either to see if I could make a reservation for 8 people at 15:00 on Monday?
Yes. I have successfully books you at the shiraz resturant, address 84 Regent Street City Centre. Your reference number is 9OE645NY. You should arrive within 15 minutes of your time. 
Thank you very much. 
Thank you very much
***
I am looking for an expensive French restaurant in town. 
There are two expensive french restaurants, Cote in the center and Restaurant Two Two in the north. Do you want further information on either of these?
Are there any other expensive french restaurants? 
Those are the only two expensive french restaurants I have listed. Would you like to expand your price range or type of cuisine?
Is there anything else?
Restaurant Two Two is a French restaurant and it is in the expensive price range. Would you like the address and phone number?
Actually, could I have the phone number of Cote?
Sure, the phone number is 01223 311053.
Okay, I think that does it. Thanks for that. 
Thank you goodbye
***
I want an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. I would also like its phone number.
Hi! Royal Standard is an excellent expensive gastropub in the east area. Their number is 01223247877, anything else?
I appreciate your help. Good bye.
Have a great evening!  Goodbye!
***
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves mediterranean food
The Gardenia is a cheap restaurant that serves Mediterranean food. Is the centre part of town okay for you?
Yes, thank you. Could you tell me the address and phone number of that restaurant?
Certainly, The Gardenia is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre and can be reached at 01223 356354. May I be of further assistance? 
The Gardenia sounds good.  Thanks.
Good bye.
***
I need a restaurant. Something expensive and italian.
I was able to get a couple of options for you, is there a certain area you would like to go to?
I would like to go to the centre, please.
How about stazione restaurant and coffee bar?
Okay, that sounds good.  I need a table for 7 at 11:30 on Thursday.
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Let's try another day or time slot.
Okay, will you try 10:30 instead?
You are booked for 10:30. Your reference number is 4H1DRIF8. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all, thanks. Goodbye.
Enjoy your meal! Goodbye! 
***
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the east
Try curry prince or pizza hut fen ditton
The restaurant should serve italian food.
Pizza hut fen ditton serves italian food in the east, would you like a reservation?
What other restaurants in that area serve Italian food?
Pizza hut fen ditton is the only Italian restaurant, in the east, in the moderate price range. Do you want me to try other areas?
No, that will do.  Can I book a table for monday?
Absolutely, how many people will you have and what time are you wanting the reservation?
I will have 5 people and we would like 12:15 if possible. Thanks.
You are booked, the reference number is AF2GJ7G6, may I assist with anything else?
Thanks for you help. I only need the restaurant reservation. Goodbye.
You're welcome.  Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day.
***
Hello, I'm seeking a cheap restaurant.
Okay, I can help you with that. Are you interested in a particular type of food? Or perhaps a certain part of town?
I would like mediterranean food.
The gardenia serves mediterranean and is in the cheap price range. Would you like to book a table?
Great can I get the postcode and address?
Their postcode is cb23ll, and they are located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre	
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Is there an expensive French restaurant in town? 
I show two french restaurants. Cote and Restaurant two two. 
Which is closest to me?
What area is closer to you, North or Centre?
What is the food type they serve ?
They serve french food .
I don't know. 
Cote is located at Bridge Street City Centre, and Restaurant Two Two is at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. How else may I assist you?
Thank You
Thank you. Good bye.
***
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves italian food
There are two italian restaurants in the south part of town. Would you prefer a moderate or expensive option?
Moderate is fine, can you give me the address and postcode?
Pizza hut cherry hinton is located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, postcode C.B 1, 7 D.Y.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!
***
Is there a thai restaurant in the centre of town? 
Yes, there is one Thai restaurant in that area. Would you like more details on this restaurant?
What is the address?
the address is 24 green street city centre
What is the phone number and price range?
Bangkok City is expensive. Their phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you find?
No, that's all the information I needed. Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!
***
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Irish food. 
I'm sorry, there is not restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try something else? 
Yes, I would like an expensive restaurant that serves british food. Can I have the phone number please?
How about Graffiti, they serve British food and are in the expensive price range, their phone number is 01223 352500.
Perfect! Thanks, good-bye!
You're welcome.  Good bye.
***
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town. 
We certainly have plenty expensive places in the center of town! What type of cuisine are you looking for?
Honestly, I am not sure. Which ones do you show available?
We have just about anything you can think of, from Loch Fyne's seafood to Bedouin's African.
Can you make a reservation at Loch Fyne's for 4 people at 14:30 on sunday?
I was able to reserve that for you. Your reference number is 439GP4J5. Is there anything else I can assist you with? 
Thanks so much.  That is all I need.  Have a great day.
You as well, enjoy your meal!
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the west side of town that serves kosher food. 
There are no restaurants matching your request.  May I help you find a different one? 
Ok, how about an Italian restaurant?
There are two Italian restaurants in the west area. la margherita is in the cheap price range. prezzo is in the moderate price range.
What is the phone number for prezzo?
The phone number for prezzo is 01799 521260. 
Thank you, goodbye
thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking at a place to eat that serves venetian food in the centre.
Unfortunately, I don't see any restaurants that serve Venetian in the centre of town. Would you like to try a different area or type of cuisine?
Do you have any Chinese restaurants?
Yes there are 10 in the centre of town. Any price preference?
I was hoping for an expensive restaurant. 
There are 4 expensive restaurants that are located in the town centre.  The Ugly Duckling, Tang Chinese, HK Fusion, and Sesame Restaurant and bar, would you like information on one?
Can I book at the Ugly Duckling for 4 people, at 12:00 on wednesday please?
Great you're all set the reference number is 48MB42OD
Thank you! Can't wait!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thanks
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I'm looking for the information on a restaurant called Saigon City, can you provide me with their info?
Absolutely! Saigon City is an asian oriental restaurant in the north. It is a little expensive but worth it. It's located at 169 High Street Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223356555.
Thanks! That's all I needed.
Okay great. I am glad I could help you.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves world food.
I'm sorry I can't find any world food restaurants located in the centre. 
How about a restaurant in the centre that serves Korean food?
Little Seoul is a great place that fits your description. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes please.  I would like a table for 7 on Tuesday.  Try for 11:15 please.
I have nothing available for that day and time slot, can I book you another day or time slot at that restaurant?
How about 10:15?
I have you booked for 7 at little seoul on tuesday at 10:15. Here is the reference number for your booking: KAHFBHYI.
Thank you so much for your help.  Bye.
Glad I could help today, is there anything else that I can resolve for you?
***
Could you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town?
Both the restaurant alimentum and the peking restaurant are expensive restaraunts in the south part of town.  Would you like their phone numbers?
Yes. What kind of food do they serve?
Restaurant alimentum serves modern european food, and peking restaurant serves chinese. 
Could you please give me the phone number of whichever one you like better?
Peking Restaurant's phone number is 01223 354755. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. What is the address?
What type of food are you looking for?
Any type of food is fine, just need to know where it is located.
chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and in south. it is located at 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, thank you.
Thank you for calling and please use our system again. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a particular restaurant called city stop restaurant.
It is an expensive european restaurant in the north part of town. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, I would. Please reserve a table for 4 at 17:30 on Thursday. I would like the reference number as well, please.
Alright, I've booked a table for 4 at 17:30 on Thursday. Your reference number is VLG5U01Z.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You too, enjoy your meal!
***
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food
I'm sorry, there are no expensive vegetarian restaurants in town. Can I help you find anything else?
Could you find me an Asian Oriental restaurant instead?
Saigon City is an expinsive asian oriental restraunt in the north area of town.
What is the phone number and area?
The phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and is located in the north part of the town. 
Thank you. Goodbye!
Goodbye
***
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves Italian food.
Yes I have several options for you. Do you have a preferred prices range you are looking for?
Do any of them have an opening for 5 people Friday night at 17:30?
There are 9 Italian restaurants in the center of town. I recommend Pizza Express Fen Ditton. However, the restaurant is fully booked. Do you have a price range?
Is there another restaurant available in the same area at that time in the same price range?
If you like asian food, I can check the Yippee Noodle bar which is in the same area and the same price range.
***
I am looking for bistro food.
I cannot find any restaurants matching your request. Can I find something else for you instead?
How about a restaurant serving Portuguese food?
Nandos City Centre, which is in the south part of town, serves Portuguese food and they are in the cheap price range. 
May I have the address and phone number of Nandos?
Nandos' address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their phone number is 01223 327908.
Thank you
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
***
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve italian food
I have the caffe uno in the centre of town. Would that work?
No, I just realized I'll be in the south area. Are there any that meet my criteria in the south?
Yes, Frankie and Bennys is in the south and meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes could you book me a table for two Sunday at 11:15?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : ZYQX1TYK.
Thank you so much for all of your help. Have a great day.
You are so welcome. Enjoy your meal.
***
I want something that's moderately priced. Any type of food.
What area would you like?
I would like the north part of town, please.
Golden Wok serves Chinese food. Would you like their address and phone number?
yes I would like their address and phone number
The golden wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 350688. May I help you with anything else? 
No, thank you goodbye
Have a great day and enjoy your food.
***
I am looking for a nice restaurant in the center of town.
Do you have a price ranger preference? 
he restaurant should be in the expensive price range.
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of the city. What type of cuisine are you seeking?
I'd like Japanese food, please. 
Yes I found a perfect fit for you. Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant that serves expensive food in the center of town. Would you like their address and telephone number?
Yes please as well as their postcode.
The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street	, cb23ar, and the phone number is 01223462354. 
Thank you for your help. I appreciate it!
You're welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No thank you that will be all for today!
You're very welcome. Feel free to call us again in the future. Have a nice evening. 
***
I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town
What type of food would you like? British, Indian, Gastropub, or Chinese?
It doesn't matter.
Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant located in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range.   Would you like their address?
Yes, and could you also give me their phone number?
yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton and its phone number is 01223248882. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
I want to find a restaurant in any area and serves spanish food. What is the phone number and address?
La Raza serves cheap spanish food, located in the centre area at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent with phone number 01223 464550
Thanks, goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Goodbye 
Thank you.
***
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. I'd also like the restaurant's phone number.
There are two cheap restaurants in the west part of town.  La Margherita is an Italian restaurant and Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant.  Would you like the phone number for one or both of those?
Vietnamese sounds good. Could I have the phone number for Tanh Binh?
The phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you, goodbye
Goodbye, have a nice day.
***
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves jamaican food
There are no restuarants on the West side of town the serves Jamaican food. Is there another type of food you woluld like?
How about chinese food?
Peking restaurant serves Chinese food, it is in the expensive price range, and it is in the south part of town. Would you like the address and phone number?
Just their address, please. 
The Peking restaurant is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.  Can I be of further help?
No thank you. Goodbye. 
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Good Morning, are there any expensive restaurants in the city centre?
i have quite a few restaurants, is there is particular type of food you are looking for?
No, can you choose one for me and provide me with the postcode.
How about the Kymmoy that serves asian oriental?  The postcode is cb12as.
That sounds great. Thanks so much!
You're welcome, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, but thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
***
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves christmas food
I'm sorry but there are no restaurants serving Christmas food. Can I find anything else? 
How about Chinese food?
There are three restaurants in the south part of town that serve Chinese food. What price range would you like?
i dont care
I would recommend peking restaurant, which is a nice restaurant in the south .
can i have the address of them, also the price range ?
peking restaurant is expensive, its location is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
thank you good bye
enjoy your meal, goodbye.
***
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves australasian food.
i'm sorry, but I cannot find any restuarant serving australasian food . Can i help you find something else ?
how about international type of food ?
Bloomsbury Restaurant serves International food and is in the centre part of town. It has a moderate price range and the phone number is 0871 942 9180
***
restaurant on the south side please
Would you be interested in a wonderful Indian restaurant called Tandoori Palace?
No actually, can you suggest me some kosher places? 
There are no kosher restaurants in that area. Would you like to search another area or food type?
A portuguese restaurant might be nice. 
there is ali baba at 59 Hills Road City Centre, phone number is 01462 432565.
***
I would like a traditional food restaurant.
What price range do you have in mind?
I don't care.
No matching records were found. Can you be more specific?
How about vietnamese food?
Thanh Binh serves Vietnamese food and is located in the west part of town.  Would you like more info on it?
Yes.  I would like their address and phone number, please. 
Thanh binh's address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 362456.
and also postcode please?
Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
Thank you for your help. Goodbye!
You're welcome and do call us again! Goodbye.
***
Hi, I'm trying to find a restaurant called HK Fusion. What info can you get me for that?
HK Fusion is a Chinese restuarant located in the centre of town, at 21 Burleigh Street City Centre.
What is the phone number and food type?
It's a chinese restaurant, and the phone number is 01223355909. May I help with anything else?
No I think that's all I need to know. Thanks for the help. 
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes, and then some! Thanks so much.
That's great.  Glad we could help!  Goodbye.
***
I would like a moderate european place to eat. 
I have found 5 restaurants that match what you're looking for. Would you like me to go through them?
Yes please go through them.
The first restaurant is the hotel du vin and bistro. Then there is the galleria, restaurant alimentum, de luca cucina and bar, and riverside brasserie.  Which one would you prefer?
I am not sure but I need to make the reservation for 8 people at 16:30 on Saturday. 
I made a reservation at De Luca Cucina and Bar. The reference number 0PLZ0ISE.
Great, thanks! That's all for now. Bye!
Enjoy your meal.
***
Can you recommend me a restaurant in the expensive priced range located in the east part of town?
how about grafton hotel restaurant, it serves british.
No I am not interested in British right now, do you have any other listings?
There are four more results. What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care. 
Pipasha restaurant is in the expensive price range and in the east part of town. They serve Indian food.
Great! Can you please let me know their contact number?
You can reach Pipasha restaurant at 01223 577786.
Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you find today?
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
i want a reservation that has expensive price range and should be in the centre
I have 33 options for you, is there a particular cuisine that you are interested in?
i want british food
Fitzbillies restaurant serves british food in the centre area, would you like a reservation?
No that won't be necessary. I'll just need the phone and address please.
They're at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre, and their phone number is 01223352500. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you were great.  Enjoy the rest of your day.
Thank you for using our services.
***
Hi! I need to find the restaurant Pizza Express Fen Ditton.
OK, I've Pizza Express Fen Ditton. Would you like the phone number or address for that?
Yes please, also what type of food do they serve?
They serve Italian food, and they're located at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton, cb58ba. Their phone number is 01223324033. Can I help with anything else today?
No that is all I need bye bye.
Thank you, have a good day, goodbye.
***
Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town.
the pizza hut cherry hinton is moderately priced and in the south part of town.  Would you like their location? 
Yes.  I would like the location and the phone number, please.
The address of Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the phone number is 01223 323737.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and good bye.
***
I need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. 
The Curry Prince is in the moderate price range, and it is on the east part of town.
Can you send me the address and the phone number of this restaurant? 
Yes, the Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388. Can I help you with anything else? 
No, that will do it, thank you very much.
Thank you. Good bye 
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving italian food.
There are 9 available. What price range do you prefer?
II'd like a moderately priced place.
There are two in that price range. I suggest Pizza Express!
That sounds good enough.  What's the address there?
The address is Regent Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table? 
No, I just needed to know where it was. Thank you.
Awesome. Take care!
***
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve african food and should be in the centre
There is one African restuarant in the Center. It is named Bedouin, and is expensive. Their phone number is 01223367660. Would you like me to book for you? 
First, what is the address please?

bedouin 100 Mill Road City Centre
Thanks, what's the price range and phone number?
It's an expensive restaurant and the number is 01223367660.
thanks for your help
Thank you goodbye.
***
Id like to eat at an expensive Indian place, know any?
There are many to choose from,can I get what area you would like the restaurant to be at to narrow it down?
How about in the city centre?
There are 6 Indian restaurants that fit this. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, which of them have the best reviews?
I am sorry I cannot see the reviews. I can give you their phone numbers and you may call them if you like.
Can you see which ones have availability Sunday at 19:15 for 2 people?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : K3EBX9QT. The booking is at the Golden Curry. Need anything else?
Nope, that would be it. Thanks for all the help, have a nice day! 
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
***
Is there a cheap place in the north part of town? 
There are two restaurants that meet your specification. One is Italian and the other is Indian. Which would you prefer?
Italian, please. Can you give me the address?
da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town their address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
What is the phone number please?
da vinci pizzeria's phone number is 01223351707. Can I help you with anything else? 
No that will be it.  Thank you 
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
Nandos is a Portuguese restaurant in the south of town and is in the cheap price range.
Can I have the address and phone number?
The address is 3-34 Saint Andrews Street, and the phone number is 01223 327908. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you goodbye
Have a wonderful day and enjoy your food.
***
I'm trying to find information on a particular restaurant, it is called la margherita.
La Margherita is in the west, cheaply priced, located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, and can be reached at 01223315232.
What kind of food do they serve there?
It appears they serve Italian food.  Would you like me to book you a table?
No, that is all I need. Thank you.
You're more than welcome!
***
Hello! I would like to go to a restaurant in the east, please.
There are nine restaurants in the east. Do you want a certain price range?
Moderate price please
I have two Indian Restaurants and one Italian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
I would like to try the Italian one. What is the restaurant's name, please?
It is Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
Can i get the address, postcode too, please?
The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58wr. Anything else?
Thanks a lot that would be all.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
***
I want your most expensive restaurant in the south town.
There are five restaurants that are in the south part of town and in the expensive price range. What type of food would you like?
I don't care
Chiquito restaurant bar is a nice restaurant that serves Mexican food in the expensive price range and is in the South part of town.
Ok, can you tell me the other restaurants?
Yes, there are four other restaurants that meet your criteria. There is frankie and bennys, peking restaurant, taj tandoori, and the good luck chinese food takeaway.
Great! can you please tell me the address and the phone number of frankie and bennys? 
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Hello!  I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
There are several options available. Would you be willing to give me more information on what kind of food you are looking for?
I want asian oriental food.
Sure, we have yippee noodle bar in the town centre. Shall I book a table?
Is the Yippee Noodle Bar moderately priced?
Yes it is moderately priced. 
That sounds perfect. I don't need a reservation right now, but could you give me the address, phone number, and postcode, please?
Sure thing. The address is 40428 King Street City Centre, postcode cb11lh, and the phone number is 01223518111. Can I help you find anything else?
No, I'm all set. Thanks for your help!
I'm glad we were able to help you today. Have a wonderful weekend!
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, what do you have available?
I show two restaurants that fit your criteria. One is chinese and one is indian. Which one would you like to find out more about?
Please tell me the address and phone number of the indian restaurant
The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton and can be reached at 01223 360966. Will that be all or can I assist you further? 
That's all I need, thank you.  Goodbye!
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
***
I'd like to find a moderately priced place located in the north part of town.
Golden wok is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town in the moderate price range.
I'd like to have their phone number and address.
their phone number is 01223 350688 and their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Thank you. Goodbye. 
thank you goodbye
***
one in the East part of town
There are several restaurants in the east part of town.  Do you have a preference for the type of food or price range? 
and serves irish style food please
I apologize, there are no restaurants in the east part of town that serve Irish food. Would you like to choose a different part of town or type of food?
Indian food in the east part of town would be good. 
There are four restaurants in the east part of town that serve Indian food. What price range would you like?
It doesn't matter.
Curry Prince is an Indian restaurant located in the east part of town in the moderate price range.   Would you like any additional information?
May I have the phone number?
The phone number is 01223 566388.
What is the address?
curry prince is located at 451 newmarket road fen ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you goodbye. 
Okay thank you 
good bye
Good bye.
***
Hello, I'm looking for an Italian restaurant on the East side. Thank you! 
I show one called the PIZZA HUT FEN DITTON that serves Italian style food and is located on the east side in the Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
Is this restaurant in the moderate price range?
It is listed in the moderate range.   Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes book a table for 8 on sunday at 19:30 please.
I'm sorry, we were not able to book a table at that restaurant. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
No I will call back thank you.
Let me know what else you need .
Can you find another restaurant int he same area and price range for me?
I was able to book rajmahal, reference number is KSFSKIC1
I did not say to book rajmahal.  What type of food does it serve?
They serve Indian food.
If there are not any Italian restaurants available in the area that are moderately priced, Rajmahal will be fine.
Your reservation is made. The number is KSFSKIC1.
Thank you for your help. Bye.
The address and phone for the Rajmahal is 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton cb58rg, 01223244955. Enjoy our city.
I hope to. Goodbye.
Have a nice day then!
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves European food.
eraina would fit the bill.
What is the address, phone number, and price range?
It's pretty expensive. It's at Free School Lane City Centre, and you can call them at 01223 368786. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks!
You're welcome!
***
I'm looking for a place serving spanish food somewhere in town. 
There are two spanish restaurants, both of which are in the town center. La raza is rated cheap, la tasca is rated moderately priced. Please choose one of those options.
I don't have a preference, please make a suggestion. 
la raza serves spanish food, is located in the centre part of town and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like more information for them? 
I will go to La Tasca.  What is their phone number?
La Tasca's phone number is 01223 464630.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
***
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
Taj Tandoori is an expensive Indian restaurant in the South. Would you like more information on them? 
Is there anything else?
Yes. chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and is located in the south part of town. 
May I have their address and phone number? 
chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2G Cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Its phone number is 01223400170. Would you like anything else? 
Thank you goodbye.
Thanks for your call. Goodbye!
***
Please give me a moderately priced restaurant serving brazilian food
I'm sorry, but there are no moderately priced Brazilian restaurants.
Could you recommend an Indian restaurant in the same price range?  
Sure, there are 4 indian restaurants in the moderate price range. Do you prefer a certain part of town? 
no, I don't care. 
How about Curry Prince, which is in the east part of town and serves Indian food?
That sounds good. What is the address and phone number?
the phone number for the curry prince is 01223 566388 and they are located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. 
Is there any other indian restaurants in the same price range?
Meghna serves moderately priced indian food in the west part of town. 
Thank you for all your help, and have a nice evening. 
No problem, you enjoy your meal!
***
I'm looking for something cheap in the south part of town.
There are two restaurants serving cheap food in the south part of town.  Do you have a preference of portuguese or chinese food? 
Either is fine, can you provide the address and phone number?
Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Their phone number is 01223 327908. Can I help you with anything else? 
Thank you good bye. 
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves traditional food. 
There are no restaurants matching your request. Would you like a different one? 
Please find moderately price restaurants that serve spanish type of food. 
The only restaurant fitting such criteria is La Tasca.
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
The address is 14 - 16 Bridge Street, the postcode is CB21UF, and the phone number is 01223 464630.
Thank you, goodbye.
You are welcome. Good bye.
***
Hi.  I'm trying to find a good restaurant in the south part of town.
There are several good restaurants in the south part of town. Do you have a preference for the type of food or price range? 
Yes, I'd like a restaurant that serves portuguese food. 
nandos is the only restaurant i can find in the south that serves portuguese. 
Nandos sounds great. Thank you.
thank you good bye 
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
I could really use something to eat.
I have over 100 restaurants to choose from, would you mind narrowing down your search for me with perhaps a food type or price range?
Expensive restaurant in the centre, please.
Any particular type of food you're hankering for?
Not really. Which is your favorite? I'll book that for 13:00 Thursday. There will be 6 of us.
I'm sorry, I have not found anything for that time yet.  Can you choose another day or time please?  Are you sure you don't have a preference for food type?
Let's try to book it for 12:00 then for 6 people on Thursday. I'll also need a reference number.
Which restuarant do you want to book at?
I'm not sure.  Just something expensive.  We are celebrating.
I booked you at Curry Queen. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is C06RJUNL.
Thank you for your help. This is all I needed.
You're welcome.  Please come again if you need more help.
***
Are there any restaurants serving middle eastern food?
I'm sorry, there aren't any middle eastern restaurants. Is there another type of food you'd like to try? 
Can you try the search again looking for Portugeuese food instead?
Sure! I actually have two restaurants listed in both the southern and center points of town that serve Portuguese food. Are you interested in one of these?
I would like the one that is in the centre of town. Can you book me a table there for Thursday at 11:30? There will be 6 of us.
I'm sorry, but the restaurant isn't available for that time. Is there another time or day you'd like to try? 
Can you try 10:30 instead?
You're all set. I have book a table for 6 at 10:30. Reference # 2801GMOP. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
***
I'm looking for a good restaurant anywhere in town serving French food. Could you please give me their phone numbers?
There is a very good French restaurant in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223 311053.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome.  Good bye.
***
Are you able to help me find an expensive British restaurant in Cambridge please?
What area would you like the restaurant to be located in?
I don't really have a preference. Can you recommend a restaurant? As long as it serves expensive British food I'll be happy.
I would recommend Fitzbillies restaurant in the centre of town, would you like me to reserve a table for you? 
Yes please reserve a table for 6 people at 12:45 on thursday
OK, I have your reservation booked. Your reference number is 0SAJLXK8. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye!
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I am looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre of town.
I have 33 restaurants that meet your requests.  Can you tell me what kind of food you are looking for?
The type of food doesn't matter. I just need a table for 3 for Friday night at 19:00.
Would you like me to try and make a reservation for the Cambridge Chop House?
Yes and lets book for next weekend,instead,thank you.
There is no availability at that time. Would you like to try another time or restaurant? 
Can you try to find another restaurant in the same area and pricerange? 
How about Fitzbillies restaurant? It's also an expensive British restaurant in the centre of the city
Yes, try that please. 
Alright, I have your table booked at Fitzbillies restaurant. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: BCVPHB3U. Anything else today?
No thanks, that is everything
No problem.  Enjoy your meal on Friday.  Good bye.
***
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves portuguese food
I found one in the south part of town and one in the centre.
Can I have the address of the location in the centre of town?
The address to Nandos is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. It servers Portuguese food and is in the centre of town.Is there anythig else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the west side of town. 
cambridge lodge restaurant is a nice restaurant in the west part of town
How about a moderately priced Russian restaurant? I don't care what part of town it's in.
I am sorry, there is no moderately priced russian restaurant. Would you like me to check for a restaurant serving a different type of food? 
How about Chinese food?
I'm sorry, there are no chinese restaurants listed in the west part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like to try something else? 
I would like a moderately priced chinese restaurant any where in town.  
jinling noodle bar, shanghai family restaurant, and lan hong house are in the centre. Golden wok is in the North. 
What is the phone number?
The phone number is 01223 566188.
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the centre part of town
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and good bye.
***
I'm looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called panahar.
Panahar is an Indian restaurant in the centre of town. It is in the expensive price range. Would you like to book a table there?
Can you book a table for 6 people at 11:00 on sunday?
Got it - The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is : VX589A4M. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's it for me today. Thanks for your help!
You're very welcome! Have a great time!
***
I am looking for a mexican restaurant in the centre.
I'm sorry, there aren't any Mexican restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to try a different cuisine? 
How about an Indian restaurant then?
There is the curry garden which serves indian food in the centre. Would you like to make a booking?
Oh, no, but I do need the postcode address and number.
Curry Garden's phone number is 01223302330. They are located at 106 Regent Street City Centre. The postcode is cb21dp. Would you like me to book you a table?
No really, I don't need a booking.
No problem.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's everything I wanted to find out thanks.
Glad I could help you today. Have a nice day!
***
Can you help me find a restaurant that serves greek food and is expensive?
I apologize but there are no expensive greek restaurants listed, would you like to try a different food type or price range?
Do you have any Indian restaurants?
We have 14 indian restaurants in the expensive category. Do you have any more information to narrow down the search?
I do not. Is there one you can recommend?
I can recommend one for you, but first is there a particular part of town you would like to travel too?
Any part of town is fine, I just need the address and postcode of one you'd recommend.
I would recommend the Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant.  It's in the west end.  The address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre. The postcode is cb30ah. Shall I make a booking?
No, not yet, I just wanted the info.  Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a very nice day.
***
Can I have a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?
I found several. Would you care for a specific type of food?
I do not care. 
There are three options which match your request. How about Meghna, which serves Indian food?
Yes it will do. Can i have the phone number please ?
Meghna's phone number is 01223 727410
thank you , good bye.
You're welcome, good bye.
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town. 
Meghna is an Indian restaurant, it is in the moderate price range, and it is in the west part of town. Would you like the phone number?
yes, and the address and postcode please. 
The phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.  The postcode is C.B 4, 3 L.F.
Perfect. Thanks for the information. Goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
***
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called royal standard
Royal Standard is located at 290 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like to know more about the restaurant?
I'd like to book for 1 person at 1145 on thursday please
Sorry, looks like there's no availability. Want to try another day or time slot?
what about we try booking for Friday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : PJ7X1NHS.
Ok thank you that is all I needed.
Thank you for using our services.
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town.
Grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive restaurant in the east part of town serving british food. Would you like their location?  
Address and phone number, please
Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket road Fen Ditton.  The phone number is 01223 241387.
Ok thank you and good bye 
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Enjoy your meal.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. 
The Missing Sock is a cheap international restaurant in the east side. Would you like the address or phone number?
Yes, please. Could you tell me both the address and phone number?
They are at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, and their number is 01223 812660 .
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you and goodbye!
***
I would really like to find a Basque restaurant on the west side. Does that exist?
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants serving basque food in the west part of town. Would you like a different type of food?
How about italian food
la margherita is an italian restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like their location? 
No, what is the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 315232.
thank you
You're welcome.  Is there anything else?
no, thank you!
Thank you.
***
I'm looking for and expensive restaurant in the east part of town. Ask for address, phone number and type of food.
grafton hotel restaurant is an expensive british restaurant in the east part of town. Their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 241387 
thank you goodbye
You are welcome. 
***
I am looking for a resteraunt that serves japanese food, any price range is fine.  What do you have available?
I found Wagamama in the centre part of town.
What is their address, phone number, and postcode?
wagamama is located at 36 saint andrews street. Its phone number is 1223 462354 and the postcode is CB23AR. Is there anything I can help you with? 
Thank You
You're welcome. Good bye.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!
***
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves kosher food in the west side.
I'm sorry, we don't have any Kosher restaurants on the west side. Would you like to try a different cuisine type? 
I was really hoping for Kosher.
Unfortunately, there are no Kosher restaurants anywhere in the city. Can I help you find something else? 
How about an expensive Indian restaurant? I know there are many of those!
We have 5 in the west side. Cocum is very popular, would you like to try there? 
Sure. What's Cocum's address, phone number, and postcode?
Here is the information you've requested for Cocum: 71 Castle Street City Centre, 01223366668, cb30ah
Great, thank you! That is all I need today.
You're quite welcome. Thank you and goodbye! 
***
Yes, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
There are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a food type preference?
No, maybe you could book me at your favorite for Saturday?    There will be 8 of us, at 17:30.
Well, my personal favorite is Copper Kettle. I've booked you a table for 8 on Saturday at 17:30. Your reference number is LSQYZI7O. 
Great, thanks so much!
You're welcome. Do you need anymore assistance today?
No that was all I needed thanks for the help. Have a great day. 
Thank you, enjoy your visit, goodbye!
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Persian food. 
There are no Persian restaurants listed. Is there something else I can search for?
How about a restaurant that serves European food?
There are 4 restaurants that meet those specification. Do you have a preference of the area of town it is located at?
The area doesn't matter.
Okay, I suggest the Cambridge Lodge Restaurant. They serve great European food and are located in the west part of town. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please. And the address as well.
their address is Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
can i please have a cheap restaurant in the west ?
La Margherita is an Italian restaurant. It is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Phone number is 01223 315232.
Thank you very much. bye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a place that has Chinese food.
there are 17 chinese restaurants, do you prefer any price range or any area in town? 
Yes, I'm looking for the address of one in the east part of town. 
Yu Garden is a great, but expensive, Chinese restaurant. They are located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you goodbye
Goodbye.
***
Are there any Australian food places in the south part of town?
I was not able to find any Australian restaurants in the south part of town
Are you sure? I am really looking for an expensive Australian place to dine in the south. 
Yes, there are no expensive Australian restaurants in the south part of town. Would you like to look in a different area?
No, lets keep the same area but see if there might be an Indian restaurant instead. 
How about Taj Tandoori? It is an expensive Indian restaurant in the south side. 
Okay. I want to book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on sunday.
I was not able to book you a table for this time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you see if a table is available at 15:30?
I was able to book a table of 5 for 15:30 at Taj Tandoori on Sunday. Your reference number is HJZCPH80, your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Great thank you for your help today.
It was my pleasure. Was there anything else I could assist you with? 
No, that's it for today. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling in, enjoy!
***
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
There are mexican, chinese, italian and indian restaurants in the area. Are there any food type in particular you would like?
I don't care. 
Chiquito restaurant bar is a Mexican restaurant located in the south part of town and is in the expensive price range.
What is the address and phone number?
Chiquito restaurant bar is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you. Good bye.
thank you good bye
***
A cheap restaurant in the south part of town
We have two restaurants that meet your criteria, are you more interested in Chinese of Portuguese food?
Chinese, what is the number?
The Lucky Star is a chinese restaurant in the south and is in the cheap price range. Their phone number is 01223 244277.
What is their address? 
Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton
What is the postcode please?
Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
Thank you very much.
thank you, goodbye
***
I would like to find a restaurant in the centre of town that serves irish food
I'm sorry but there are no restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like a different style of food?
How about french food?
There is Cote, an expensive French restaurnt in the centre of town.
Okay. May I have the phone number and address please?
sure, cote is located at bridge street city centre. Its phone number is 01223311053. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you. 
Okay thank you
Thank you goodbye. 
thank you good bye
***
Can you recommend me a moderate priced restaurant in the north part of town?
I found two restaurants in the moderate price range in the north part of town. Would you prefer Chinese or Indian food?
Can I have the address of the Chinese restaurant?
The Golden Wok is a Chinese restaurant in the north part of town.  The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
ok thank you good bye
goodbye
***
I am looking for a place to dine located in the centre and in the moderate price range. Can you help me?
You're in luck, we have many moderately priced restaurants in the centre. Cuisine offerings vary from asian oriental to european. What sounds good to you today?
is there chinese available?
Yes, there are 3.  Can I make a dinner reservation for you at one of them?
Yes please make it for sunday at 14:00, for 4 people. And can I also get the reference number?
I was able to book Ian Hong House, reference number is E8V1XGOA.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you. That will be all.
Great! Please contact us again if you need anything else.
***
I want to find a restaurant in the north part of town and serves international food.
I'm sorry, there are no international restaurants listed in that area.  Would you like to try something else? 
Are there any Italian restaurants in that part of town?
Yes. da vinci pizzeria restaurant in the north part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like more information for them? 
Yes, the address and phone number please.
Here is the information you have requested. phone number is 01223 351707, and address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Will that be all?
thank you . good bye
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
Can you help me find a good thai restaurant in the west?
There is Sala Thong that's expensive would you like me to book a table for you?  
Yes, that would be great.
Can you please tell me how many people and what day and time you would like me to book it?
Thursday at 12:45 for 7 people. 
I was able to book that for you for Thursday. Your reference number is 07CI497H.
thank you for your service
You are quite welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, the reservation is all. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services.
***
Can you find me an expensive restaurant that serves steakhouse food? 
unfortunately there are no restaurants that suits you. do you want to try something else?
Yes. How about a restaurant serving british food? 
I've found several British restaurants in the expensive price range. Does the area of town matter to you?
No it doesn't matter
Fitzbillies restaurant serves British food, is located in the center of town and is in the expensive price range.
May I have the phone number, please?
Certainly. The number is 01223 352500. Can I assist you any further? 
Can I have the address please?
fitzbillies restaurant is located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre.  Can I help you with anything else? 
No, that was it. Thank you.
Thanks, have a nice day. 
***
I need to find some caribbean food in south town.
There are no Caribbean restaurants in the south of town. Would you like something else?
How about an Italian restaurant? I will need the phone number and postcode of the restaurant.
There is frankie and bennys, their post code is C.B 1, 7 D.Y and their phone number is 01223 412430.
What part of town is frankie and bennys located?
frankie and bennys is in the south part of town.
Thank you, goodbye
Bye.
***
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is an expensive restaurant on the South part of town. Would you like the phone number?
Is there anything else?
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese restaurant located in the south part of town and is expensive price range.  Do you need any additional information?
I need the address.
Peking is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.  Do you need their phone number?
No. this is it. thank you so much 
You're very welcome. 
***
What kind of restaurants are on the east side of town?
There are British, Indian, Italian, International, and Chinese restaurant. Plus a gastropub.
I would like an Indian restaurant.
Curry Prince is located in the east area and serves indian food.
What is the address and phone number?
Their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and phone 01223 566388.
Thank you goodbye.
Glad to be of service.  Goodbye.
***
Can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the South part of town?
How about the lucky star, a nice chinese place in the south 
Is it cheap and in the south?
Yes, the Lucky Star is both cheap and in the south part of town.
OK.  What is the address?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
What is the phone number?
The phone number for the Lucky Star is 01223 244277. Is there anything I can help you with?
That is all, thank you, goodbye.
enjoy your meal?
***
I want a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. What is the address and postcode?
How about The Missing Sock?  They serve international food at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, postal code C.B 25, 9 A.Q .
Thank you, goodbye.
Woah, okay, bye.
***
Hi. I am trying to find some information on a restaurant called India House.  Have you heard of it?
India House serves Indian food in the west of town and is expensive. Their phone number is 0122346166. Can I help with anything else?
Great can  you book a table for one person at 12:00 on sunday?
I'm sorry, they don't have an opening at 12:00. Would you like to try a different time or day?
Sure, let's try for 11:00, same day.
I was able to book your table on Sunday at 11:00 for 1. The reference number is FRGW4OO2.
Thanks.  That covers it then!
I'm so happy we could help you out today. Enjoy your meal in Cambridge!
***
I would like a cheap Spanish restaurant.
La Raza is a cheap Spanish restaurant.  Would you like their phone number or address?
Yes please
La Raza's phone number is 01223 464550 and the address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent.  Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Good bye.
***
I would like a cheap Mexican restaurant, please.
What part of town would you like to dine in?
I don't care
I'm sorry, but our only Mexican restaurant is expensive.  Would you like more information or could I search for another type of restaurant for you?
Is there any Cheap vietnamese locations?
Thanh binh is a cheap vietnamese restaurant. 
May I get the phone number of Thank binh, please?
The phone number for thanh binh is 01223 362456.  May I help you with anything else today? 
No, I believe that it's. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome. 
***
Can you give me the address for an indian restaurant in the south part of town?
taj tandoori is the only one matching your request. you can contact them at 01223 412299. 
What is the address and price range?
The address of the venue is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and in expensive price range.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank You and come again.
***
Yes, I'd like some information on finding a particular restaurant. The restaurant should serve a variety of Jamaican food and ideally I'd like it to be located in the south please.
I'm sorry but I have no Jamaican restaurants located in the south. Could we try another part of the city or different food type?
No I am looking for that specifically. 
Then we have a problem, because such a restaurant  does not exist. I'm sorry. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about one that serves italian food?
I have listings for 2 italian places,one moderate and one expensive, which one you like information on?
I'd like to book at the expensive place. There will be 8 of us, and we'd like to eat at 15:00 on Monday.
I apologize the booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like to look at another restaurant
Can you find me another restaurant int he same area and price range please?
Would you like to try chiquito restaurant bar? 
Yes please try booking that for me.
Wonderful. I was successful in booking The Chiquito restaurant for you and your reference number is OCGZRNU0.
Thank you so much for all of your help. That will be all.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
***
Can you recommend a restaurant that serves French food?  Not too expensive, please.
There are no French restaurants matching your requests.  Can I help you with something else? 
How about a French restaurant in any price range?
Cote is a French restaurant in the city centre in the expensive price range.
Can you please give me their address and phone number
Cote's phone number is 01223 311053 and they are located at Bridge Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you.  That is all I needed to know.  Bye bye!
You're welcome.  Good bye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Moroccan food and is moderately priced.
Which area would you like?
I do not care what area it is in.
There are no moderately priced Moroccan restaurants in any area. Might another type of food interest you?
Yes, what about Turkish food?
anatolia and efes restaurants are turkish.
May I have the address of Anatolia?
The address is 30 Bridge Street City Centre. 
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
Hi there. I'm trying to impress my girlfriend and was wondering if there might be a really nice british restaurant in town?
Is there a particular area in town or a particular price range you are targeting?
Not really, if you find a suitable one, please give me the postcode.
Grafton Hotel Restaurant is an expensive British restaurant you might enjoy. The postcode is cb58pa. 
Thanks! That's all I need today. I appreciate your help.
We are happy to help. Have all of your needs been met?
Indeed they have.
I am glad we were able to assist you. Have a good day and goodbye. 
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
the grafton hotel restaurant is in the east part of town and in the expensive price range. would you like their information? 
Yes please
They are located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, 8 P.A, and phone number 01223 241387. How else may I assist you?
Is there something else?
Pipasha restaurant is in the east part of town, and in the expensive price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the address and phone number?
Pipasha Restaurant's phone number is 01223 577786 and they are located at Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!
***
Hi, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the town centre please.
There are quite a few cheap restaurants in the town center. Is there a particular cuisine you prefer? 
I prefer creative food, please.
So sorry, I'm not seeing any creative restaurants. Will a different cuisine do?
How about one that serves indian food?
We have 3 located in the centre. kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge. Do any of these fancy you?
The Kohinoor sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 4 on Wednesday? Let's say... 18:30 for the time if it's available.
I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Can I try a different day or time perhaps?
Try 17:30, okay?
Your reservation has been booked on Wednesday for 4 people at 17:30. Reference number is M3TW6MPA.
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves Brazilian food. 
There are no restaurants matching your request.
Can you look for asian oriental food?
Dojo Noodle Bar is an Asian Oriental restaurant in the centre of town.
What is the phone number?
The phone number for Dojo Noodle Bar is 01223 363471. Can I help you with anything else?
no thank you good bye
Thank you for using this system and please call again. Goodbye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves fusion food. 
Which area you would like to search in?
I don't care. 
I am sorry, there is no restaurant serving fusion food in the moderate price range. Would you like any other type of food or different price range?
Bummer.  How about some reasonably priced Chinese food, then?
There are 4 Chinese restaurants. Three in the center of town and one in the north part of town all moderatly priced.
What is the phone number of one of them?
The Lan Hong House is great. Their phone number is 01223 350420. Would you like any additional information about them?
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve chinese food. 
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
***
a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town?
Would you like Chinese or Indian food?
I don't care. give me the phone number and postcode .
Golden wok serves Chinese food, their phone number is 01223 350688 and their postcode is C.B 4, 3 H.L.
Thank You
You're welcome. 
***
I'm in the mood for swedish food, but I want something in the centre of town.
I'm sorry, there are no Swedish restaurants in the area.  Do you have another cuisine you would like to try?
What about Chinese?
I have 10 chinese restaurants in the centre area. What price range would you like? 
Could you recommend one?
Charlie Chan is amazing and cheap! Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please! I'd like a table for 5 on Monday at 15:15. 
Your booking was successful and the reference number is U4UC246K. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That's all. Thank you!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your meal!
***
I AM looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the east.
Do you have a specific food type that you prefer?
Are there any swedish places?
I'm sorry. I didn't find any matches. 
Darn, alright. Can we search chinese instead then please?
Yes, there is one match. A restaurant called Yu Garden. 
Thanks, could you book a table for 6 people on Monday at 15:15?
The reservation was successful and they will hold the table for your party for 15 minutes.
Thank you very much. What is the reference number?
Reference number is : 768CRNLY. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks you've been great! 
Thank you very much. Have a great day.
***
I am looking for an expensive place to dine in the north.
Would you like to eat Asian Oriental, Chinese, European, or French?
I think Chinese may have caught my attention.
The Hotpot is an expensive Chinese restaurant in that area.
Great can I get their phone number as well please?
The phone number for the hotpot is 01223366552, would you like me to book you a table? 
No thank you. Have a great day!
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
Are there any restaurants in town that serve modern american food?
No, there are none. Is there another type of food you would liked to try?
What about any expensive restaurants with traditional American food in the centre of town?
No, I'm sorry there are not.  There are a number of other expensive restaurants in the centre?  Might you try a different cuisine?
Sure how about Italian?
Yes Don Pasquale Pizzeria has Italian food and is in the center of town.
The restaurant sounds good. Please book a table for Sunday at 17:00 for 4 people.
Your booking for 4 at don pasquale pizzeria is complete! Here is your reference number DPMRYTRL. How else may I assist you today?
That will be all. Thank you. Goodbye!
You're welcome, enjouy your meal. 
***
I'm looking for a restaurant in the west side that's in the moderate price range. 
I have three listings,one for british,indian,italian. Are any of those types of food you are looking for?
Are any of them available for 8 people at 19:00 on Wednesday? 
There are two restaurants available the Indian restaurant Meghna and the Italian restaurant Prezzo 8 people at 19:00 on Wednesday. Which one do you prefer?
The Italian restaurant Prezzo sounds good.  
Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins.
Reference number is : GVOKLI1A. Anything else?
nope thats it. thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant called pizza hut cherry hinton, can you help me find it?
Yes sure would you like their address or phone number?
No, I wanted to make a reservation there.
I'd be happy to make you a reservation, for what day/time and how many is in your party?
Just one person on Sunday at 19:45
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CKO62HOH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no that will be all, thank you.
Great. Enjoy your meal. Goodbye!
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north, an Italian restaurant and a Chinese restaurant. Would you like more information?
What is the address of anyone of them?
The Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the north located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Can I be of further assistance? 
Thank You
You're welcome, enjoy your food.
Thank you goodbye. 
Good bye. Thank you for using the system.
***
I'd love to find an expensive German restaurant. 
I'm sorry, there are no German restaurants in the area.  Is there another cuisine I could search for?
how about one that serves european food?
I have several european restaurants to choose from. Did you want to dine in a certain area of the city? 
I don't care which area. Just need to find a table for 5 people at 15:00 on Saturday. I will need the reference number once booked.
I think you'd enjoy Eraina, so I've booked you a table there. The reference number is 0IT4QD59. 
Great thank you for all your help.
You are quite welcome. Thank you and goodbye! 
***
Can you help me find Restaurant One Seven?
I have Restaurant One Seven located in Centre, phone number is 01223337766. Would you like for me to make a reservation for you?
That would be great. Can you book a table for 3 at 11:45 on Friday?
All right, I've got you booked for Friday at 11:45 for 3 people. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please, can I have the number?
Certainly, your Reference number is : EWOFBMJ3.
Thanks. That's everything for today.
thank you for using our system.
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're very welcome. Good day.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant serving Irish food in any area.
There are no irish restaurants in the area. 
Well can I get the phone number to a European restaurant?
Cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food. Their phone number is 01223 355166.  Can I help you with anything else? 
That's it, goodbye
your welcome good bye
***
Can you help me find and expensive restaurant in the west?
We have nine. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I would like to eat at an indian restaurant please.
There are 5 expensive Indian restaurants available in the west. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes, please choose one and book it for 6 people at 13:30 on Thursday.
Ok.  I was able to book cocum on thursday at 13:30 for 6 people.  Your reference number is LTZ2TPIA.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it for today. Thank you for all your help. Good bye.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Good bye.
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town. 
There are three, moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town. Do you have a preference of cuisine?
No, i dont care about the cuisine.
meghna is a restaurant  in the west part of town and moderately priced. would you like their phone number and address?
I need the address.
meghna is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.  Can I help you with anything else? 
no. thank you 
Goodbye
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. I also need the address and type of food they serve.
chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive restaurant on the south part of town, their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton
What type of food?
It's Mexican.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
That will be all, thank you!
thank you and good dbye
***
I would like some Lebanese food in the west part of town. Are there any available?
I'm sorry we don't have any Lebanese restaurants located in the west part of town.  Would you like to try a different type of food?
How about Thai food?
sala thong serves thai food and is located in the west part of town. Would you like more information for them? 
Yes, the address, phone number, and their price range please.
Sala thong is an expensive restaurant located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. The phone number is 01223 323178.
Thank you goodbye. 
thank you and good bye
***
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap austrian restaurant.
I'm sorry but I don't have any Austrian restaurants?  Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Are you sure? I'd really like some Austrian food.
Yes I am sure. However, I do have a number of restaurants listed as serving European food. Would you like information on these?
Yes please.  I prefer the centre of town if possible.
There are a number of European options in the town centre. Do you have a price range?
I would like for that to be cheap as well.
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill located in the Centre has cheap Modern European food.  Would you care for that?
Sounds good. Could you give me the number? Also, the address and postcode.
The phone number is 01223307030. The address is Quayside Off Bridge STreet and the postcode is cb58aq. Can I book a reservation?
No, I'm all set, thanks. Goodbye!
Thank you, let us know if you need any more help with anything.
***
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves european food.
Eraina in the west part of town serves expensive european food.
Great! Can I have their address and phone number?
Eraina is located at Free School Lane City Centre, and their phone number is 01223 368786
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome.
***
I need a restaurant in the east part of town that serves world food. 
I found no matching records for your requests. Do you want to try something else ?
How about chinese food?
Yu Garden is a great Chinese restaraunt on the east side of town. Should I get you their phone number?
Yes, please, and the address and postcode also.
The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, the postcode is CB58PA, and the phone number is 01223 248882.
thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye, and thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system.
***
I am looking for a restaurant called the Gandhi.
The Gandhi is at 72 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like a reservation or more information?
I'd like a reservation for 7 people Monday at 15:30 please.
Unable to book at that time.Would you like a different restaurant ?
***
Hello there! I am looking for a restaurant that specializes in Swedish food.
What area would you like?
Any
There is no Swedish restaurant. Would you like to change your query?
how about asian oriental?
Charlie Chan has cheap chinese food located on Regent Street City Centre,  phone 01223 361763
Do you have any moderately priced listings for asian oriental?
There is the Yippee Noodle Bar. Would you like the address?
Yes please and the phone number as well. Thank you.
The address is  40428 King Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 518111.
Excellent.  That is all I needed.  Have a good evening and thank you!
Thank you for using our system. Goodbye!
***
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves world food?
Unfortunately there are now restaurants that meet those specifications. Would you like me to look for a different kind of food?
The restaurant should be in the north.
The only restaurants in the north serve Asian Oriental, Chinese, European, French, Indian or Italian food. Would you like to change to one of those?
Tell me about the Indian restaurants in the north then please?
There are two Indian restaurants, the nirala and royal spice. The royal spice is in the cheap range and the nirala is in the moderate price range. 
Can you book me a table for two at the Royal Spice?
What day would you like this reservation to be available for?
I need a booking for 2 people at 17:30 on tuesday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Yes.  Can you look for something in the same area and price range please?
I can get a table for you at da vinci pizzeria. This is the only other place to eat in that area. Reference number is W6MFU6XD.
That is perfect. Thank you for all the help!
Thank you for using our system!
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.
Graffiti is an expensive restaurant in the west that is available.
What kind of foods do they serve there? And I would like an address and the postal code as well please. Do you also have reviews of Graffiti, from locals? 
Graffiti serves British food. The postcode is cb30lx. The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road. Reviews are not available in our database.
Okay thank you for your time.
Thank you! Have a great day!
***
Yes I am looking for information on Michael House cafe.
The Michael House cafe is an expensive european restaurant located in the centre.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please. For a party of 7 on Friday, at 17:15.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ALCPCA3P. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
***
May have the name of a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town? 
There are two restaurants in the south part of town and in the moderate price range. What kind of food would you like?
I don't care. 
Restaurant alimentum is the other moderate priced restaurant in the south of town
Is there anything else?
pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Their phone number is 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  
What is the postcode?
My apologies. The postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
That is it. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
Hello! Can you recommend a moderately priced restauarnt near the south part of town?
Would you prefer italian or modern european food?
It doesn't matter.
Restaurant Alimentum is a nice restaurant serving modern european food in the moderate price range and is located in the south.
May I have their address please? 
Their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.
***
Can you help me find an Afghan restaurant on the west side of town? 
There are no listings for an Afghan restaurant on the west side.  Would you like to try a different area or cuisine?
Try a different cuisine. Just an expensive restaurant.
I have restaurants specializing in thai food, indian, european or british food. Which would you prefer?
Indian food please. What are the options?
Sure, how about maharajah tandoori restaurant, they serve Indian food in the west. Can I book a table for you?
No, I'll have to discuss it with my wife.  Can you just get me the postcode for Maharajah Tandoori please?
Absolutely! The postcode is cb30ah. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome. Thanks for using our service, goodbye.
***
AM looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the south and should serve gastropod food.
I'm sorry, there aren't any gastropubs in the south part of town. If you're open to other areas there are three in the centre and one in the east?
How about a cheap chinese one in the south?
I have one place that would be good for you, would you like me to start booking ?
Yes that would be great, thanks! It'll be 7 people dining on friday at 11:30. And can I have a reference number for it?
You are booked at The Lucky Star.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, Reference number is : EXU13ZFQ.  Can I help further?
No, thank you so much!
Thanks so much for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great time!
***
Are there any moderately priced restaurants serving international food?
Yes, there are two in the centre of town. The Varsity Restaurant and the Bloomsbury Restaurant. Would you like more information? 
What is the address of the Bloomsbury?
They are located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street	
What is their phone number?
The phone number for the Bloomsbury Restaurant is 08719429180. Can I help you in arranging a reservation?
Not at the moment but I would also like their address and postcode.
The Bloomsbury Restaurant can be found at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street with a postcode of CB23DT.
Great, thanks very much!
You are welcome. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you. That is all.
Thank you. Goodbye.
***
Hi! I need to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.
There are 15 restaurants in the centre that serve cheap food. What type of food do you want?
No preference. Please recommend any one of those restaurants.
How about dojo noodle bar. It is on the cheap side and located in the centre.
Sure, can you try and book a table for Wednesday at 12:15?  There are 5 people.
I'm sorry but there are no available tables at that time, would you like to find another restaurant?
Yes, what other restaurants are in the same area in price range?
There are 15 such restaurants. How about the J Restaurant? It also serves asian oriental food. Would that work?
Any place I can get in to will be fine, in that are. 
Okay I will make reservation for J restaurant is available.
***
I want to find a restaurant in any area and serves scottish food.
There are no restaurants serving scottish food.  Would you like to try something else? 
Yes, how about modern European food?
Eraina is a great European eatery. What other information can I provide to you?
What is the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 368786.  May I help you with anything else? 
No, thank you.
Thanks, enjoy!
***
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves turkish food
I'm sorry, we don't have any expensive Turkish restaurants.
how about a moderate one ?
Anatolia and Efes Restaurant are both moderately priced Turkish restaurants, and both are in the centre of town. Would you like an address or phone number for one of them?
yes. address and phone number for Anatolia.
Anatolia is at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 362372. Can I get you any further information?
What is the postcode?
The postcode is Anatolia is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
Please help me find somewhere to eat in the centre
You could try the yippee noodle bar, which is asian oriental, and priced moderately. It is located at 40428 King Street City Centre. 
That sounds great. Can I get a postcode? Thanks!
The postcode is cb21rq. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I'm not ready to book yet. Thanks, I will give you a call back. Goodbye.
Alright. Sounds good. I look forward to your call.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves canapes in the east.
Unfortunately there are no restaurants serving canapes in the east.
Ah, well, too bad. In that case I think that'll be everything that I needed. Thanks and have a good day!
Are you sure? I can find other options in other parts of town?
How about italian food?
There is the pizza hut fen ditton in the east serving italian food.
Great! Please book a table for 6 at 16:15 on Saturday
Sorry, but no tables are available for that time slot. Would you like to change the time?
How about 15:15 then?
Your table is booked. Your reference number is QW8JZWZK. Can I help you with anything else?
Great. Thank you for your help today. That is all. 
Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that is in the east part of town.
Curry prince is a moderately priced restaurant serving indian food and located in the east part of town.
Can you give me the address and phone number?
Their address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388
Wonderful. Thank you for your help. 
Thank you for using our system!  Have a great day!
***
Is there a cheap restaurant in the north part of town? 
May I suggest Royal Spice, a cheap Indian restaurant in the north?  
Is there anything else?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is a cheap italian restraunt in the north area of town.
What is the address and phone number?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, and their phone number is 01223 351707.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you and goodbye!
***
I'm looking for a moderately-priced place to eat.
Excellent, we have over 31 possible choices. Do you have a location or cuisine preference?
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range in the centre of town. 
I have 21 restaurants that fit that requirement. What type of food are you looking for? Or would you like my recommendation?
Can you give me your recommendation please.
Restaurant One Seven serves British cuisine. Would you like me to book this for you?
Sure.  Can you book it for 2 people on Saturday at 11:30?
No, I'm sorry. I can't book that. Would you like to try another resturant?
Okay, how about another place in the same area and price range?
Yippee noodle bar was able to be booked, the reference number is 0Y6K4AF7.
Thanks so much.  That will be all I need today.  Have a nice day. Bye.
You are very welcome. Thank you for contact Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Good Bye.
***
I'd like to find a resturant that serves cheap Chinese food!
Charlie Chan is located in the centre and it is cheap! Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, go ahead and book it and please send me the address.  
The address is Regent Street City Centre. What day and time would you like to book? How many people?
I do not need to book it. What is the postcode and the area please?
The postcode is cb21db
Thanks very much!
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food in the moderate price range. 
I have found 4 restaurants that serve Chinese food. Which area would you be looking to dine in?
The centre. 
I found the jinling noodle bar. would you like me to book?
Yes, please book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on tuesday.
I am sorry they don't have an open table at that time. I can book a table at lan hong house. 
Is that in the same area and price range. I really want to make sure.
Yes It is in the same price range and area and your reservation number is G43TC012.
Thanks so much
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is everything I needed today. 
Thank you for using our service today.
***
Where in the east can I find a restaurant that serves venetian food?
I'm sorry there are no results for a venetian restaurant in the east, would you like to try a different area?
I prefer the east but I am open to other areas of town.
Do you want me to look at the center of the town?
Yes see if there are any venetian restaurants there
No there are not. Want to try a different restaurant type?
How about indian food?
I have 9 restaurants in the cetre that are Indian. Do you have a price range?
I would like expensive. 
There are five expensive indian places in the centre but i recommend panahar, would you like more info or a booking?
I'm sorry to trouble you but is there an expensive Indian restaurant in the east? It would be more convenient.
There are five, would you like me to book you one?
Yes, book one of the expensive Indian places in the east please.
Which day would you like to dine?
I would like to go on Monday at 18:00 please.
I would love to help! how many people?
It will be a party of 6.
None of the restaurants were available for that time. Would you like me to try a different time?
Yes. Please try 17:00.
THANKS VERY MUCH
Thank you also. Could I receive the reference number for the reservation, please?
I've booked you a table at pipasha restaurant. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is MIRO0QRD. Anything else I can help with?
No, thanks. That's everything.
You're welcome. Please let us know if there's anything else we can help you with.
***
I want an expensive restaurant and serves danish food.
I found no restaurants serving Danish food in the expensive price range.
asian oriental
Kymmoy is an Asian Oriental restaurant located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range.  Would you like their address?
What is the phone number and area?
The phone number for kymmoy is 01223 311911 and they are located in the centre of town. 
Thank you!  Goodbye!
You're very welcome. Thanks for calling us. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for the price range and address of the Meze Bar Restaurant 
They are in the expensive price range, and their address is 196 Mill Road City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all the info I needed. Thanks.
Alright, you're quite welcome! Enjoy your time in town!
***
I would like an expensive restaurant in the east part of town
What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care
grafton hotel restaurant is a nice restaurant that serves british food and is in the east part of town
can i have their address and post code please
sure, their address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 P.A
thank you for the help, good bye
you're welcome, enjoy!
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant.
What kind of food are you interested in?
French food.
There are expensive French restaurants in the centre and north areas of town. Do you have a preference for location?
I don't care.
How about Cote, which is in the expensive price range and serves French food?
I really have no desire for Cote. Are there other restaurants available? 
You could also try Restaurant Two Two.
Ok I will try this one. I would like the address and phone number please. 
restaurant two two address is 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton and the phone is 01223351880 is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. 
thank you. good bye
***
Is there any expensive restaurants in town serving Australian food?
I'm sorry, there are no Australian restaurants.  Would you like another type of food?
How about asian oriental food?
Kymmoy is an expensive asian oriental restraunt in town.
What is the phone number and area?
Kymmoy is in the centre of town and the phone number is 01223 311911. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you, I have all I need.  Goodbye!
You're welcome. Thanks for your call! Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for an Australian place to dine in. I need it to be cheap.
I'm sorry, there aren't any cheap Australian restaurants in town. Would you like me to look for a different restaurant type? 
Are there any that have Asian Oriental food?
There is a very nice and cheap Asian restaurant called Wise Buddha. Here is the address and phone number.
Could you book me a table for 4 on Friday at 14:00?
There was no Wise Buddha restaurant, sorry.  I booked a table for 4 at J Restaurant.  Reference number is WPA3IY8C.  I think you'll like it.  Anything else?
No, that should do it. Thanks for the help!
Glad to be of assistance. Have a great day! Bye.
***
I want a restaurant serving mediterranean food and I don't care about the price range.
I have found 3, la mimosa, the gardenia, and shiraz restaurant
None of those really interest me do you have anything else?
Shiraz Restaurant is an expensive restaurant serving mediterranean food and is the city centre.
Okay, what is the address and phone number of Shiraz please?
shiraz restaurant is located at 84 Regent Street City Centre and its phone number is 01223 307581. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
no, thank you 
you're welcome
***
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving English food.
No restaurant matching your description have been found.
How about find me a turkish one ?
There is one expensive Turkish restaurant in town: Meze Bar Restaurant.
Great! Where is it located?
It's in the centre of town, the address is 196 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
I am looking for some info on India House
India House is a restaurant located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham on the west side of town.  Is this the place you are referring to?
That sounds right. Could you reserve a table for 6 at 18:00 on Friday? 
I apologize but the booking was unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time?
Can you try for 17:00 instead?
Booking was successful for that time! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Here is your reference number:  6BCI3XF8.
Great! Thanks for your help, that's all I need. 
Great! Have a wonderful day!
***
Are there any Lebanese restaurants in the city?
ali baba is a nice lebanese place in the centre.
Can I have the phone number please.
Their phone number is 01462 432565.  Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Thank you, goodbye.
thank you goodbye
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that is in the east part of town.
The grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range. 
No, not that one. I'd like to know if there's anything else please.
I would recommend pipasha restaurant, a nice indian restaurant in the east.
I would like to know the address and phone number of pipasha restaurant and the type of food they serve
The address is at Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the phone number is 01223 577786. The restaurant serves indian food.
Thanks for the info! 
You're very welcome.
***
I'm wanting to find a restaurant. The location I want is the west and I want something in the moderate price range. Can you help me?
Certainly! There are 3 options for moderately priced restaurants in the West: British, Indian or Italian. Do you have a preference?
Could I have the phone number for the Indian restaurant?
Yes, the phone number for the meghna restaurant is 01223727410. What other information would you like?
That's all that I needed, thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
***
I want to visit an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. I need the address, phone number, and type of food.
There are five expensive restaurants available in the south part of the city.  Mexican, Italian, Indian, and two Chinese restaurants are available.  What type of food would you like?
Mexican will be fine. Could I have the address and phone please? 
Chiquito restaurant bar is a mexican restaurant located in the south part of town in the expensive price range.  Their phone number is 01223 400170 and their address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
Can you give me the price for a large pizza and what type of pizzas they offer at Pizza Express fen ditton please
Would you like to book a reservation at Pizza Express?
What is the price range of Pizza Express?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton is in the moderate price range.
What is the food type at Pizza Express?
It is italian food.
Okay, thank you.
Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you!
Alright. let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
***
Hi, is there a restaurant in town called the rice boat?
Yes there is. rice boat is an indian restaurant in the west. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please! I'd like a table on Sunday for 5 people at 20:00.
I'm sorry, but that time is unavailable. Is there another time you would like?
Could you try booking for 19:00 instead?
Booking was successful for 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : BL1DL1ZO.  Can I do anything else for you?
That is all! Thank you for your help! 
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I need a south restaurant with some greek food.
Is there a specific price range you are looking for?
No, any price range is fine.
I'm sorry, but there are no Greek restaurants in the south part of town.
How about italian? 
frankie and bennys is an italian restaurant in the south part of town.  Would you like their location?  
phone number and postcode, please.
The postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y and the phone number is 01223 412430
Thank you goodbye.
Okay thank you 
Thank you goodbye. 
thank you good bye
***
Yes, can you lookup the chiquito restaurant bar for me.
Yes I found it, what information would you like?
Can you book at table for 4 at chiquito on tuesday at 20:00 please.
Alright, your table will be booked for that time.
Thank you. May I get a reference number?
I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes in the same area and price range. I'll need a reference number too.
I booked a table at The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway.  Your reference number is MDK9A3PR.  The restaurant is at 82 Cherry Hinton Road.  Will that be all?
Thank you that will be all. Have a great day!
Thank you 
***
Can you direct me towards a moderately priced restaurant serving fusion food? 
Sorry, but there are no fusion restaurants in the area, Did you want to try a different type of restaurant?
European, then.
what area are you looking for?
Moderately priced European food. I will also need the address and postcode.
I have found five restaurants serving european food, four in the centre area and one in the south. Do you have a preference of area?
If they are all moderately priced, I do not care. Price is more important than location. 
galleria serves moderately priced european food. Their address is 33 Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.W
Thank you goodbye.
thank you good bye
***
I'm looking for a greek restaurant that is moderately expensive.  
I apologize I have no greek restaurant that is moderately expensive, or moderate or expensive is that is what you intended. Would you like another cuisine type?
Please try one that serves Turkish food.
Meze bar restaurant is available
Can you book a table for 5 people at 18:00 on Monday?
I've reserved a table for you. Anything else?
Yes, can I please get the reference number?
Of course, I'm so sorry that I didn't provide that earlier. Your reference number is BA8FS8Z5. Do you need any other assistance today?
No, thanks for your help.  Bye.
You are welcome.  Have a nice meal.  Bye.
***
Looking for a restaurant in the East side of town
It looks like there are 9 restaurants in the east side of town. Do you have a preference for the price range?
yes expensive restaurant please 
Grafton Hotel restaurant is in the expensive price range and located in the east part of town.
May I have the address and phone number please? 
grafton hotel restaurant is located at grafton hotel 619 newmarket road fen ditton and the phone number is 01223 241387. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Yes, I'd like the postcode too please.
The post code for the grafton hotel restaurant is C.B 5, 8 P.A. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all.  Thank you. 
Thank you, goodbye
***
Is there an expensive African restaurant in town.
Yes, The Bedouin in the city centre is a good, expensive restaurant.
Excellent! I don't need a table right now, but if you could give me the address and phone number, that would be great.
It is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223367660. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks. That would be all for today. Have a nice day. 
You're welcome, goodbye 
***
I am looking for a place serving christmas food in the centre of town.
It doesn't look like there are any restaurants of that type. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Do you have any Indian restaurants?
Yes, we have nine Indian restaurants in the center of town.  Do you have a preference in price range?
I actually would prefer gastropub type food and preferably in the moderate price range.
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar would be perfect for you! Would you like for me to book you a table?
Are there any other options for gastropub?
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is the only gastropub in all of Cambridge.
In that case, could you give me the address and phone number?
I sure can.  The address is Corn Exchange Street, and the phone number is 01223308871.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Thank you for calling us today. Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for a specific restaurant. It's called india house. Can you help with this?
Sure can.  India House is an expensive Indian restaurant in the west part of town.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes for 4 people at 16:30 on a Saturday. I will need a reference number as well.
I've made the reservation and the reference number is HD53UDCO. What else can I help you with? 
I think that takes care of everything, thanks!
Oh, it was my pleasure. I'm here if you need anything else.
Thank you. Have a great day!
You have a great day!
***
Is there a cheap restaurant serving belgian food? 
What area are you interested in?
I do not care what area it is in.
There are no cheap Belgian restaurants. Would you like to change your query?
How about a cheap restaurant serving Italian food?
da vinci pizzeria serves italian food in the cheap price range and in the centre of town, is there anything else i can help you with? 
***
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called prezzo
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west. Their phone number is 01799521260. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please, 4 people at 11:00 on Friday. Can you please provide me with the reference number?
You booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WYZGXOVQ.
thank you for helping me book a table for 4 at prezzo and providing the reference number
You are more than welcome!
***
Hi there. I heard someone mention the Bloomsbury Restaurant and I was wondering if you could give me some information for them.
Sure the Bloomsbury is located at Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street and their postcode and telephone number are cb23dt and 08719429180 respectively. Is there anything else you need?
I'd like to make a reservation for 6 at 11:00 on Sunday. 
Your table for 6 at 11:00 on Sunday at Bloomsbury is reserved (Reference #7354C6CL). Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help. 
You are welcome, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a moderately priced Scottish restaurant
I'm so sorry but it seems that I don't show any that will suit what you are looking for. Would you like to try a different price range or type?
I am looking for something in centre of town then
Yes I have many moderately priced venues in the center of town serving British food if you like.
I am not looking for British, I am looking for scottish food.
I'm sorry but there are no moderately priced Scottish restaurants in town. Would you like a different type of food?
Yes, Could you look for a Spanish restaurant instead?
There is la tasca. They are located at 14 -16 Bridge Street. Would you like to book it?
Yes please. Could you give me a table for tuesday at 12:00 for 2 people please.
I've booked your reservation. Is there anything else you need?
Can I have a reference number please?
Yes, it's XXNQ81IE.
Thank you. Have a lovely day.
Thank you too, good bye.
***
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant with modern european food. It should be in the moderate price range.
What area are you wanting to be in?
Doesn't really matter. Is there one in the centre?
Yes, there are 2: De Luca Cucina and Bar & Riverside Brasserie. Would you like further information?
Can I book De Luca Cucina and Bar for 6 people at 19:15 on saturday please?
Your tabled has been reserved for 6 people on Saturday at 19:15. The reference number is  9EB2IM2S.
Thank you so much.  That is all I need for now.  Have a great day.
Thank you. Goodbye.
***
Please recommend me an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food.
I'm not finding any restaurants that match your request. Would you like to try a different price range or food type?
European food?
There are four restaurants that serve European food. What part of town would you like?
I don't care where it is.
Eraina in the centre is an expensive european restaurant. Would you like further information? 
what is the price range ?
They are in the expensive price range. 
What is the address, phone number, and area?
Eraina is in the centre of town located at Free School Lane City Centre. Their number is 01223 368786. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That'll do. Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, and have a great day!
Thank you. Good bye.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay. Good bye.
***
a north part of town restaurant
do you have a price range preference? We have several restaurants in the north part of town
I do not care about the price range but would like somewhere serving indian food. 
There is a fairly cheap Indian restaurant named Royal Spice in the north part of town.
What is the address and phone number?
Royal spice is located at victoria avenue chesterton and its phone number is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Nope, that was all I needed.  Thank you.  Bye bye.
Thank you.
***
Hi, I'm looking for restaurants in the area that serve British cuisine. Could you give me some suggestions?
There are many Indian restaurants in the city. Could you tell me in what area you would like to eat?
Is there something available in the west?
Yes, there are 3. Would you like something in the moderate or expensive price range?
I don't care about the price range. However, I need to confirm that the restaurant serves British food and is in the centre of town.
The Restaurant One Seven meets your specifications of british food in the centre of town. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes. For 6 people at 19:30 on friday, please. I'll need the reference number. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Reference number is : 59JRJR4E.
Great thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed thank you
You're welcome. Have a great meal!
***
Hi, can you recommend me a good Asian restaurant? Something not too expensive?
There are two cheap asian restaurants in the centre of town. Would like information for either of those?
Hmm, I don't want to scrape the bottom of the barrel. Maybe something moderate but not too cheap.
The Yippee Noodle Bar would be perfect.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book for 4 people on Sunday at 11:45.
I'm sorry they aren't available at that time, would you like me to find something else?
How about a different restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced?
I have booked you at the Oak Bistro for 4 people on sunday at 11:45, your reference number is 2CG1XX8Q.  Is there anytihng else that I can assist with?
Nope, that will do it, thanks!
We hope that you have a great time at the Bistro.
Thanks. Good bye.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day.
***
I'd like a jamaican restaurant please.
There are no jamaican restaurants, would you care for another type of food?
alright then. how about portuguese?
There are two, Nandos City Centre as well as Nandos in the south part of the city, do you have a preference?
May I have the phone number and address for the south location?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, and the phone number is 01223 327908. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, goodbye.
Enjoy your meal! Good bye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves fusion food. 
What price range and area would you like?
I do not care about the price range or area. 
I'm sorry. There are no restaurants that serve fusion food in your area.
Ok, how about vietnamese food?
There is thanh binh in the west area at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone number is 01223 362456.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the west part of town.
There are 2 restaurants in the west part of town in the cheap price range. Would you like Italian or Vietnamese food?
Italian please! Can you book a table for me for 3 people? At 12:00 on Saturday?
I was successfully able to book you a table for 3 at 12:00 at la margherita. Your reference number is 9HCUDTJK. Would you like the address of the restaurant?
No, that will be all. Thanks.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal!
***
I need a restaurant
In what part of town?
East and expensive
There are several restaurant matches in this area. Would you like British, Indian, Gastropub, or Chinese?
address and phone number for the chinese restaurant
Here you go, 01223 248882, 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Anything else today?
No, This is it. Thank you 
Wait. How about that British restaurant? Where is it located?
Is there a welsh restaurant in the north part of town?
i am sorry no welsh restaurants in the north part of town.
thank you, good bye.
thank you good bye
***
Are there any restaurants that serve international food?
The Missing Sock serves international food on the east side, and is cheap. Should I book a table?
I'd prefer something in the centre of town if that's an option. 
The varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant are both located in the centre of town.
Bloomsbury sounds nice. Can you book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on Wednesday? 
Alright you're all booked. Would you like the reference number?
Yes please. Could I have it?
Of course.  It's VB3GHYNL.  Anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks so much for your help.
Have a great day!
***
I'm looking for British food. I want the restaurant to be in the town centre. 
Sure, there are quite a few British restaurants in the centre. Would you prefer something expensive or moderately priced?
It doesn't matter. Please give me the phone number to the restaurant you choose.
How about The Copper Kettle? The phone number is 01223365068.
Perfect, thank you very much for your help
Welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
No, I look forward to dining at the Copper Kettle. Thank you. Goodbye.
thank you for using our system, enjoy.
***
What is that european food place's address?
I found several places serving European food.  Do you have a preference as to the location? 
No, any part of town is fine.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food and is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a great day and enjoy your food.
***
Can you find me an italian restaurant in the centre?
Sure, there are 9 restaurants to choose from. Did you have a price range in mind?
I'm looking for something on the cheap side, please, although I'd like to get good value for the money.
There are three Italian restaurants in the center in the cheap range. They are pizza hut city centre, ask, and zizzi Cambridge. Which do you prefer?
Any of them will be fine. As long as it's cheap. I need a table for 4 on monday at 12:15 please.
I would recommend ask as it is a nice place.
Yes, please book ask for 4 people at 12:15 on monday.
I'm sorry but I couldn't book you there. How about another restaurant?
Yes please, same price range as before.
Okay I was able to get you into the Zizzi Cambridge and your reference number is GI0FZMKL.
Okay thank you very much for your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your lunch.
Thank you. I will.
Okay. Don't hesitate to call us if you need anything else.
***
Yes, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south.  Can you tell me what you have?
Sure. There is a Chinese Restaurant and a Portuguese Restaurant. Would you like me to book one for you?
Does this restaurant serve fusion food?
No, I'm sorry.  Either Chinese or Portuguese.
That's disappointing. Can you tell me about the Chinese restaurant?
It's called The Lucky Star. It's at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. 
Great can you book it for 1 person at 17:15 on saturday?
It isn't available.  Shall I try the Portuguese restaurant?
Yes, that would be fine, thanks.
Your table will be waiting for you. Your reference number is 6U8PG73H.
Thank you for you help. That is all I need. 
Great! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
***
I'm looking for somewhere to eat in the centre part of town, somewhere nice, price is no object.
There are quite a few restaurants. What cuisine would you like?
I would like the restaurant to have Indian food.
How about Curry garden? It looks great.
That sounds good.  I would like to book a table for 2 people on Friday at 17:15.
Sorry, the restaurant can't accomodate you. Want to try another day or time?
I will get back to you. Thank you for the help.
You're welcome. I look forward to when you call us again. 
Okay, until then. Have a good one, goodbye.
Have a great day. Goodbye.
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves basque food. 
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants matching your request.  Would you like to try something else? 
How about british food?
There are several moderately priced restaurants that serve British food.  Do you prefer a particular area of town?
I don't care. Give me their phone number.
Cotto is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre that serves British food. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please.
The phone number for Cotto is 01223 302010. Do you need any further assistance?
Nope! Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Good bye.
***
Hi, I am trying to find a restaurant serving Italian cuisine, something expensive please. What would you suggest?
i suggest stazione restaurant and coffee bar	italian	centre	expensive	01223352607	cb23nj	Market Hill City Centre
What area is that in please? The format you sent that in is very confusing. 
That is in the centre of the city.
Okay thank you for the help.
Thanks for using our services. Can I help with anything else?
No that was all, goodbye.
Have a great day.
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves creative food.
There are no results matching your query. Would you like to change your query?
Yes. How about a restaurant that serves European food?
De Luca Cucina and Bar is moderately priced and serves modern European food.
That sounds good, can I have the address and postcode please.
the address is 83 Regent Street, postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.W.
***
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant that serves venetian food. 
There is not matching places that fits your request. Can i help you with something else?
Are there any Asian Oriental restaurants in that price range?
Yes. Kymmoy is an expensive restaurant serving asian oriental food in the centre part of town. 
Thank you.  May I have their phone number? 
Their number is 01223 311911. Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you.
Thank You good bye
***
I need to find a restaurant call the nirala.
I'm sorry but I do not have a listing for that.
Perhaps you could try searching for "The Nirala"?
Yes, The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. It's a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the north area of town. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, could you book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on Saturday.
Sure. Your reference number is OY06ANHY. Anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need. Thank you.
Thank you for booking with us. Have a great day.
***
I am looking a place serving gastropub in the moderate price range. 
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the centre area. Would you like their address and phone number?
Most definitely.
The phone number for the cow pizza kitchen and bar is 01223 308871 and they are located at the Corn Exchange Street. Can I help you with anything else? 
No, that is all I need.  Thank you and goodbye!
You're welcome, thank you for calling. Goodbye.
***
I need a restaurant that serves Turkish food.
There are two moderately priced Turkish restaurants and one expensive one, all in centre area.  Do you have a price range preference?
I do not have a preference. 
anatolia serves turkish food in the moderate price range
What is the other turkish restaurant in the moderate price range?
Efes restaurant. Do you have any additional questions?
What is the address and price range?
they are in the moderate price range and the address is King Street City Centre
what is the food type they are good at ?
They serve turkish food. 
Thank you goodbye. 
Good bye. Thank you for contacting us.
***
I want crossover food at an expensive price. Can you help?
I'm sorry but we don't have any restaurants meeting that criteria.  Could you please try a different type?
is there something else in the West?
Grafitti has great British food in the west and fits the expensive pricerange you are looking for. Does this appeal to you?
Actually, I'd prefer a European restaurant. 
Cambridge lodge restaurant has good reviews and serves European food.
Please book for 1 person, sunday at 17:45.
I'm afraid they're full on Sunday at 17:45. Perhaps another day, or another time slot?
How about Sunday at 16:45 please for 1 person?
You are booked for Sunday at 16:45. Your reference number is 2W56MF47. May I help you with something else?
That's all. Thanks for the help!
You're welcome! Have a nice day!  Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called city stop restaurant
I have found the restaurant you are looking for. Would you like the address?
No, I just need to know the type of food they serve and the phone number.
The restaurant serves European food. Their phone number is 01223363270. Anything else?
That's all, thank you!
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
***
I am looking for a restaurant that is cheap and in the south part of town.
Nandos is a nice restaurant in the South part of town. It is in the cheap price range and serves Portuguese food. 
Is there anything else? And what is the address and phone number?
yes there is the lucky star serves chinese food in the cheap price range and in the south part of town, Its address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 327908.
No that is all. Thank you!
Have a nice day!
***
Hi! Are there any expensive Greek restaurants in town?
Unfortunately there are none. Would you like to try something else?
Are there any expensive French restaurants in town?
Yes, there are two: restaurant two two in the north at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton cb43ax  and cote in the centre at Bridge Street City Centre cb21uf. Anything else?
I'll take a table for 1 at 17:30 sunday at cote.
I'm sorry, there is no availability for Sunday at 17:30. Would you like to try a different day or time slot? 
Can I get a table at 16:30 instead?
Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is 48AQQ83Y.
Excellent, thank you!
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all.  Thanks again.  Bye.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
***
I'm looking for a restaurant serving barbeque in the centre of town. 
Sorry, there are no barbeque restaurants in the centre. Can I help you find something else?
Can you find a restaurant that has asian or oriental food?
Yippee noodle bar serves aisan oriental food.
Could you give me their postcode please?
Yes, Yippee Noodle Bar is in postcode cb11lh. Can I be of any further assistance today?
Thanks all I need today. Thank you.
Thank you. Have a good day, goodbye.
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town
There are 3 moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town; Meghna, Prezzo, and Saint Johns Chop House. How else may I assist you?
What is the phone number and address of one of them?
Meghna is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton and their number is 01223 727410. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
goodbye!
Goodbye. 
***
Is there anything cheap in the centre of town?
Do you have a food type preference? 
Would you have something modern european? 
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill offers Modern European cuisine. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Can I have their phone number, postcode and address please? 
I'd be happy to provide you with that information. Their phone number is 01223307030 and their address and postcode are Quayside off Bridge Street, cb58aq. Can I help with anything else?
No, that is all.  You have been very helpful.  Thanks.  Bye.
You're welcome, have a nice day!
***
I'm looking for vietnamese food. I would like the restaurant name and address. 
There is a Vietnamese restaurant called Thanh Binh at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town
Do you have a certain price range or food type you are looking for?
vietnamese food
Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west of town, and is in the cheap price range.
Phone number and postcode please
Thanh Binh's phone number is 01223 362456, their postcode is C.B 3, 0 A.F
Thank you, good bye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'd like a restuarant with Asian Oriental food located in the centre, please.
The dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant serving asian oriental food in the centre. Would you like to book at this restaurant?
That sounds perfect. I don't need a reservation though. 
Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, could you just give me the contact information for the restaurant?  Phone, address and postcode?
Sure the Phone 01223363471, address 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and postcode cb21rq for dojo noodle bar. May I help with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need. Thanks!
You're welcome. Feel free to contact us again if you need anything else.
***
I'm trying to find an Irish restaurant that can provide me with some unique fine dining.  I expect this to be expensive, can you give me some options?
I do not have any expensive Irish eateries, could we try something else?
Any European restaurants?  Cost doesnt matter.
There are 5 restaurants Eraina is available in the centre of town.
Can you recommend me one that's expensive? And book the table for 6 people at 14:00 on tuesday. Thanks!
Okay I was able to book you at Eraina at 14:00 on Tuesday for 6 people. your reference number is 2OCXGNUP.
Thank you so much. Have a great day!
Would you like the address for the restaurant?
Nope. Got everything I need.
Have a great day!
***
Can you give me the phone number of a moderately priced restaurant in the North part of town?
The phone number for Golden Wok is 01223 350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, is there another moderately priced restaurant in the north? 
The Nirala is a moderately priced restaurant in the north of town, and it serves Indian food. Would you like the phone number?
yes, I would like their phone number and postcode, please. 
The phone number is 01223 360966. And the postcode is C.B 4, 1 U.Y.
Thank you, Nirala sounds good.  Goodbye.
You're welcome.  Bye.
***
I'd like to find a place that serves moderately priced chinese food. 
I show dour restaurants that serve chinese food. Three are located in the centre and one is in the North area. They are all  moderately priced. May I start by offering you the Jinling Noodle Bar?
That sounds great. Could you make a reservation for 7 people at 13:45 this Friday please?
There are no reservations available at that time. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes please.  Is there another restaurant in the area in that price range that is available at that time?
I have booked a reservation for you at the Lan Hong House. Your reference number is BMU049L6. DO you need anything else?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you. Good bye.
Good bye, have fun!
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the north side of town. 
Golden Wok is a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, that serves Chinese food.
What is their address?
The Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you good  bye 
You're welcome, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre area.
I have 69 places, which type of food would you like or price range?
I'd like a vegetarian restaurant.
Unfortunately, there are no vegetarian restaurants. Is there another cuisine you would like to try?
That's disappointing. Can you try international food instead?
I have two international restaurants available.  is there a price range you would like to stay within?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range.
the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant are in the moderate price range. Which one would you like?
***
I'm looking for something moderately priced in the west part of town, could you get me the number and full address please?
The phone number for Meghna is 01223727410. It is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton
Thank you goodbye.
enjoy your meal!
***
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the east and should be in the moderate price range
The Curry Prince restaurant is in the east and is moderately priced. Their phone is 01223566388.
Thank you for the help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you book me a table for 6 at 19:45 on Saturday?
Your table is reserved. Your reference number is U60SC89J. May I help you with something else?
Would you confirm this is an Indian restaurant, please? It sounds like one.
Yes it is an Indian restaurant in the east.
Great, that is all I need today. Thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you so much for calling us today.
You're welcome and goodbye.
Have a wonderful day and let us know if you need any further assistance.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the west that serves vegetarian food.
Unfortunately, I don't happen to show any restaurants specializing in vegetarian food. Can I try looking for another type of restaurant for you? 
Yes go ahead. How about Indian? They always have vegetarian options. I would like it to be moderately priced too.
Yes sure! I have quite a few. Do you have a price range in mind?
I want a Moderate price range please.
For moderate pricing, I have the Meghna restaurant in the west. It's located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Can I reserve you a table? 
No thanks, I'd like to give them a call instead. What is their phone number?
The contact number for the Meghna is 01223727410. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh yes, actually I need the postcode too. 
Of course. It's cb43lf. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is everything. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our service, and I hope you enjoy your meal at Meghna. Goodbye!
***
I'm looking for mid range spanish restaurants, can you help me?
I have a listing for la tasca in the centre area,can I book you a table there?
Sure. That sounds like a nice place. Go ahead and book that for me.
What day and time are you looking for? How many people will be in your party?
I need a table for 6 people Sunday night at 17:00.
I was unable to find a table at that time. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Can you find me something along the same price and in the same area please?
There are no other Spanish places in that area, another area or type perhaps?
Any in the same area, and price range please. 
The Copper Kettle is a British restaurant in the centre area with a moderate price range, would you like me to book that for you?
Okay, again for 6 people Sunday at 17:00.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 840ZVK1R.
OK, that's all I need today, thank you!
You're welcome. Please call again.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town in the cheap price range.
I found several that fit your request! What type of food would you like?
No preference. Can you recommend me one and give me their postcode and phone number? Thanks!
Sure, how about dojo noodle bar postcode cb21rq and 01223363471 phone number. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you not at this time.
The phone number is 01223363471 if you need it.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope you gave me everything I wanted to know. Thanks bye!
Okay.  Glad to have helped!
***
I want the phone number to a moderately priced restaurant with Spanish food.
la tasca would fit the bill. its phone number is 01223 464630 .
Can you tell me what area of town it is located? 
La tasca is located in the Centre part of town.
Thank you goodbye. 
You're welcome.
***
I am looking for a place to dine in the west.
Yes I have many restaurants to choose from in the west. Do you have a price range preference?
Yes I would like it to be expensive. 
There are nine restaurants available. Do you have a food type preference?
No preference on type.
graffiti is a nice place and is in expensive price range.Would you like the address ?
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
I found several restaurants meeting your criteria. Would you prefer indian, italian or british food? 
I have no preference. Can I get the phone number and address of one?
meghna serves indian food, in the moderate price range and in the west part of town, its phone number is 01223 727410 and the address is 205 victoria road chesterton. is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, thank you. That is all I needed.
thank you, goodbye
***
Good Afternoon.  I am trying to find an Indian restaurant to eat at.  I would prefer something expensive.  Can you help me?
There are several Indian restaurants to choose from. What area of town would you like?
I would like it to be in the center. I will need a number, address and postcode.
The Curry Garden is good.  It is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp.  The phone number is 01223302330.  Would you like me to reserve it?
Thank you for all that information.  Yes, I would like to make a reservation.
Great, when would you like the reservation and for how many should I reserve it for?
Yes, I would like a reservation for one please.
What day and time would you like to go?
I've changed my mind, I don't want to book it yet. Can you give me the area, address, and phone number, please?
Certainly. Curry Garden is in the city centre at 106 Regent Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223302330. What other information can I get for you? 
That's all I need today. Thanks for your help!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
Golden Wok is a moderately priced restaurant in the north side of town. 
What type of food does Golden Wok serve?
The Golden Wok serves Chinese food.  Would you like more information?
Yes what is the address for the business?
They are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Great. I have everything I need, Thank you  
You're welconme
***
Hi, I'm looking for restaurants in the area. Could you recommend any moderately-priced establishments that are located near the town centre.
Yippee noodle bar is available if you would like to book that.
Is that a gastropub restaurant?
It is not, but The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is a gastropub in the center of town, and it is a moderate price range. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. For 6 people at 17:15 on Tuesday.
I've booked that for you. Your confirmation number is UGFBZ3HB. They'll hold the table for 15 minutes.
thanks you very much that's all i need.
Great, I hope you enjoy your dinner!
***
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of town, could you provide me with some options to choose from please?
There are 9 italian restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a price range?
I'd like a cheap one, please.
There are 3 cheap Italian restaurants. I would recommend Pizza Hut City Centre. Would you like to book a table?
What are the other two restaurants in this price range?
The two other restaurants that are relatively cheap are a restaurant called Ask and the other is Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like more info on one of those?
Yes please. What are the phone numbers of those places?
The phone number for Ask is 01223364917, the one for Zizzi Cambridge is 01223365599. Is there anything else I can help with?
Not now. Thanks for your help, goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
Can you tell me about the J Restaurant?
The J restaurant serves cheap asian oriental food in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223307581. The address is 86 Regent Street City Centre.
Can you make reservations for 6 at 14:30 on Thursday?
Yes I certainly can! Your reservation was successful and your booking reference is 5F3KBH78.
You have been very helpful. Thank you. goodbye.
Glad to help.  Have a great day and enjoy your meal.  Good bye.
***
I am looking for african food
There is one African restaurant listed called bedouin. Would you like more information for this restaurant?
Yes. I need the address please.
The address is 100 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.
***
I need help finding a portuguese restaurant located in the centre, can you assist me please?
Hi I found a restaurant. It is Nandos city centre and it is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Is this restaurant in the cheap price range?
Yes, it is. May I help you book?
Yes, please book for Thursday at 12:45 for 7 people.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Hmm, okay, how about another restaurant in the same area and price range?
There are several.  The Gardenia served mediterranean.  You might be interested in it.   Ask and Zizzi serve Italian. 
Okay let's try that place.
Great news I was able to book you into there and the reference number is 2HILQZBF.
Which restaurant were you able to book me into?
I was able to get you in at Ask on Thursday at 12:45 for 7 people. There is a new reference number, though. Use 0SLQNHXA.
Thank you. That is all I need.
My pleasure! Have a nice day.
Thanks, I'm all done here. 
Thank you and I hope you enjoy the restaurant. Have a great day.
***
I'm looking for an Indian restaurant in the west.
Yes I have many options for you. How about the Tandoori Palace?
That might work.  What is the price range of Tandoori Palace?
It is an expensive restaurant on the west side of town.  Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No that's OK, but could you give me their address and postcode please.
Sure, it is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton in the cb43le post code.  Can I help with anything else today?
I believe that's all I need.  Thanks!
You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
***
Are there any cheap cantonese restaurants in town?
Yes, there are many cheap restaurants in Cambridge! What type of food would you like?
I'd prefer Cantonese, but I'd be up for Italian if necessary.
I don't have a cheap Cantonese option, but I do have 5 Italian places in that price range. Is there an area in the city you'd like to dine at?
How about an italian place for 3 people at 17:45 on wedensday
I'd like to recommend la margherita, found in the North.
That would be great - can you make that reservation?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is GGYMVIIA. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That's all I needed. Thanks!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre.
I have many. Could we narrow it down a bit by the type of cuisine you may be looking for?
I'd like to try Indian cuisine. I a table for three  at 15:45 on Monday.
I can't seem to find a table that is available at that time. Would you be interested in trying a different day or a different time slot?
Yes, let's try for 14:45 instead. 
Booking at Curry Garden was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3HVUQFTT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all I needed right now. Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
***
Hi.  I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Danish food.
I'm afraid there are no Danish restaurants in the city. Is there another cuisine you'd like?
How about thai?
There are two restaurants serving Thai food. Is the expensive price range okay for you?
I don't care.
bangkok city is a nice thai restaurant in the expensive price range.  Would you like their location? 
Centre please
Correct, Bangkok City is located in the centre part of town. Would you like the specific contact information?
Yes, I will need their address and phone number.
The address is 24 Green Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 354382.
thank you very much!
You are welcome!
Thank you goodbye.
you are welcome, goodbye
***
i am looking for a restuarant in the expensive price range and should be in the centre
I have found many restaurants with the criteria you gave me offering different kinds of food. Do you have a preference for type of food?
I would prefer welsh food, please!
I don't have any Welsh restaurants that meet your criteria. Would British or European be ok, or would you like a more exotic cuisine instead?
How about italian food?
How about caffe uno?
Sure. What is their phone number and address there
Caffee Uno is located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223448620.
That is everything, still ironing out details, so I will call them later, thanks for your help.
You are quite welcome.  Do you need any further assistance?
That was all I needed for now. Thanks
Thank you for using our services.
***
Yes I am looking for an expensive place to eat that is located in the city center.
There are quite a few restaurants in the center.  What kind of cuisine are you interested in?
Hmm. I feel like discovering something new. Which restaurant would you recommend?
I would recommend Papadoux they are very expensive and right in the center of town
That sounds great. Could you book a table for one at 11:15 on Friday?
I'm sorry, Papadoux is not coming up. There is an expensive African restaurant called Bedouin in city centre. Would you like me to try that one instead?
Yes, or any in the same expensive range and the centre area. 
I apologize the Bedouin does not have any open seats for that day and time.  Would you like me to try another restaurant?
Yes one in the same area and price range please.
Okay I was able to book you into the Kymmoy, an expensive Asian restaurant in the center of town and your reference number is YCQWEGOS.
Great! Thank you so much for your help.
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you for all your help.
So happy we could be of service today. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
***
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant to go to. 
There are 57 expensive restaurants in the area. Do you have a food type preference or an area preference?
What's your favorite place on the south side of town?
Frankie and bennys is a good, expensive Italian restaurant in the south area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
That would be great. Please make the reservation for 17:45 on Monday. Just 1 person. 
Okay, you're all set! Reference number is 3AP8E11K, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you so much.
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
There is five restaurants to your request.
I would like Italian food.
Frankie and Bennys serves Italian food in the south part of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, what is their phone number and where are they located at?
Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and phone number is 01223 412430
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
I'm looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range in the east.
There are 3 moderately priced restaurants on the east side. Do you prefer Indian or Italian food?
Is there one with unusual food?
No, I'm afraid Indian or Italian are the only options. 
Ok, tell me whats available in Indian food. 
For indian food, I have the Curry Prince restaurant and Rajmahal. They are both moderately priced and located in the east. Can I tell you more about one of those?
Yes. Give me the address and postcode for one of those, please.
The address and postcode for Curry Prince is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, cb58jj. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all the information I need. Thanks for your help!
Enjoy! Goodbye! 
***
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area. 
You have your choice of La Margherita, which serves Italian food, or Thanh Binh, which offers vietnamese cuisine.
Let's go with La Margherita. Could you book a table for 2 people at 13:30 on Saturday?
I was unable to book that, would you like me to try something else?
Yes as long as its in the same area and price range. I need a reference number too then please
I was able to get you into Thanh Binh. Your reference number is CLIBOL1Q.
Okay that is all I need for now.
Thank you and goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant serving spanish food, please. 
La Tasca is a moderately priced Spanish restaurant in Centre. 
Please provide address and postcode.
The address is 14 -16 Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome.  Good bye.
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. 
The nirala is located in the north part of town and in the moderate price range.
What kind of food is that?  Also what is the address and phone number?
Indian food.  The address is 7 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 360966.  Is there anything else I can help you find?
Thank you that is all.
Your welcome. Goodbye.
***
Can you help me find a moderately priced place to eat located in the centre?
Certainly, there are many restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have a food type preference?
Yes, do any serve international food?
I have 2. The varsity restaurant and bloomsberry. Both serve international food and are in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Can you check to see if either has booking for 5 people at 17:15 on monday?
Neither are available at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
No, I need 17:15 on Monday.  Perhaps a different restaurant in the centre with moderate prices?  Any cuisine is fine.
I was able to book you for the yippee noodle bar, your reference number is E6ERFBKG
Thank you and goodbye
Good bye to you, let us know if you need us again. 
***
Hello.  Could you help me locate a good moderate restaurant in the south of the city?
There are 2 options. Pizza hut cherry hinton serves Italian food and Restaurant alimentum serves modern European food.
Do you have anyplace that serves Chinese food?
I'm sorry, there are no Chinese restaurants located in the south that is moderately priced.
OK I will go with Italian food and pick the Pizza hut cherry hinton. Thank you for your help.
Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book a table for 4 people at 19:00 on Sunday. Thank you.
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Can we try another day or a differen't time slot?
How about 18:00?
Good news! Your reservation has been booked for Sunday at 18:00 for 4 people. The reference number is YJ0B5W19. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all! Thank you! 
Have a great day!
***
I'm looking for a restaurant called de luca cucina and bar
No problem, I've got it right here. They are located at 83 Regent Street and their phone number is 01223356666, is there anything else?
Yes can you help me with a reservation for Monday night at 18:15?
Yes, I can. How many seats do you need?
Just two. It's for my wife and I.
I am sorry I don't have that available, perhaps you would like to try another place to dine?
Yea is there another restaurant that has the same area and price as de la cucina and bar?
Yes.  There are five restaurants in that area in price range.  Would you prefer british or asian food?
Lets try for Asian please
yippee noodle bar serves asian oriental. Would you like me to book it
***
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
What is the food type you would prefer?
I don't care. I just need to know the address, phone number, and postcode of the venue please.
How about Sitar Tandoori, It's address is 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton, their postcode is C.B 1, 9 H.X, and their phone number is 01223 249955.
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve indian food. 
Thank you, goodbye
Thank You
goodbye
Good day!
***
Can you help me find and expensive Thai restaurant? 
Sala Thong is an expensive Thai restaurant on the west side. Would you like to book there?
That would be great. I need a table on Sunday at 15:45 for 6 people, please.
I have made your reservation.  The reference number is S2AY04JF.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. I think that's all I need today, goodbye.
Thank you for calling, enjoy, goodbye!
***
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves Vietnamese food in the East.
Sorry, there are no Vietnamese places in the East. Would you like to try a different area?
Yes, I am willing to go to a different area for Vietnamese food.
Thanh binh is in the west part of town
How about an international restaurant instead on the east? 
The Missing Sock is a cheap restaurant on the east side of town that serves international food. Would you like more information on that place?
Yes please. Can I get the postcode.
Sure, the phone number is 01223812660.
Not the phone number, the postcode, please.
My apologies. The postcode is cb259aq.
Thank you very much.  I am all set.  Bye.
You are welcome.  Good bye.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Cuban food. 
I am sorry there are no Cuban restaurants in the cheap price range. Is there anywhere else you will like to search for?
Could you look for Chinese restaurants instead?
There are 3 in the centre and one in the south. Charlie Chan is one of the cheap Chinese restaurants in the centre.
Can I get the address and phone number of Charlie Chan, please?
Charlie Chan's phone number is 01223 361763 and the address is Regent Street City Centre. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you, that is all I need.  Goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye!
***
I am looking for a restaurant serving turkish food in the centre part of town. 
Anatolia is a Turkish restaurant, it is in the moderate price range, and it is in the centre part of town. Would you like the phone number?
I don't care.
Is there anything else you want?
Yes, I would like a different selection please. What other places serve Turkish food?
There is efes restaurant in the moderate price range and meze bar restaurant in the expensive range. Both of them in the centre. Do you like their information? 
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and good bye.
***
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. What is the phone number and address?
restaurant alimentum is a moderately price restaurant in the south area of town. their phone number is 01223 413000 and their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome and thank you for calling. Goodbye.
***
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town
There are three moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town. Do you prefer indian, italian, or british?
Can I have the address and phone number of the Italian location?
Prezzo is at 21-24 Northampton Road, and can be reached at 01799 521260. Can I be of further assistance? 
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
Hello.  I'm looking for a cheap place to eat in the centre.  Can you help me?
There are 15 places do you have a food preference?
Yes, I'd love Chinese.
There are 3 Chinese restaurants meeting your requirements. May I recommend one for you?
Sure, pick your favorite and let me have the address, postcode, and phone number please?
The golden house is located at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, postcode cb21eg, and the phone number is 01842753771. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please make me a reservation.
Certainly. How many people are dining, and what day and time would you like?
Actually, I don't need a reservation right now. The restaurant information was all I needed. Thanks for your help. 
You are welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge. 
***
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that serves international food.
Unfortunately, I was unable to find a restaurant in the south that serves international cuisine. Is there another type of cuisine that would interest you?
No, I really need a restaurant in the south that serves international food.
There is international food in the east and centre of town. The south has many cuisines but no international food.
Are there any restaurants in the south that serve Indian food?
Taj tandoori is a Indian place that is in the south. The number is 01223412299.
Will you please book a table for 4 people at 16:15 on wednesday?
Unfortunately, the time and day you've chosen is unavailable. Would you like to book a different time or day?
We can go earlier. How about 15:15, please?
Booking was successful for 15:15. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is  XQA73LQL. Anything else?
Great, that was all. Thanks
You're very welcome! Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a chinese restaurant in the south.
There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the south.  Two are expensive and one is cheap.  Would you like more information or to make a reservation? 
Yes could you book a table for 5 at any one of them please?
You are booked at the good luck chinese food takeaway. Your reference number is ARDCXT6O
Thanks so much. That will be all for today.
Have a great time! 
***
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
Do you have a certain type of food in mind?
I don't care
Frankie and Bennys is an expensive Italian restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like their address?
What other options are there?
In the expensive range there are two chinese restaurants and one indian in the south part of town.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?
The peking restaurant is located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 354755.
That will do, thank you!
thank you and good bye
***
I'm looking for yu garden, can you help me find it?
Yes. Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. It's phone number is 01223248882. Do you need anything else?
Would you please book me a table for two at 14:30 on Monday?
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to find another restaurant?
What is the area and price range for the Yu Garden, please?
Yu Garden is an expensive restaurant in the East part of town that services Chinese food.
That sounds great. Could you book it for me please, and give me the reference number
Yu Garden is not open then, shall I try another place to dine?
Yes, please try another different restaurant in the same area with same price range. 
I was able to book grafton hotel restaurant reference number is PC2VLUZW.
Thank you, that is all I need. Bye. 
Okay glad I could be of help.
***
I would like a restaurant in the east part of town that serves british food
There is one british restaurant in the east part of town called grafton hotel restaurant. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please along with the phone number and the post code.  Thanks.
It's located at the Grafton Hotel restaurant.  The phone number is 01223 241387, and the postal code is C.B 5, 8 P.A.
Wonderful, thank you.
No problem, have a good time. Good bye.
***
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves belgian food
There aren't any belgian restaurants in the area. Would you like to search for something else?
Portuguese, please.
For portuguese food, there is Nandos in the south part of town or Nandos City Centre. Would you like the contact information for either of those?
Yes, please.  I will take the phone number and address for Nandos in the south area.
Absolutely, nandos is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way. Its phone number is 01223327908. Would you like anything else? 
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
***
i would like an expensive restaurant that serves irish food
there are no matches for that search
How about modern european food?
There's darrys cookhouse and wine shop, located in the centre of town. Would you like their information?
Yes please, I would like the address and the phone number. 
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is located at 40270 King Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 505015.
Thank you.  Goodbye!
you are welcome is there anything else i can help you with?
No, thank you. Goodbye.
Have a nice day!
***
Is there any place serving cheap indian food? 
I found three in the centre part of town and one in the north. Which area do you prefer?
I don't care. 
Kohinoor is an indian restaurant, in the cheap price range and in the centre. Do you want the address and phone number? 
Of course!
Kohinoor's address is 74 Mill Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223 323639. May I help you with anything else?
no thank you . that's all I need. good bye 
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
I would like to eat in the Center of town at a expensive place.
For Town Centre, there are African, Asian Oriental, and British options. Which of these would you prefer?
How about African? I'd like to book a table for 7 at 16:15 on Tuesday.
I have booked a table at bedouin African restaurant for 7 people at 16:15 tuesday. Your reference number is VAZCWIS6. May I help with anything else?
Nope that's all I needed! Thanks!
Okay great. Enjoy your dining experience.
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town serving persian food. 
There aren't any restaurants serving Persian food in the north part of town. Would you like me to look in a different area?
Are there chinese restaurants in the north part of town?
There are three Chinese restaurants in the north part of town. What price range would you like?
Any price range would be fine. 
There are three restaurants that serve Chinese food in the north part of town. Would you like me to list them?
Please provide a phone number for one of the restaurants. 
Golden Wok is a chinese restaurant located in the north part of town, and the phone number is 01223 350688. 
Can i have the phone number to one more restarant please?
The Hakka also serves Chinese food and is on the north side of town. Their phone number is 01223 568988. Is there anything else I can help you with.
No, thank you.  That is good.  Good bye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves european food. 
Would the centre part of town be convenient for you?
I don't care.
May I suggest the Hotel du Vin and Bistro?
Can you please give me the address and phone number?
Their address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street and phone number is 01223 227330.
Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. What is the phone number and type of food?
grafton hotel restaurant serves british food, is in the east part of town and in the expensive price range.  Their phone number is 01223 241387
Ok, thank you.
You're welcome.
***
Yes, please help me find a restaurant in the center of town.
There are 69 restaurants in the centre of town.  You can narrow it down further by price range or cuisine type. 
It should be in the moderate price range.
I have 4 that serve british food and 1 that serves asian. 
I would like to book the asian one for tuesday.
What time and for how many people would you like to book?
19:00, for 6 people.
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different location?
As long as its in the same area and price range that will be fine I also need the reference number too
I was able to get you a booking at restaurant one seven.  It is british. Will that one be good?
Yes can, I please get the reference number?
Okay your reference number is 9RXQYEIO.
Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
***
I am looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the centre of town.
Do you have a price range preference? There are two cheap, 1 moderate, and 1 expensive.
I'm interested in a cheap place. What can you tell me about those?
We have dojo noodle bar, and j restaurant which are both cheap restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to book one of those?
Yes, get me a table for two at Dojo noodle bar on Wednesday at 16:00
There are no tables available at the time requested.  Would you like to try another time or day?
Hmm.. can you try at 15:00 instead? 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H6OB1O8J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all.  Thanks!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
Hi! Can you give me some information on the Golden Curry restaurant?
The golden curry is an expensive indian restaurant located in the centre of town. Is there anything else you would like to know?
That sounds great. I would like a table for 5 people at 19:00 on tuesday.
Unfortunately, that day/time are unavailable. Would you like me to try a different time or day?
Okay try 18:00 instead.
That time is available, so I've made your reservation. The reference number is OSHZUPSD. What else can I do for you? 
That's all that I needed today, thanks!
Great. Glad I could help. Enjoy your meal. 
Thanks, I will. Bye!
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Bye!
***
I'd like to find a north american restaurant in any area. I'd  like the address, phone, and price range.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen is a restaurant serving North American food and in the Expensive price range. The phone number is 01223 312598 and the address is Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye.
Good bye.
Thank you.  Goodbye!
***
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the south and should be in the cheap price range
How about nandos, I've heard great things!
Is that restaurant in the south? I"d like to book for 4 people at 1330 on saturday please
Nandos is indeed in the south. The booking is successful with the reference number PCFFZ610. Do you need more help?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
You are more than welcome!

***
In the west part of town, are there any upscale pricey restaurants?
Yes, there are 9. What cuisine would you like?
I'm not picky; do you have a favorite? I'd appreciate it if you would choose one for me and give me the address. Thanks!
I would suggest Graffiti, it is british food. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, I just need the address.
Here is the address you are looking for, Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road.
Great, I think that's everything I need. Thank you for helping me.
You're very welcome, I hope you have a great dinner. Is there anything else at all that I can assist you with?
Nope, as I said, that's all I need.
Thank you for using our services.
***
Hello there. Any suggestions on a good seafood restaurant located in the centre of town?
loch fyne is a seafood restaurant in the centre of town. It is in the expensive price range. Would that work?
Yes, that will be fine. Could you make a reservation for 3 at 12:30 on Saturday? 
Your table is reserved for 12:30 on Saturday. Your reference number is 3L2HYBCY.
Thank you so much. That was all I needed today. Have a good afternoon. 
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
***
Could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?
There are 33 in that area. Please choose a food type. African, Asian, British, Chinese, European, French, Gastropub, Indian, Japanese, Korean, Mediterranean, North American, Modern European, Seafood, Thai, or Turkish. 
I want to try Seafood. Can you book for 4 people at 17:45 on Thursday?
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like Loch Fyne has tables at that time, and they're the only one that focuses on seafood. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Please try booking any different restaurant in the same area and price range as Loch Fyne.
Ok, I can book at Bedouin if you would like? They serve african food.
Yes,and book it for 4 people on Thursday at 7:45,thank you.
Ok I have booked a table for 4 at Bedouin on Thursday at 7:45.
Could you please give me the reference number?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is BTY06386. May I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed.  Goodbye.
You are welcome.  Enjoy your dinner.  Bye.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. 
The missing sock is located in the east part of town and in the cheap price range.
could i have the phone number and address please?
The phone number is 01223 812660 and the address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
Thank you, goodbye
Glad to help.  Goodbye.
***
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
there are 5 expensive restaurants in the east, what food type do you want ?
I don't care. 
How about the Royal Standard at 290 Mill Road City Centre?
What is the phone number? 
Their phone number is 01223 247877.
***
Hello, I'm trying to find an expensive asian oriental restaurant. Can you help me find one?
Saigon city is in the north of town and Kymmoy is in the center.
Could you book one of them for Thursday at 13:15 for 5 people? Thanks
I have booked you a table for 5 at Kymmoy at 52 Mill Road City.  Reference number 1BBUM6YN.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. 
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Goodbye!
***
I need a restaurant that serves european food please
What area are you looking for?
Anything in the area would be fine
Galleria is a nice restaurant serving European food, is in the centre of town and is moderately priced.
I am looking for something in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry there is no one serving european food in the expensive price range
***
I want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. I need its address and phone number please 
La Margherita serves cheap italian in the west area.  It is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone 01223 315232
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you.
***
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town? 
There are a total of 15 different cheap restaurants located in the centre of town. Is there a particular type of food you are wanting?
Surprise me.  What food type can you recommend?
I have a great portuguese restaurant if you care to try it. It's called Nando's City Centre. Or if you prefer, I have anything from italian to spanish as well.
What's the post code for Nando City?
It is cb23ar.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks!
You're welcome, enjoy your meal!
***
Please suggest me a venetian restaurant in the moderate price range .
I'm sorry. There is not a restaurant meeting those criteria.  Would you like to try something else? 
Ok, how about a restaurant that serves gastropub type of food?
There is one moderately priced gastropub in the town centre called The Cow Pizza Kitchen And Bar.
Great! can you please give me the address and phone number? 
the phone and address are 01223 308871 Corn Exchange Street
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a nice day!  Thank you, goodbye.
***
I need a restaurant in the Centre moderate priced
Restaurant One Seven is a good choice. Which day?
Does it serve Chinese food?
No, but I have three other options for you to choose from.
What are they?
I have the Lan Hong House, Jinling Noodle Bar and the Shanghi Family Restaurant that are all moderately priced and serving Chinese food.
I would like a table for 8 at 16:30 wednesday at Shanghi Family Restaurant please.
I was not able to book that for you at that time. Is there another time that would work for you?
Yes.  I could eat at 15:30 perhaps.
That time is available!  I have booked the reservation.  The reference number is V0KCN2RI.  Is there anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for the help. 
Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve italian food and should be in the moderate price range
There are five Italian restaurants in the moderate price range. Four have pizza in their names and then there is Prezzo.
Could I book through you a table at the Prezzo for 8 on 17:15 this Friday, as well as get the reference number for the Prezzo?
I have booked that for you and your reference number is S6VDPMW3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nothing else. Thanks for your great help. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. Any kind of food is good with me; I would just like to know the phone number of the venue you find. 
Restaurant Alimentum's phone number is 01223 413000.
Can you tell me what type of food they serve? 
Restaurant Alimentum serves modern European food.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're very welcome. Have a good evening. 
***
 i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve Chinese food and should be in the center.
How does the Rice House sound? It is a personal favorite.
Is it expensive? I would like an expensive restaurant. 
No, the Rice House is in the cheap price range. Would you like to try the Ugly Duckling instead?
Sure.  Can you make a reservation for me?  There will be 8 of us, at 12:30 on Saturday.
Your table is booked, the reference number is NEFPTQ46. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is it for today, thank you and goodbye.
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
***
Hello! I'm looking for information on Restaurant One Seven.
Sure, restaurant one seven serves british food in the centre area and is moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, could you book me a table for 3 people on Tuesday at 14:15.
Unfortunately there is nothing available for Tuesday at 14:15. Would another time or day work for you? 
Can we try the same day for 13:15? 
Your booking was successful. Your Reference number is 98OLERPX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help!
You're very welcome. Enjoy your meal. Goodbye!
***
I need to find an expensive restaurant in the west.
We have quite a few spots. Do you have a specific type of food you'd like to eat?
No, I don't really care.  Can you suggest one?
Tandoori Palace is an Indian restaurant. Their food is lovely.
That sounds yummy! What is their postcode and phone number, please?
Their phone is 01223506055 and the postcode is cb43le. Would you like me to make a booking?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
***
A moderate priced irish food restaurant.
there are no irish restaurants. Would you like to choose another type of food?
Yes, could you please check whether there is a gastropub?
There are three gastropub restaurants listed. One is in the east part of town and the rest are in the centre.
I would like the address and phone number of the one in the east part of town.
I'm sorry, it appears there are no results for the east part of town. Our system is having difficulty of some sort.
Can I have the address and phone number of a gastropub in the centre of town?
the cow pizza kitchen and bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the centre of town. It's located on Corn Exchange Street, and the phone number is 01223 308871. 
Thank you goodbye. 
thank you and good bye
***
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the expensive price range
Curry Garden is a great restaurant that fulfills your wishes. It is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre.
Awesome. Can I also get the area, post code, and phone number?
Yes, curry garden is located in the centre and the postcode is cb21dp.
Thanks, I just need the phone number so I can call them.
The phone number is 01223302330. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Enjoy yourself, and let me know if you need anything else.
***
I would like a cheap restaurant which serves italian food
Da vinci pizzeria serves cheap italian food. Would you like their address or phone number?
What is their address and what part of town are they in?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is in the north part of town. The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Sorry what type of food do they serve? 
They serve italian food. 
Thank you. Goodbye.
Good bye. Please call again if you have further questions.
thank you, goodbye!
Good bye.
***
I need you to help me find an expensive restaurant to dine in, I'd like it to be chinese food.
Are you looking to dine in a particular area?
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town, please.
I have tang chinese that meets your criteria, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, I just need the address, postcode and phone number. Thanks!
Tang chinese is located at napier street city center, phone number is 01223357187, and the postcode is cb11hr.
That's all I need. Thanks, good bye.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called restaurant one seven
It is a moderately-priced British restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, please give me the complete address.
It is located at De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. 
Thank you for your help!
You are welcome.
***
I am looking for more information regarding the cambridge chop house.
Sure! That's a great expensive British restaurant in the centre of town. What other information would you like to know? 
I guess I just need the address.
Their address is 1 Kings Parade.
That's all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome, is there anything else I can help you with before we go?
Nope, that's it! Thanks for your help. 
Happy to be of service today. Enjoy the rest of your day!
***
I'd like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. 
Do you have any particular food type in mind ?
Mexican
chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive mexican restaurant in the south area.
What is the phone number and postcode?
The postcode is C B 1 7 D Y and the phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you!  That is all I needed to know.  Good night.
Goodbye.
***
I'm trying to find a cheap Asian restaurant to have dinner at tonight.  What kind of options are available for me?
I have two places, how many people and what time?
Actually, can you suggest one of them. Can I get their contact info as well?
Sure, I would suggest the Dojo Noodle Bar at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.  You can reach them at 01223363471.  I could reserve it for you.
No, that's ok, I can take it from here. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a place to dine. I would like european food in the expensive price range.
I was able to find five restaurants that meet you requests. Eraina is a great choice. Would you like me to book you a table?
Is it in the north area?
No, it is in the centre.  City Stop restaurant is an expensive European restaurant in the north end.  Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please. I would like to book a table for 8 people on Tuesday at 15:00.
We have made your reservation thank you!
That's great - can you give me the reference number?
Sure, sorry for that - 5U8L4DTQ. DO you need any more help?
thats all - thanks for great service!
Happy to help anytime, bye!
***
I want to eat some north american food
Ok, the gourmet burger kitchen serves north american food and is located in the centre. Would you like the address?
Can you tell me the price range?
the price range of the food there is expensive
Thanks, can I get the address and phone number?
Their address is Regent Street City Centre. You can contact them at 01223312598. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, that is ok. Thank you for all your help today.
welcome again some other day
Thank you, good bye.
Thank you for using our services.
***
I'm looking for unusual and expensive cuisine in the west. Do you have any suggestions?
I didn't find any records matching those criteria. 
How about an Indian restaurant?
There are several in the West area. What is your address and I can find one that is closest to you? Do you want to walk?
I just want to go to one you think is best please
You should definitely try Cocum.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. I need a table for 4 people at 14:45 on Thursday. If not Thursday, I'd like the same time on Tuesday. Please send me the reference number.
I was able to get you a table on Thursday, ref# XLUIM3SN. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been awesome thanks for all your help! 
I hope you enjoy your meal. Goodbye!
***
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves christmas food. 
I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants serving Christmas food. Would you like something else instead?
how about chinese?
There are three results that serve chinese on the south area of town. do you have a price range preference?
I don't care about price.
Peking Restaurant is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like their information?
Yes, I would like their address. 
The address for Peking Restaurant is 10 Homerton street city centre. Is there any other information you require?
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve chinese food. 
Thank you goodbye. 
You're welcome.  Good bye.
***
Would you happen to know if there are any cheap restaurants with scottish cuisine?
I'm sorry, there aren't any. Is there anything else you could prefer?
No, not at this time. I was really only hunting a restaurant with scottish cuisine. Thank you for your time.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there one available that serves Chinese food?
Yes there are 4. When would you like me to reserve the table for you?
Yes, Monday, 12:15 for four. 
I managed to successfully book a table in the rice house that is in the centre. Your reservation number is ONC1AEJC.
That's wonderful. Thank you for your assistance, bye!
No problem. I'm here to help. Goodbye!
***
I want the creative food, sir. oh and this needs to be in the south as well.
What is the price range you would prefer today?
Any price range will be fine. 
I'm sorry, but our system does not show any matches for your inquiry. 
How about chinese food?
There's a restaurant that serves delicious Chinese food called Peking Restaurant in the expensive range. Would you like their address and phone number?
Yes please
Okay, Peking Restaurant's number is 01223 354755 and they are located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can do for you?
no, thank you and good bye 
You're welcome! Goodbye!
***
Are there any cheap Indian restaurants around?
Yes I have 3 in the center and one located on the north side of town. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would prefer the centre.
I think Kohinoor, The Gandhi, or Mahal of Cambridge would all suit you. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
Let's go with the first one, Kohinoor. Do they have a table for 2 available at 1pm tomorrow?
For what day please?
Wednesday, like the girl from the Adam's Family. 
Sorry, there are no tables available. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Another place to eat, any type, Centre and cheap. 
I was able to book you at The Gandhi. Your reference number is R9XJC41B. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, I just found out that another couple will be joining us and we'd like to eat at 17:15. Can you make me a reservation for 4 at that time?
Yes sure. your reference number for the new booking will be 47N2K0RG.
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
***
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
How about Charlie Chan? It is cheap and delicious.
Is there anything else?
There is Royal Spice if you like Indian and Da Vinci Pizzeria if you like Italian.  Would you like more info on either of those?
Yes please.
For which would you like more information, the Royal spice, or the Da Vinci Pizzeria.
What is the phone number?
Royal Spice's phone number is 01733 553355, and Da Vinci Pizzeria's is 01223 351707.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
what is the price range ?
They are in the cheap price range. 
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye  
***
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre.
There are many restaurants in the centre of town, do you have a preference of food?
Is there anywhere that serves middle eastern food?
Unfortunately there is not. What else may I check for you?
Is there anywhere in the centre that serves mediterranean food?
I've found three options, sir. May I ask what type of price range were you looking for?
I'd like something in the expensive price range.
There are two expensive Mediterranean restaurants in the centre of town--La Mimosa and Shiraz.
book either for me
I recommend la mimosa, great word of mouth. What day and time do you want to dine? How many will be going, please?
Can we do Saturday at 15:00?
Sure for how many people?
Never mind. I'll book the table myself. May I have the address and postcode? And the phone number, while you're at it.
Of course. La Mimosa is located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. The post code is cb58aq. The phone number is 01223362525. Do you need any further assistance?
No thank you that is all I need for now.
Glad I could help. Have a good day. Bye.
***
I want a restaurant in the centre and serves japanese food. What is the address? 
Wagamama serves Japanese food and is in the center area of town. The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street.
Thank You!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you
Have a great day. Thank you for using the services
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
There is the Golden Wok for Chinese food and the Nirala for Indian food.
Can I get the address and phone number?
For which location would you like that address and phone number?
For both please
golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 350688. The nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?  
Thank you and goodbye. 
You're welcome. Thanks and goodbye.
***
Please find me a restaurant in the centre part of town.
There are many restaurants in the centre of town.  Are you looking for a specific kind of food?
I am looking for traditional food in the centre part of town. 
I'm sorry, there are no traditional restaurants listed in the centre part of town. Would you like to try something else? 
How about turkish food? 
anatolia serves turkish food and is located in the centre of town.  Their phone number is 01223 362372 and they are located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre
What is price range?
Anatolia is moderately priced. Do you need additional information?
No, that is it. Thank you.
Thank you, have a nice day!
***
Is there a restaurant in the centre of town serving halal food? 
No, there are no restaurants in the center of town serving Halal food.
Is there any restaurant in the centre serving spanish food? 
There are two Spanish restaurants in the city centre. What price range are you looking for?
I don't care.
La Raza is located int he centre of town and is in the cheap price range.
La Raza sounds lovely. May I have the number and postcode please? 
Of course! Their number is 01223 464550 and their postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, I have all I need.  Goodbye!
Good bye. It was a pleasure to assist you.
Again, goodbye!
Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant
Ok, I'm showing a number of cheap restaurants in town. Which area do you prefer ?
I want somewhere in the center .
There are many restaurants in the centre of town. Is there any particular type of food you desire?
I made a mistake. I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
I have two restaurants available, do you prefer Italian or Indian food? 
I prefer Indian food.
royal spice is a cheap indian restaurant in the north.
Is there anything else?
There is nothing else in the Indian and cheap in the north part of town. 
How about that Italian restaurant?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is a cheap Italian restaurant in the north.  It's address is 20 Milton Road, Chesterton. 
Thank you for the information. Goodbye.
Thank you, have a nice day!
***
Hi, I would like a restaurant inthe centre of town which serves creative food please.
Sadly there are no restaurants anywhere in Cambridge that describe their food as "creative." We do have many restaurants in town, though, so I'd be happy to look for something else.
How about a restaurant that services Chinese food?
There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a specific price range you would like?
I don't care about the price range. Can you just pick a good one for me?
If money is no concern, I would definitely recommend HK Fusion. It's in the centre of town and expensive. It's located at 21 Burleigh Street, City Centre. How does that sound?
Yes, sounds good. Please reserve a table for six at 12:15 on Saturday.
That was unsuccessful. Would you like another day or time slot?
Is 11:15 on Saturday available?
That booking was successful. A reservation was made for 6 people at HK Fusion on Saturday at 11:15. Reference is ARWFXLDL. Can I help with anything else? 
Nothing else. I look forward to the meal. Thank you for all your help.
You're very welcome. Thanks for using our service.
***
I want to find a moderate price restaurant and serving austrian food.
There are no restaurants for Austrian food matching your request. 
What about British food?
There are 5 moderately priced restaurants that serve British food. Saint Johns Chop House in the west, and Cotto, Restaurant One Seven, The Copper Kettle, and The Oak Bistro in the city centre.
Saint Johns Chop House sounds good. Could you give me the phone number?
Yes, here it is 01223 353110.
Thank you so much.
Can I help you with anything else today? 
That's it, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system, goodbye.
***
Are there any Indonesian restaurants in the centre?
There are no restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like to try another area of the city?
No. I would like an expensive restaurant, though.
There are quite a few. I might recommend La Mimosa, it serves Mediterranean food. Does that sound good?
I'm not a fan of Mediterranean, is there a Sushi spot somewhere close?
I can't find any sushi places for you how about another?
Let's try expensive Italian food. I need a table for 6 on wednesday at 18:45, can you help me?
I made your reservation at Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar for Wednesday at 18:45 for 6 people. Have fun!
Thank you can I get the reference number for my reservation?
The booking was unsuccessful, do you have another preference? 
Yes can you find another restaurant in the same area and price range?
I was able to book don pasquale pizzeria reference number is G4T03ZZ7
Okay thank you very much.
You're welcome! Please let me know if you need anything else.
***
I'd like to find a place to eat on the west side. Something moderately priced, please. 
Certainly. On the west side, we have Saint John's Chop House, Meghna, and Prezzo. Do any of those sound good?
Do any of those serve british food?
Yes, saint johns chop house serves British food. Would you like to book a table, if so how many people will be dining?
I only need the restaurant's address, phone number, and postcode.
Saint Johns Chop House is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street, postcode cb30ad. The phone number is 01223353110. Is there any other information you need? 
No, that should be all. Thank you so much for your assistance!
Thank you for using our system!
***
I want to find a restaurant in the north part of town that serves christmas food.
There are no restaurants that seve Christmas food.
How about asian oriental food?
Saigon city serves Asian oriental food as is in the north part of town.
That sounds like it will work.  May I have the address and phone number, please?
Saigon City has an address of 169 High Street Chesterton, their phone number is 01223 356555.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
***
I want to find a moderately-priced restaurant in the centre.
We have 21 entries that match. Do you have a preference on type of food?
I'd like Lebanese food please. 
ali baba serves lebanese food in the town centre at a moderate price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please. I need a table for 3 at 18:45 on a Tuesday.
I was unable to find you a table at that time. Is there another time that would work for you?
I guess we could move it an hour earlier, if that's better?
That worked.  You have a table at 17:45 with reference number 2S4UXXS3.  Can I help with anything else today?
That's all I needed. Thanks for your help.
No problem.  Happy to help.
***
I want a restaurant in the south part of town and serves panasian food.
Sorry, there are no restaurants in the south part of town serving panasian food.
italian food please. phone number and postcode please.
Frankie and Bennys serves Italian food in the south part of town. The phone number is 01223 412430, and the postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y.
Sorry what type of food do they serve? 
They serve italian food. 
what is the price range ?
They are quite expensive .
Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!
***
Hello.  I'm trying to find an inexpensive restaurant that serves Moroccan food.  Can you help me?
There are no restaurants that match your request. Would you like to search for another food type or price range?
How about vietnamese food?
Thanh binh is in the cheap price range and serves Vietnamese food.
could i have the phone number please?
The phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you, goodbye.
My pleasure.  Goodbye.
***
I need to find a restaurant in the west area and more on the expensive side. 
There are 9 restaurants that meet that criteria. Is there a type of cuisine you would prefer?
I don't have a preference.
I have a listing for Cambridge lodge restaurant that serves British food,can I book you a table there?
That sounds good. I would like a reservation for 6 people at 19:45 on Sunday.
I'm sorry. That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like me to try another time or another restaurant?
Is there another restaurant available at that time in the same area and price range?
Yes, I can book you at Graffiti. The reference number is UYW8JK6T. May I help with anything else?
I think that is all, thank you, cheers. 
Good day. 
***
hello can i find a place that serves chinese food and has expensive price range for my family
I've found several restaurants meeting your criteria. Is there a specific area of town you're looking for?
i want a restuarant that i can book a table for four people on monday 1300hrs
I have found Yu Garden in the East. Would you like me to go ahead and book that?
Yes, please. for 4 people at 13:00 on monday.
I was unable to book there, shall i try another time or place?
How about Tuesday, same time.
Your table is booked for Tuesday and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is  47ELJDK0. Anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
Thank you, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
***
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town. 
do you want curry prince ?
Is there anything else ?
There are two other moderately priced restaurants on the east side, Pizza Hut Fen Ditton serving Italian food, and Rajmahal, another Indian restaurant.
What is the address, phone number, and type of food of one of them?
Rajmahal is the Indian restaurant. They are at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton and their number is 01223 244955.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you and have a great day!
***
I am looking for a German restaurant in the west.
There are no German restaurants available in the west. Would you like to try a different area or different food type?
How about one that serves british food instead?
There are three british restaurants in the west. What price range are you considering?
I'm looking for meals under 30$ a person. I need to book for 3 at 16:15 on Wednesday.
The restaurant Saint Johns Chop House is the only restaurant to your specifications with a moderate pricing. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please and I will need a reference number.
Your booking is successful and your reference number is CZT3LA0M. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No thank you. That is great.
Thanks!
Have a good day!
Enjoy your time!
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre part of town.
You have lots of good cheap choices in that part of town!  What type of food sounds good to you? There are Italian restaurants, Indian, Spanish, Chinese, and more.
How about Chinese? can you book me a table for 3 people at 18:15 on a Sunday?
I'm sorry, none of the Chinese restaurants are available at that time. Is there another day or time that would work for you?
Ok, I'll try for a little earlier, how about 17:15?
Booked at Charlie Chan! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is YGWCXMK4.
Thanks so much. I think that was all I needed. Have a great day. 
Thank you. Enjoy your meal.
***
I am in the past of town. Can you recommend a restaurant in a moderate priced range?
Do you have a specific food type in mind?
I do not care about the type of food.
The Bloomsbury restaurant, serves many differnt types of food.
Is it in the west part of town?
Unfortuntately, Bloomsbury Restaurant is in the centre of town. Would you like for me to search in the west side?
yes west please
the meghna is one on the west side.
Great! Could you please give me the address and phone number of that restaurant? 
The phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Can I help you with anything else today? 
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome. Goodbye.
***
Yes I would like to find Spanish food in the center of town.
you're in luck I have two options for you. One is in the cheaper price range, the other is listed as moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with the cheap one. I'll need a table for 7 on Sunday at 12:15 please.
Unfortunately the booking was not successful. 
Can you try on saturday, 7 people, at 12:15
Yes, you're booked for Saturday with reference number V54FG5X2. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
Thank you, goodbye!
***
i want a place for dinner and serves a mexican food,where can i find it?please first pick for me a taxi to that place should be to the north.
Unfortunately, I was unable to find a Mexican restaurant in the north. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about a chinese restaurant?
The hotpot sounds like a good idea. Need a reservation?
Yes, please. 6 people at 11:30 on sunday.
I'm so sorry, but I wasn't able to make that reservation for you. May I try on another day or at another time?
Yes, let's shoot for the same thing but on Wednesday instead, okay?
I was able to get you that reservation on Wednesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes prior to your arrival.
May I have the reference number please?
Absolutely, the reference number is W92C2Z47. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That was all. Thanks
Did you say you also needed a taxi to the restaurant?
No, I don't need that anymore. Thanks. Have a great day!
You as well. Thanks for calling. Goodbye.
***
I'd like to find information for the restaurant called The Missing Sock. 
The missing sock serves cheap international food and is in the east. Would you like more information?
No, that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.  Be sure to contact us whenever you need reservations.
***
I need the address and phone number of a restaurant that serves polish.
There's no resturant serving polish food. do you want something else ?
Ok, how about a Thai restaurant? i want address and phone number.
Bangkok city is a thai restaurant. It's address is 24 green street city centre and phone number is 01223 354382
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
Hi I am looking for some information on the good luck chinese food takeaway.
Yes, we can help you with that. It is located at 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. The phone number is 01223244149. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Can you make a reservation for 3 people at 20:00 on Tuesday?
I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful for that time, can I help you find a place in the same area and type of food?
No thank you I will think of something else once I call a friend.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes actually.  I'd like the reservation for any other restaurant that is in the same area and price range as The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway.
Great! You're booked at Peking Restaurant with reference number V6TEUN6T. May I help with anything else?
Great! Thank you for your time. Nothing else for now, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system.
***
I'm hoping to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.
No problem! What type of food were you interested in?
I would love to have some Indian food please.
I've found 3 restaurants in that area: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge.
Would you see if any of those are available on Wednesday at 14:45 for 5 people? Thanks.
I was able to get you a table at The Gandhi. Your reference number is MYUME8FR and they'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you! There will be nothing else, goodbye.
Have a good day!
***
I need a restaurant of moderate price in the west.
There are three moderately priced restaurants in the west. Would you prefer British, Indian, or Italian food?
I would like to eat British food please. 
I recommend the saint johns chop house. It should suit your needs. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thanks.  Can I get the address with postcode please?
The address is 21-24 northampton Street and the post code is cb30ad.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Thank you. Have a great day.
***
I would like a restaurant in any area that serves scandinavian food
There are no restaurants available that serve scandinavian food. Are there any other restaurants you would like to try?
How about french?
Restaurant Two Two serves French food. Would you like the location information?
If you could give me the phone number, that would be great.
The phone number for restaurant two two is 01223 351880. Can I help you with anything else? 
No, thank you, that does it.  Thank you and goodbye!
Goodbye. 
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town and serving portuguese food. What is the address and phone number?
Nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south part of town. Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their phone number is 01223 327908 
Ok.  Thanks.
Is there anything else we can help you with?
That is all, thank you, goodbye. 
Goodbye.
***
Is there a moderate restaurant in the centre of town?
Certainly, we have 21. Do you have a cuisine type or a price range?
Yes, I'd like a moderately priced restaurant. 
Cotto is a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town. It serves British food.
Please give me their address and postcode.
The cotto is located at 183 East Road City Centre and their postcode is cb11bg. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thank you.  You have helped me tremendously and I have everything I need to know.  Thanks and have a good day.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
***
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant.
What type of food are you looking for?
chinese food 
I'm showing 4 restaurants matching that description, 3 in the city centre and 1 in the north. Do you have a preference for area?
Could you give me the address and phone number of the one in the north?
golden wok is in the north area, its phone number is 01223 350688. Their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton
Thank you, goodbye.
enjoy!
***
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.
How about nandos, a portuguese place ?
Is there anything else available? 
The Lucky Star is also a cheap restaurant in the south part of town.  It serves Chinese food.
OK. Can you give me the address of the Lucky Star?
The Lucky Star is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be all. Thank you and good bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
I am starving!
What would you like to eat?
Indian food in the centre, please.
There are a few of those.  What price point are you looking for?
I don't have a price range in mind. Can you recommend just one restaurant matching my criteria?
How about Kohinoor? It's a cheap Indian restaurant in the center. Would you like a reservation? 
That sounds great. Can you just give me the postcode?
The postcode for Kohinoor is cb12as. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
One more thing, what's the price range?
Kohinoor is a cheap restaurant. 
Wonderful. That's all I need!
Great. Have a wonderful evening!
***
I'm in the east part of town, and I'd like to find a nearby Scandinavian restaurant.
There are no venues selling Scandinavian food in the East part of town.
How about Indian food. Give me their address and phone number.
There are four restaurants in the east part of town serving Indian food. What price range would you like?
it doesn't matter 
Curry Prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east of town that serves Indian food.
Can I have the phone number please?
Curry Prince's phone number is 01223 566388. Can I help you with anything else?
I need their address.
Of course, it is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 J.J
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're very welcome. Thank you and have a good day. Goodbye.
***
I'd like something moderately priced please.
Do you care what type of food?
No, the type of food doesn't matter.
Yippee noodle bar serves asian oriental food in the moderate price range.
What is the phone number?
The phone number for Yippee Noodle Bar is 01223 518111.
Thank you for giving me the information . Good bye.
Goodbye.
***
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. What is the address and phone number?
I show several expensive restaurants on the south side of town. What kind of food would you like?
Any kind.  I don't care. also give me the phone number and address .
Frankie and bennys is located in the south part of town and in the expensive price range. Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye.
goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the centre of town and serves light bites food.
we dont have any restaurant like that.
Do you have any expensive restaurants?
No expensive restaurant
Could you try Chinese food, instead?
I found 4 different expensive Chinese restaurants that you could try. How does HK Fusion sound to you?
That sounds good. Can you book a table for 5 people at 11:15 on wednesday please?
I'm sorry I am not able to book for that day/time, would you like to try another time or different restaurant?
Yes, how about 10:15 instead. I also need the reference number.
I was able to book it for 10:15. You reference number is 7HQZ1TD6.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all. Thank you
Thank you for using our services.
***
I need a really inexpensive restaurant on the east side.
What type of food are you looking for?
I don't care. 
There's a restaurant that serves international food called The Missing Sock. Does that sound good?
What is the address?
Their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
how about their postcode?
Their postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Good bye 
***
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre that serves chinese food.
Chinese sounds great. I have a variety of restaurants. Which price range do you prefer?
I am not particular. how about moderate? I will need their phone number, address and postcode please.
The lan hong house is a moderately priced chinese restaurant in the centre area at 12 Norfolk Street city centre. The phone number is 01223350420 and the postcode is cb12lf.
Wonderful, that's all I need to know. Thanks!
I'm happy we could help you today! Enjoy your meal!
***
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves african food. 
The bedouin serves african food at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like to make a booking?
I would like a restaurant in the expensive price range please. 
Bedouin is expensive. Would you like to book there?
Yes. I want to book a table for 3 people on Tuesday at 19:45.
That time slot is unavailable. Is there another time slot you want to book?
Could you try 18:45 instead?
Your table has been reserved at for 3 at 18:45 on Tuesday. The reference number is  IE3WWFDN.
Thank you very much. Have a great day.
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
***
Hi, I am looking for a cheap Italian restaurant please.
I have some in the north, center and west side. Do you have a preference in area?
No, no preference. Please just find me one that has a table available for 4 people at 17:45 on Monday. 
I'm sorry but none of the Italian restaurants have reservations available at that time.  Do you want me to check for a different time?
Yes, I'll try for a little earlier, how about 16:45?
Booked at la margherita! Your reference number is NG7AU0Y2. Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thank you very much for your help! 
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
Know anywhere that has european food?
Sure, there are lots of good European restaurants in town. Is there a price range that you prefer? 
Yes actually, can we find something in the moderate price range?
How about the Galleria in the town centre?  I could make a reservation for you if you wish.
That would be greatly appreciated. I will have one other person with me, this will be on sunday at 18:15. Also could i get the reference number?
You are all set for Sunday.  The reference number is 7W544X5O.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, you have been very helpful.  Thank you.
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
That should be all I need, thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
Thanks I appreciate it.  Bye!
Alright, thank you. Goodbye.
***
Yes, I need help locating Pizza Hut City Centre.
Sure, the Pizza Hut City Centre is located at Regent Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb21ab. Can I help with anything else today?
What is the price range?
They're listed as cheap.
Do you have their phone number?
Yes, it's 01223323737. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
***
I'd like to find a place to dine in the west that serves modern american food.
I did not find any. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Sure, let's try modern English food.
I apologize, sir, but there are no restaurants serving modern English cuisine. What else shall we try?
Could you look for a restaurant that serves Thai food?
Sala thong seems like a good match!
ok.book for seven people at 1215hrs
What day are you wanting that booking for?
Make the reservation for Thursday please.
Thursday is not available.
How about 11:15 on Thursday?
Booking was successful for 11:15. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : SWZ8S95V.
Great, thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can assist with?
No, that's all I need thanks!
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant.
What type of food are you looking for?
I'm looking for unusual food. And I want a place in the centre of town.
I don't have anything matching unusual but I do have an African restaurant in the center of town as well as some gastropubs. Would either interest you?
I'll take something that is cheap.
There are a total of 15 restaurants that are cheap in the centre. Is there another type you would like to try?
Do you recommend a restaurant that is a little more different then the rest?
I would recommend golden house
Is that Italian? I would like an Italian restaurant, please.
Okay, how about the pizza hut city centre? I heard it's pretty good.
Okay, that sounds good. I need to make a reservation for 2 people on Tuesday.
What time would you like to visit? 
How about 13:15?
I was able to book the table for you. It will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 97AAF776.
That's great, thank you.
Awesome. Have a good day!
***
I am looking to eat moderate priced British food 
I have five eateries that are British in that price range, do you have a preference of area?
I want it to be in the centre.
restaurant one seven is a restaurant meeting your preferences. There are 3 others that also meet your preferences.
That one sounds good. Can I get the address and post code?
The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. The post code is cb21ab.
Great, and what is the phone number? 
The number is 01223337766.
That will be all. Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a good day, goodbye.
***
I am looking for a restaurant serving malaysian food. 
There are no Malaysian restaurants in this area.
I am also looking for a restaurant serving asian oriental food.
I have found several restaurants serving Asian Oriental food. What area of town do you prefer?
I don't care.
Does the price range matter?
I don't care
Might I suggest the Dojo Noodle Bar. They are located in the centre of town and they are cheap. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and their address too.   
Dojo Noodle bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their phone number is 01223 363471.   Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
What is the postcode?
The postcode for dojo noodle bar is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
No, that will be all.  Thank you and goodbye!
You're welcome. Good bye and have a great day!
You, too. 
Thanks!
***
I want to find a place that serves halal food.  Can you help me?  Not too expensive, please.
I cannot find any restaurants serving halal food. Would you like something different?
How about European food instead?
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is a modern European restaurant that looks like the least expensive option available.  It is located in the centre of town.  How does that sound?
That sounds good.  may I have their address and postcode, please? 
The river bar is located at Quayside Off Bridge Street. The postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q.
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye, and enjoy your meal!
***
I need an east restaurant. I want to try some Canapes food.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving canapes food in the east part of town.
Then could you recommend a Chinese restaurant? 
Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant in the east part of town.
address, phone number, and postcode, please
Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their number is 01223 248882. Also, their postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, goodbye.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
enjoy your meal.
***
cheap restaurant, please
What type of cuisine would you prefer?
do you have any serves jamaican food ?
There aren't any Jamaican restaurants nearby, would you like another type of cuisine?
How about mediterranean?
Yes, the gardenia serves mediterranean.   Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and the postcode please. 
the Gardenia's phone number is 01223 356354 and the postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, goodbye,
Have a nice day.  Goodbye. 
***
I'd like to find a panasian restaurant in the centre of town please. 
Unfortunately, I was not able to locate a panasian restaurant in that area. Would you like me to look in another area or for a different type of restaurant?
Oh no. Well I'll take chinese food then.
Great choice! We have 10 restaurants in that area. Do you have a preference on price? 
No, I don't care about the price. Which one looks good? 
Tang Chinese is listed at expensive. Would you like more information?
Can I have the phone number, address and postcode?
Yes, the address is Napier Street City Centre, the postcode is cb11hr, and the phone number is 01223357187.
That's all I needed today, thank you.
Enjoy your meal, let me know if I can help with any thing else.
***
I would like a restaurant in the west part of town
There are several restaurants in the west part of town.  Would you like something in the expensive, moderate or cheap price range? 
I don't care. 
What type of food would you like?
canapes food
I am sorry there are no restaurants with canapes. Is there some other type of food you would like?
How about thai food instead?
Of course, how about sala thong? It is a thai restraunt in the west part of town.
What is the address, phone number, and price range?
Sala Thong is quite expensive. The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham and phone number is 01223 323178. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you goodbye.
Good bye. Thank you for using the restaurant service.
***
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. 
What kind of food are you interested in having?
dont care but I would like the address and phone number
I recommend Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. its phone number is 01223 323737, and their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the south part of town
Thank you, goodbye. 
Thank you, goodbye.
***
I'm looking for an English restaurant that's moderately priced..
There are no restaurants matching your request. May I help you find a different restaurant? 
Okay, then I'm looking for a restaurant with Chinese food that's moderately priced.
I have four restaurants matching your request, would you like to hear them all or narrow your request?
***
I need an expensive restaurant in the centre.
Great! There are a lot of tasty choices. Are you in the mood for a specific type of food?
Yes Indian sounds good to me!
I have many to choose from. What about The Saffron Brasserie?
Yeah, that sounds great. Would you reserve me a table for 4, Friday at 13:15 please?
Booked, your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is GBPIJP33.
Thanks a bunch! That's all I needed. Take care and have a good day. 
You are welcome.  Enjoy your meal.  Bye.
***
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south of town.
There are five restaurants matching your description. Would you like a specific food type or would you like all their names?
I don't care. 
Frankie and Bennys is an expensive Italian restaurant in the south part of town.
can you tell me what type of food they serve and give me the phone number? 
It is an italian restaurant and the phone number is 01223 412430.
***
I want a moroccan restaurant.
What price range would you like?
Any price range will be fine. 
I am sorry, I can't find any moroccan restaurant. Do you prefer any other type of food? 
Yes. can you find any mediterranean restaurant please 
La Mimosa is a restaurant serving mediterranean food in the centre of town, and is in the expensive price range.
I would like the address, phone number, and post code information for La Mimosa please. Thank you!
The phone number for la mimosa is 01223 362525 and they are located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton.  the postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q.  would you like anything else today? 
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant system.  Good bye.
***
I am looking for a place called tang chinese
I have located tang chinese, it is in the centre of town.  Would you like me to book you?
Yes.  Please book a table for 4 people at 17:00 on Friday. 
I am sorry this time is not available. Another restaurant perhaps?
Are there any other restaurants for the same price range in the same area?
Kymmoy is also in the centre. It is an expensive Asian restaurant. Would you like me to book this one for you?
Yes please try the same date and time for that restaurant
Your booking was successful the reference number is I82B519F. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Okay thank you for calling. Enjoy your dinner.
***
I am looking for a restaurant. I would like something cheap that has Chinese food.
I've heard good things about the lucky star. Need a reservation?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 1 at 20:00 on Saturday?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FDLFKTZM.
Thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome. Thank you! Have a good day now!
Thanks, you too. Goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good-bye
***
Hi! Can you give me some information on the Royal Spice restaurant?
Of course! It's a cheap Indian restaurant in the north at Victoria Avenue Chesteron cb41eh. The phone number is 01733553355. May I help with anything else?
I would like to book for two on Wednesday, at 17:15.
I have you booked Wednesday at 17:15 a table for 2, this table will hold for 15 mins and your reference number is GXO64LG8.
Great, thanks!  That's all I needed!
You're welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.
***
Hi, i am looking for a indian restaurant on the west side of town. 
I highly recommend Meghna. It is a moderate priced indian restaurant located on 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book it?
That's not necessary. Can you tell me what price range it's in?
It is in the moderate range for price. 
Perfect.  How about the phone number and postcode?
Their post code is cb43lf and they can be reached at 01223727410.
Thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome is there anything else I can assist with today?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!
Awesome, thank you for spending time in Cambridge.
It's one of my favorite places to visit. Thanks. Goodbye.
You're very welcome! Have a nice day!
***
Would you be able to recommend an expensive restaurant that serves Panasian food?
Unfortunately, there are no expensive Panasian restuarants nearby.
Are there any panasian restaurants? 
I'm sorry but I can't find any Panasian restaurants.
That's okay, are there any expensive Italian restaurants? I'd prefer the centre of town. 
There are no expensive Italian restaurants in that area.
Well, can you recommend me another expensive restaurant. I need the address and the phone number to make a reservation.
Caffe Uno is an expensive Italian restaurant in the centre. It can be located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223448620.
Thanks. I will check it out.
Do you need anything else today?
Yes, can you tell me what their postcode is, please?
Yes, it's cb21uj.
Thanks so much, that is all I needed.
I'm glad I could help you today.
***
Can you recommend a moderately priced restaurant in the South part of town?
Would you prefer Italian or Modern european food? 
I don't care. Either one is fine.
How about Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. It serves Italian food, is in the moderate price range, and in the south part of town.
could i have the address and phone number please?
sure, pizza hut cherry hinton is located at G4 cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton and the phone number is 01223 413000. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, that is all I needed.  Thank you.  Bye bye.
Goodbye.
***
Please find me a corsica restaurant.
There are no corsica restaurants. Would you like something else?
Are there any gastropub restaurants?
There are multiple gastropub restaurants. What area are you looking for?
I don't care 
There are three expensive gastropub restaurants and one moderately priced gastropub. Do you have a preference?
Could I have the area, address, and phone number of the moderately priced one please?
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is located in the city centre on Corn Exchange Street and the number there is 01223 308871. How else may I help you? 
Thank you goodbye. 
good day!
***
Is there any place here in the centre that serves corsica food?
What price range are you looking for?
Any price range will do. 
There are no restaurants available matching your criteria. Would you like to try a different area, price range, or food type?
Are there any restaurants in the centre that serves North American type of food?
Yes.  The gourmet burger kitchen serves north american food and is located in the centre part of the city.  Would you like their location? 
Can I get the phone number?
The phone number for gourmet burger kitchen is 01223 312598.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
***
I'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay, there are a lots of options. What type of food would you like to eat?
Belgian food please
I don't have any restaurants that meet that criteria. Is there another type of food or area you would be interested in?
Ok, how about Chinese food then?
How about Tang Chinese? They are an expensive Chinese restaurant at Napier Street City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation. Just the phone number and post code please.
their phone number is 01223357187. and port code is cb11hr
Great! Thanks so much.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything further I can assist you with?
No that is all. Thanks
You're welcome. Enjoy your meal. Thank you for contacting the centre. Goodbye.
***
I am looking for a particular restaurant. It's Efes Restaurant.
I was able to find Efes Restaurant for you.  This is a Turkish restaurant in the centre of town with a moderate price range.  Would you like a booking?
Yes I would, for 3 people Wednesday at 18:15.
Unfortunately, the restaurant is full at this time. Is there another time or day I can reserve for you?
Can you check for 17:15 on the same day?
Sure, you're all set for 17:15 with reference number 6LZYPIFZ. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Would you like assistance with anything else?
No, that's all I need today. I appreciate your help - goodbye!
Thank you for using this system!
***
I am looking for a restaurant serving Persian food in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry, there aren't any expensive Persian restaurants. Would you like me to check for a different type of food? 
How about any restaurant in the centre?
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the center of town. Which cuisine type would you prefer? 
I think I'd like to try Indian food, are there any of those in the center of town? 
There are 6 restaurants that fit your request. Curry Garden, The Golden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, Curry King, and Curry Queen.
Any of them would be fine.
Alright, shall I make a reservation for the Curry King?
Yes please, for 3 people t 15:30 on Friday. Thank you.
Okay done. The reference number for your table is BVK9XZPJ and it is only reserved for 15 minutes.
That's awesome. Thanks that's all i need!
You're welcome. Bon appetit! 
***
I would like a restaurant that serves irish food
I am sorry, I can't find any restaurant serving irish food in this town. Do you have another type of food in your mind? 
How about European food in any price range?
I found 10 restaurants. Do you have a specific area or price range in mind?
I don't care about the price as long as it's European. Can you recommend one?
cambridge lodge restaurant serves european food  in the expensive price range.
May I have their address and phone number please? 
The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
***
