Hello! I would like to get some Italian food, somewhere in the center of town.
Sure, did you want someone in a certain price range?
No, price doesn't matter. 
I can suggest pizza express located at regent street city centre. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, can you please reserve me a table for 1 person for Friday at 11:30?
The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WJCH2IJP.
Great, could you also help me find somewhere to visit near the restaurant, possibly architecture to look at?
Sure, there are a number of a churches and old schools, do you have a preference? 
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their entrance fee and address? 
Sure, I suggest old schools. Its address is trinity lane and its free.
I also need to book a taxi.
Okay, I'll just need a departure location and a destination as well as a pick up or drop off time
I want to arrive at pizza express for my restaurant reservation after visiting old schools, please.
 Booking completed! Booked car type	:	grey honda Contact number	:	07392571469 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.
Thank you and enjoy your stay. 
Hello there. Any suggestions on a good seafood restaurant located in the centre of town?
loch fyne is a seafood restaurant in the centre of town. It is in the expensive price range. Would that work?
Yes, that will be fine. Could you make a reservation for 3 at 12:30 on Saturday? 
Your table is reserved for 12:30 on Saturday. Your reference number is 3L2HYBCY.
Thank you so much. That was all I needed today. Have a good afternoon. 
You're welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Hi, I need a 4 star guesthouse hotel please.
I have 21 4 star places, can you tell me what area you would like to be in?
The North part of town, please.
There are quite a few.  If you'd like a cheap alternative, I can recommend Worth House, on Chesterton Road. Or for a moderate rate, Kirkwood House is next door.
Could you book the Kirkwood House for me for thursday, 6 people and 5 nights?
Your booking was successful. The reference number is 6G15LHZM. Is there anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks.
Thank you, goodbye.
Hello! I am looking for an expensive guesthouse type hotel. Any ideals ?
Sorry, but none of the guesthouses in Cambridge fall into the expensive price range.
I need a guesthouse with free parking and a 4 star rating.
I have many options.  What area of town would you like?  That should help me narrow it down.
The area doesn't matter, but are any of them considered cheap?
Yes, there are 7 cheap guesthouses in that area.  Were you looking for any other specific requirements? 
recommend any and find me its  postcode
Allenbell. Postcode is cb13js. Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a Chinese place in the south?  Do you know of anything?  
There are three Chinese restaurants in the south, may I recommend The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway? They are a price range of expensive.
I need the price to be the same as the hotel, so I need a cheap restaurant as well. Are there any that fit this criteria?
Yes, what kind of food are you looking for?
I feel like chinese would be good.
I would like to get a table at "the lucky star".
Greetings, got any British food places in town?
Yes what price range would you like?
Moderate please. 
What area would you like to dine in?
I would like to eat in the Centre.
I recommend the the oak bistro.  Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation for Tuesday for 4 at 15:30? 
I was able to book it, reference number is WA7QCIIZ
Thank you! I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd like it to be in the same price range and area as the restaurant. 
The only moderately-priced accommodation in the center is the Cityroomz hotel. Would you like to book a room there?
Sounds good. I'd like to book for 2 nights starting tuesday
How many people should I book the room for?
I would like it booked for 4 people, please.
Your room has been booked. Your reference number is 2QE9RSSH.
That will be all.  I appreciate your time.  Have a good day!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
I want to dine in a place in the west. 
There are many restaurant options available to you. What type of food would you like to eat and what is your price range?
I would like a restaurant that serves eritrean food and in the expensive price range. 
Would you like European food?
No.  I said eritrean food.  Do yo have something?
I don't have anything that meets those requirements. 
How about British food?
Yes I have three. When would you like the table reserved for and for how many?
Is one of those expensive? If so, book me a table there for Thursday for 8 people at 13:30 please. 
There's actually two expensive places, graffiti and travellers rest. Which would you prefer?
Travellers Rest sounds good.
ok the address is huntingdon road in city centre, the phone # is 01223276182, and the postcode is cb30df.  will there be anything else ?
I am also looking for a train from Cambridge on Wednesday.
what is your destination? 
Before I continue with the train details, was Travellers Rest booked? I didn't get a reference number.
My sincerest apologies for that. Yes, your booking is completed and the reference number is 64UQ7M3G
That is all I needed thank you. 
You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
Hey! I am looking for a train from Cambridge to Stevenage.
Trains depart approximately every 2 hours. What time would you like to leave/arrive by?
I need to travel on Wednesday, and I need to arrive by 16:45.
I have found several trains that begin leaving at 5:21 until 15:21 to arrive by 16:45. Trains cost 12.80 pounds and are 49 minutes long. Do you prefer early or later?
The 15:21 sounds good. I think all I need will be the train ID.
The train ID for the 15:21 is TR7245.
Fantastic, can you also give me information on the Fitzwilliam Museum?
It has free admission and is in the centre area.
Can I have the phone number and the address of the museum?
Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223332900. They are located on Trumpington Street. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
No that will be all for now. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system!
I need a train going from Ely to Cambridge please.
What day and time would you like to leave?
I'd like to leave on Friday and arrive by 14:45.
I have 5 trains that arrive by 14:45. Is there a particular time you would like to leave?
No time in particular, please reserve any one of them for 3 people.
I have three seats booked on TR0236, departing at 13:35 and arriving at 13:52. Your confirmation number is T3Y4Y9S8. 
That is all for now.  Thank you.
You are welcome and thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
What does Cambridge offer as far as expensive cantonese restaurants?
I'm so sorry but we don't have any expensive cantonese.  Would you like to try another type of food?
How about british food instead.
There are 6 British restaurants. Do you have a particular area of interest? 
No, but I want the most expensive one.
I would suggest  Fitzbillies Restaurant. Would you like me to book a table now?
I'll be dining alone so please make a reservation for 1 at 19:30 or 18:30, perfer 19:30 on wednesday.  Reference number please?
All set. Your reservation for one is confirmed for Wednesday at 19:30. Your reference is HB2TWWH0. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking.  It will be for just one person, like the restaurant booking.
how about acorn guest house? i hear it's lovely
That would be perfect. 
I booked the Acorn Guest House in the north, the address: 154 Chesterton road. How many days are you going to stay?
I will be staying 2 days.
I got you booked for the Acorn Guest House for 1 person for 2 nights starting on Wednesday. Your booking number is 2NFSNMZP. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Can I just confirm it has free internet as well
The guesthouse has free wifi and parking
Great, that will be all thank you. 
enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a restaurant called Saffron Brasserie. What can you tell me about it?
It is a indian restaurant in the centre area.  It is expensive and the phone number is 01223354679. Do you need reservations?
Yes please make a reservation for two.  Also provide me with a postcode and phone number.  Thank you!
Please specify the day and time you want your booking to be made.
I think I will book it myself instead, can I get the phone number and post code so I can though?
Yes the postcode is cb21la and the phone number is 01223354679. Is there anything else I can help with today? 
I am also looking for info an places to go, more specifically colleges in the centre area.
There are five in the area.  Did you have any specific requirements you were looking for? 
No could you recommend one please?
How about Downing college on Regent Street?  It's free and located in the centre area. 
That sounds great. Can you book me a taxi to go between the two?
I am getting the info in, I need a time of day though to get a taxi.
I would like to leave downing college by 06:45.
The taxi has been booked. The taxi taking you to your destination will be a red Toyota. The number to contact them is 07987423433. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks a bunch!
I'm glad I was able to help today!
I want to book a place to stay that is a 5 star hotel with free wifi.
I'm sorry there are no 5 star hotels in the area. Are there any hotels I can help you find?
Truly? I'm sorry, I'm just surprised Cambridge doesn't have a 5 star hotel. Well, I need something moderately priced.
I think you would enjoy the Lovell Lodge which is in the North and is moderately priced. 
That sounds good I would like to book a room
great, how many nights are you staying?
I will be staying 2 nights. 
OK, and what day will you arrive, and how many people will be staying?
I will be arriving on Friday and I need it for 8 people please. 
I was able to book it, reference is U02SQUS1.
Great. I also need a train from cambridge leaving after 11:15.
Okay I can certainly help you with that. Could you tell me where your arrival destination will be? And your day of travel?
Going to Broxbourne on Saturday
Okay, TR9098 departs Cambridge at 12:01 and arrives at Broxbourne by 13:01 on Saturday. Will that work for you? 
That sounds good.  Yes, please book that. I'll also need a reference number.
How many tickets would you like?
I would like 8 tickets for the train please.  I also have a quick question about the hotel that was booked. Is it a 4 star hotel? 
It is only 2 stars.
Ok I need another hotel then it must be 4 stars.
There are no 4 stars in that area.
Okay, that will be fine.
Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That will be all.
Your welcome, enjoy your stay.
Can you find me a good moderately priced hotel in cambridge?  No guesthouses please.
the cityroomz is located downtown. would you like more info?
Thank you! I am looking for a place in the West part of town, though. Are there any available?
No, I'm sorry. Not in the moderate price range. I do have a cheap 4 star though. Would you like to check it out?
How about any guesthouses that are moderately priced in the west with free parking?
What about the hobsons house with internet and parking?
that sounds good. there will be 7 persons for 3 nights starting on sunday
I was able to book that for you successfully. our reference number is CW5RJ5HB. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I need to find a restaurant in the same area as my hotel. I don't care about the type of food.
There are 14 options to choose from, is there a particular cuisine you are wanting to try?
I don't care what cuisine, but i'd like one in the moderate price range.
Okay, I see three options here, which are british, indian, or italian food types. I recommend prezzo. Would you like a reservation?
Yes. Please book that restaurant for 7 people on sunday at 11:00
Okay I have that booked for you. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get the reference number please?
Reference number: D7277SMZ.
I need a taxi to get me to the restaurant please.
And what time would you like the taxi?
I want to arrive at the restaurant in time for my reservation at 11:00. 
A yellow volvo is booked. contact number: 07514653314 
Thanks for all your help!
My pleasure.  Is that all
Yes that should be everything that I need thank you very much for your help.
You are quite welcome! Goodbye!
Please help me book a taxi
Okay, where would you like to depart from?
I am leaving from Kohinoor. 
Where are you going?
I need to get to saint barnabas press gallery please, but I can't leave until after 11:00.
Okay I have a grey honda. You're contact number is 07736905918. Is there anything else you need?
No that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Bye!
enjoy your visit!
I need to book a hotel.  I need it to be in the town center, and have a minimum star rating of 4.
Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel proper?
It should be a hotel type with free parking.
I have found University Arms Hotel on regent street with a 4 star rating and free parking and internet. Would you like to book?
Yes, please book that one. It will need to be for 3 people, and we'll be staying for 5 nights, beginning on Sunday.
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try to stay for a short period or start on a different day?
Alright, what about only for 3 nights then. I can do 3, book it and give me the reference number please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : D09887CW. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'd like to find a korean restaurant in the same area as that hotel. 
There's a restaurant called Little Seoul.  It's expensive, but also on Regent Street. Would that work?
Yes please book it for 3 people sunday.
What time would you like the reservation?
I would like it booked for the same day at 14:15. Can I get a reference number too?
The booking was successful. Your reference number is 9NJXK7CF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all.
Alright. If you need anything else, feel free to ask. Have a wonderful trip.
I want a train leaving on sunday. 
Yes sure. I will need your departure and arrival destinations.
I am leaving from Stevenage going to Cambridge. 
I have 10 trains for you. What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 12:00 please. 
Okay, how about the TR7802? It departs at 09:54. 
That's fine. Could you book this for me, there will be 5 people.
I have booked 5 tickets from Stevenage to Cambridge living on Sunday at 9:54 and arriving at 10:53.  Your total fee is 51.2 GBP. Reference # is GZ0LOZQV
Thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay?
Sure, I can help you with that.  Did you have a specific area of town you were looking at? 
I would like to find a moderately priced hotel in the center with free parking and wifi.
 I don't have anything that meets that criteria. Would you like to try a different area or price range?
How about one in the north?
Yes, there are 9 places to stay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or in a guesthouse?
It doesn't matter to me. Whichever place you recommend will be fine. I'll need to book for the same people, same day, and 3 nights. 
Booking was successful.Reference number is : S9RCTPPN
That you, thats all I needed today.
Ok! Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a train to anywhere on Wednesday.
The TR3702 to london kings cross departs wednesday at 05:00.
Wonderful! How much is that ticket? When does it arrive? Where does it depart from?
The train arrives by 05:51 and departs from Cambridge, the price is 23.60 pounds.
Now that I think about it, I will need a way to get from Stevenage to Cambridge. I'd like to take a train on Wednesday and arrive by 12:30.
There are 3 trains that would work for you. The TR4626 arrives at 10:43. Would you be interested in that one?
What is the travel time for that train?
Train TR4626 departing from stevenage and arrivign at cambridge at 10:43 is 12.80 pounds. 
Great I'm also looking for a park in cambridge.
Sure, cherry hinton water play, milton country park, sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway, wandlebury country park are free, cambridge university botanic gardens is four pounds. 
Please just pick a great park for me and provide the postcode.
Sure! Cherry Hinton Water Play is at postcode cb18dw. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that's all I needed!  You've been a big help!
You are welcome, goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.
How about arbury lodge guesthouse? Moderate price range, 4 stars. Free parking and wifi.
That sounds like a great place to stay. Thank you for your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, could you book me a room for 2 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday?
Your reference number is 91WNH1R1. For the arbury lodge guesthouse, starting tuesday for 2 nights, and 4 guests. Can I assist with anything else? 
I am also looking to visit a museum, it would need to be in the west. 
There are 7 museums in the west. Some have entrance fees and others do not. Do you have a preference?
I have no preference, I just need to know how much the entrance fee is.
Cambridge and County folk museum has an entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. All the other museums are free. Is there anything else?
That's all I needed for today! Thanks a bunch! Bye!!
Goodbye, have a great day
I want a jamaican food restaurant in the centre part of town.
There are no jamaican restaurants in the center part of town. Do you have another cuisine or area preference?
Are there any International restaurants in the centre? 
There are two international restaurants in the centre area, both moderately priced.  Would you like their addresses?
I don't care. 
May I recommend Bloomsbury Restaurant which is an International restaurant in the centre and is moderately priced?
What is the phone number and price range?
Bloomsbury Restaurant is moderately priced, and you can reach them at 0871 942 9180.
Thank you. That sounds good.
Thank you for using our system. Would you like anything else? 
Thank you goodbye.
Good bye.
Can you help me find a nice Asian restaurant to dine at in Cambridge? 
I have several Asian Oriental places. Most are in the center, but there's one on the north side. Do you have an area in mind?
yes. it should be inthe centre and preferably expensive
Kymmoy is just what you are looking for at 52 Mill Road City.  Do you need me to book a table for you?
Yes please, 6 guests at 18:00 on Wednesday.
Your table is reserved at Kymmoy for Wednesday at 18:00. Your reference is CDHR89U2. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
no thaks for helping
Well, thank you for calling!  You have a great day!
I'm most grateful. Oops! One more request! A hotel with free parking in the same price range as the restaurant.
I have 5 hotels that meet your criteria. What area are you wanting to stay in?
Area doesn't matter as long as it is a hotel type with parking and expensive
I am showing 5 options here. I personally recommend gonville hotel. Shall I book it for you?
There's a place I've heard of that I'm looking for more details. Warkworth House. Do you know of it?
The Warkworth House is a 4-star guesthouse in the east that is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it for you?
book it for 1 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : SNGZ3N0D.
Thank you for your help!
You are more than welcome! 
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the cheap price range.
There are 8 hotels that meet your requirements. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse? 
I would prefer a guesthouse that includes free parking.
You would love the Allenbell guesthouse.  It meets your criteria.  Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes please go ahead and book for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday.
Ok.  I was able to take care of that for you,  Your reference number is 5JNUY73K.
I am also looking for some places to go in the north. Any Recommendations? 
Would you like to go boating? riverboat georgina is in the north
That sounds good. Can you give me the phone number and address for there?
The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Their phone number is 01223902091. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Please have a taxi pick me up from the hotel at 13:00 and take me to the boat attraction. Send me car type and contact number.
Your booking was completed. The car will be a grey volkswagen and the contact number is 07010971496.
Thank you for the assistance. I believe we are finished.
Have a wonderful time.
I need to book a taxi to leave after 07:45 to take me to Bangkok City.
Where will your departure site be?
I'm leaving from primavera.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	yellow bmw Contact number	:	07711369546 
I need a taxi departing from avalon.
Can yo let me know what time you want to leave?
Yeah, after 20:00 would be ideal
You got it. What is your destination?
I am going to the fitzwilliam museum.
Your booking is complete, a black honda will be picking you up. 
can I please have the contact number?
The contact number 07928549844.
Thank you so much! That's all.
You're welcome, have a nice day.
Hello! I'm lookng for someplace to go in the centre.
I have many attractions in the center of town. Do you have a specific type in mind?
I would like to visit a museum.
There are 11 museums in the centre what type of museum would you like to visit?
Well I also will be needing somewhere to stay. Is there a museum located close to a hotel?
There are several hotel options in the centre if you are interested in staying that part of town.
First let's work out what attraction I'll choose. Can you pick me your favorite in the centre and tell me their address and entrance fee, please?
The Primavera is a nice museum with free entrance and is located at 10 king s parade, postcode cb21sj.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you recommend me a hotel with free wifi in the same area?
I have 5 different places that ranges from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preferred price range? 
Something cheap with free wifi would be perfect, I'm trying to keep this trip from busting my budget.
I suggest Alexander Bed and Breakfast. It is cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. I need it for one person, for three nights, and starts on Wednesday. 
I have a room booked for you for 3 nights starting Wednesday.  The reference number is Q6M0JJPA.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you. I don't have any other questions at this time. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
I would like to find an expensive hotel to stay at that also has free wifi. Can you help?
university arms hotel is an expensive hotel with free wifi.
I also want to stay in a hotel with star rate of 3 that is in the south. Does University Arms fit that criteria?
No, but The Lensfield Hotel meets those requirements. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, that sounds great. Can you book me a room for 4 people, 2 nights starting Tuesday please?
Your booking was successful! You reference number is XMCHT677. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I could you look for a train leaving thursday to go to leicester?
Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.
There are several trains leaving on Thursday.  What time would you like to depart?
I don't have a departure preference but would like to arrive by 10:15.
Would you like to go to hogwarts?
Umm, no I am going to Leicester from Cambridge on Thursday arriving by 10:15. 
Train TR4859 arrives at 10:06. Do you want me to book it? 
Yes please!  Also, kindly provide the price, travel time, and train ID if you can.  Maybe I will visit hogwarts next time HAHA
TR4859 is a 105-minute trip, and the cost is 37.80 GBP per ticket.
Thank you very much.
Would you like for me to book a ticket for you?
No, thanks, that's all I need, thanks so much! Have a great day!
Will you be needing a taxi? Is there anything else that I can do for today?
No, that's all I will be needing today. Good-bye.
Thank you for your call. Please enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I am seeking a restaurant that serves British food in the centre.
I have about 7 different options for you. Do you have a certain price range in mind?
I'd like a moderately priced one.
There are 4 restaurants that match that criteria which are Restaurant One Seven, The Oak Bistro, The Copper Kettle, and Cotto. Which one would you be interested in? 
I would like the oak bistro.
Great choice.  It is at 6 Lensfield Road.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, table for 2 at 13:30 on Friday. If not available then Tuesday. Need reference number as well.
I made the booking for Friday. Your reference number is 0Z3UX3DM. Do you need anything else?
I'd also like a nightclub to go to in the same area as the restaurant. 
There are 5 nighclubs in the centre. Would you like more information on them?
Yes can I get the phone number of one you'd recommend?
ballare's phone number is 01223364222. Can I get you anything else?
No, we are all set, thanks for making this trip easier.  
It was my pleasure to be of service. Goodbye. 
I would like a ticket for a train going to Ely, leaving on Thursday please? 
Hello, there are trains leaving every two hours on the :50's, would you prefer a morning, afternoon, or evening departure?
I want to leave after 14:15.
The first departure from cambridge to ely on Thursday leaves at 15:50. Would you like to reserve a ticket?
No thank you but I'll need the train ID and travel time.
No worries. It is the TR0013 and lasts for 17 minutes.
Thanks. I was also wondering about restaurants. Any chance there are places that serve new zealand cuisine?
I am not finding anything, can you please tell me where you are dining? Is it Cambridge or Ely?
Ely please. Sorry for any confusion. Any type of food is fine, I am not picky.
I found 110 restaurants, do you have anything to narrow it down?
Yes I am looking for an expensive restaurant serving asian oriental food
There is Saigon City on 169 High Street in Chesterton and Kymmoy on 52 Mill Road in City Centre.
Please make reservations for me at Saigon City.
I'd be happy to make a reservation for you at saigon city, how many people will be in your party and for what day and time?
You know what, I'm not sure, that you for your information. I'll get back to you to make a reservation.
Is there anything else I can help you with today, then?
That will be all, thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Thank you for using our services.
Can I take a train from stevenage on tuesday?
Absolutely. Where would you be heading to and what day/time would you like to travel? 
I need to go to Cambridge on Tuesday and arrive by 11:15.
The earliest from Stevenage is the TR9263, and it leaves at 05:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 06:43. Would you like to reserve a ticket for this train?
Sure, I need to book it for 3 people.  Can I get a reference number please? Thanks so much!
Sure thing. The booking was successful, the total fee is 38.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: PL3IZVMA. Anything else I can do for you?
I also need a hotel in the center area.
I have 3 hotels in the centre. Two are expensive and one is moderately priced. Do you have a preference? 
do any of them have free parking?
Yes, two hotels have free parking. The only difference between the two is that one has a 3-star rating and the other has 4 stars. Do you have a preference?
Can I get the price range, address, and phone number for the 4-star place?
The 4 star hotel is in the expensive price range and its address is regent street and its telephone number is 01223351241.
What is the name of the 4 star hotel that you are referring to?
It's called the University Arms Hotel. Would you like me to book your stay?
yes please book it for me
I am getting that ready now, what day will that start.  I also need to know how many people and how long?
Actually I don't need it booked, I just need to know the price range, address and phone please.
It is in the expensive range. It is located on regent street and their phone number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That was all I needed.  Thank you.  Goodbye.
Alright. Glad I could be of help. Thanks for calling.
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
What price range are you looking for?
I don't care about that. I do want a place with a 4-star rating.
There are 16 entries here. Personally I recommend allenbell. 
That sounds good as long as it's got parking. Can you get me the address?
How about the Allenbell? The address is 517a coldham lane.
Sounds great.  Thanks for your help, that is all I need.  Bye.
Thank you and have a great day, goodbye.
Hey any suggestions for good food? I'd also love to find a train that leaves on Friday from Broxbourne.
First of all, there is a train leaving Broxbourne for Cambridge every hour on Friday.
I would like to leave after 08:15 that morning.
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No specific time, but I'd love the time and train ID.
First I need to verify if cambridge is your destination.
yes, i'm traveling to cambridge.
The TR3005 leaves at 8:32. It's travel time is 60 minutes. Would you like to book a seat?
yes please book it for me thank you 
I will book it for you now.
No thank you. I'm also looking for an expensive french restaurant. 
I found 2 restaurants located in the north and centre.  Do you care about the area?
the centre please. can you reserve a table for friday please. 
And for how many people?
It will be for 2 people on friday at 15:30
Okay, I've booked you a table for 2 at Cote on Friday at 15:30. Your reservation number is 6C4FPXC9. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
thats all i need for tonight. thanks for all the help. goodbye. 
Thank you for calling and have a fantastic trip. Goodbye.
Please book dinner reservations for five people on Saturday at the India House restaurant.
It is located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham. But, I cannot perform the booking function as yet.
Really? I need at table at 14:00 Wednesday for 4 people.
The booking was successful. The reference number is MNFWDWLV.
What about a booking for Sunday?
I have also reserved for Saturday evening
Can you book Sunday as well like I asked please?
My apologies, I will cancel the Saturday booking, what time on Sunday would you like me to reserve?
same time please.
You're all set! Your reference number is I64XBD1R
Sorry change of plans can you cancel and book for monday now please?
I have table for 4 booked for Monday at 14:00 with the reference number E7SLGC6T
Thanks. I'm also looking for an expensive 3 star hotel. I'd like it to have free wifi and parking.
The two hotels meeting your needs are the gonville hotel in the centre; and the lensfield hotel in the south. Which one do you prefer?
Either is fine as long as it has free parking and expensive price range. I will need the postcode as well.
Great, which day and how many people should I book for?
I am looking for a fun attraction to go to in the north. Do you have any recommendations? 
I have 4 attractions located in the north. 2 are swimming pools. There is also a boating attraction and a park. Which would you prefer?
I want the boating one.  What is the entrance fee for that?
The entrance fee for that is unknown according to our system. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
maybe if you can get me the address. i also  want a restaurant in the same place which serves indian food.
The address is Cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Postcode cb43ax.  There are two indian restaurants in the North, one is moderately priced the other is cheap.
Can I reserve a table for two at the moderately priced Indian restaurant?
What day and time would you like those reservations?
I need them for 2 people at 12:45 on Thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : MDKCBM4S.
Thanks for the reservation. I also need a taxi from the  passenger cruisers to arrive at the Indian restaurant by the booked 12:45 time, please.
Okay. I have booked a taxi to pick you up at Riverboat Georgina and take you to The Nirala by 12:45. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
It would be nice if you would tell me the car type and it's contact number.
Of course, sorry about that oversight. The car is a red Volvo, and their contact number is 07988242006. Is there anything else you need help with?
That's alright. Thanks so much. I've got nothing more today. Bye!
I'm glad I could help.
Hello, I'm looking for a train departing from ely.
Okay, sure  I'd be happy to help. Did you have a specific destination or date in mind?
Yes I want to arrive in Cambridge on Tuesday.
What time would you like to depart and/or arrive?
I need to depart from ely and arrive in cambridge by 17:15
There are 6 available trains that will arrive in Cambridge by that time. There is 5:52, 7:52, 9:52, 11:52, 13:52 and 15:52. Which would you like?
The 5:52 will be fine. Please book it for five people.
Sure, you reference number is 5CAOA9FN. Is there anything else i can do for you today?
Awesome. I'm also looking for places to go in the centre. Can you get me the entrance fees to these places?
I have 79 places for you to go. Can you help me narrow your search by specifying what type of place you would like information on?
I would like an attraction in the centre please. 
Okay, that narrows it down to 44.  Is there any specific place you'd like to go to?
Do you have any museums?
There are 11 museums in the area, would you be interested in the whipple museum of the history of science?
Sure, the history of science sounds cool. How much is the entrance fee for it?
It actually has no entrance fee, would you like the address?
Yes, I think that's the last thing I'll need.
The address is free school lane. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you for using our service!
Hi, I'd like to book a taxi from Hakka to Sidney Sussex College. 
What time would you like to leave?
I'd like to arrive at the college at 20:15.
I booked that for you. The car is a white skoda and the contact number is 07158145955.
Perfect. That's all for today! Bye!
Great.  Have a nice day.  Good Bye. 
I am coming to Cambridge and need a place to stay. Is there a hotel in centre with free wifi?
I recommend the university arms hotel on regent street. Would you like me to book your stay?
Is that a guesthouse? I would like to stay in a guesthouse please. It doesn't need to have free parking. 
No it isn't. But the Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai are both guesthouses that fit what you are looking for. Are you interested?
El Shaddai sounds interesting. Can you tell me more about it?
El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse in the centre of town. the phone number is 01223327978. Can I be of further help? 
Yes, please. I'd like a reservation for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday.
You're booked at the El Shaddai, ref #XS30YDOA. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nothing else. Thank you for getting us booked.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
actually, i also need a chinese restaurant.
I can help you with that. In what area of town and price range would you like to dine?
I am looking for the south side and cheap please. 
The Lucky Star will fit your needs. Would you like me to make you  a reservation?
yes the same group of people on the same day at 13:30 please, sorry for being such a pain today
Okay.  I have made reservations for 7 at the Lucky Star Restaurant for Tuesday at 13:30.
Thank you. What is the reference number?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3GOBXA42.
Ok great, Thank you. That is all that I need.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
the missing sock is a nice restaurant in the east part of town in the cheap price range
What is the address and phone number?
The address of The Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road and the phone number is 01223 812660. May I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you, I have everything I need.  Thank you and goodbye!
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
Goodbye.
Goodbye. 
I need a train to Kings Lynn.
What day would you be wanting to travel? 
Friday please. From Cambridge leaving after 17:00
The earliest train leaving after 17:00 on Friday leaves at 17:11. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Can you give me the train ID on that one please?
That would be TR9226
Book it, please. I need a single ticket. 
You have been booked for the train. Your reference number is 0UIC4MX9. Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a restaurant in the east that serves international food.
The the missing sock fits that criteria and is in the cheap price range. How else can I assist you?
Is there one in the expensive?
No. There are two moderately priced restaurants with international cuisine in the centre of town. Would you like to hear about those?
Hmmm....how about an expensive restaurant serving gastropub food in the east?
There's one restaurant that fits your requests, would you like me to book a reservation?
No thank you. Can I have to phone number and postcode for that restaurant?
The phone number is 01223247877. It's located in the cb13nl postcode. 
Thank you so much. Have a nice day!
Have a great day as well.  I think you'll love the Royal Standard.
Thanks again for the information!
Have a great time.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using our service.  
i want to find an international restaurant
Okay! I have found 3. One is in the East part of town, and one is in the Centre. What part of town would you like to dine in?
What is the price range of the one in the east?
The price range for the east restaurant is cheap. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I'd like a table for 5 at 16:45 on Friday please.
Great! Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : W9RRJVPX. Is there anything else you need?
I need to find a room too. 
What area would you like me to look for hotels at?
Doesn't matter so much, as long as it has 4 stars & is cheap. I would also like parking and wifi.
The allenbell hotel is available in the east part of town. would you like me to book it for you?
no all i need is the phone number
You can reach them at the number 01223210353. Anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks!
You're welcome!  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
What is good in the south part of town
What type of food are you interested in?
I don't care what type of food it is.
There are nine restaurants in the south area. Is there a price range you would like in particular?
Yes, under $25.00 per entree.
Would you like the cheap, moderate, or expensive price range?
cheap, please 
There are two available in the south: Nandos, which serves Portuguese, and The Lucky Star, which serves Chinese. Do you have a preference? 
Can you help me find a restaurant in the south that doesn't cost a lot of money. In fact, I need one that's quite inexpensive.
nandos is a nice place, it serves Portuguese food and it is in the cheap price range and the south part of town, is there anything else? 
yes what is there address
Nandos's address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you good bye. 
Goodbye.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
Great, we have a number of restaurants available. Are you interested in a particular type of food?
No, thank you! I am looking for a train that departs on Monday, though. Can you please help me with that?
What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day do you need to travel?
I want to leave from Cambridge traveling to Norwich, arriving by 18:30.
TR8504 will leave at 16:36 and arrive by 17:55. Do you need more information or would you like to book now?
Yes I am looking for a particular restaurant called Shanghai Family Restaurant.
Okay shanghai family restaurant is located in the centre and is moderately priced. 
What's the food type?
The shanghai family restaurant serves chinese food. Would you like for me to book a table for you?
No, that is all the information i need. Thank you.
ok, have a great day!
I am looking for a chinese restaurant in the centre of town.
Sure, there are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre of town, do you have a price range in mind?
It doesn't matter. Can you pick one and give me the postcode and the price range, please.
Sure, the charlie chan is good, the price range is cheap and postcode is cb21db. 
Can you recommend an attraction that is also in the town centre?
Certainly. You might enjoy All Saints Church. It's famous for its architecture, and free to visit.
That sounds great! Could you send me the phone number, postcode, and attraction type?
All Saints Church is famous for its architecture. It's located on Jesus Lane, CB58BS. They can be reached at 01223452587. Is there anything else I can find for you?
Yes.  I need a taxi to take me from the church to the restaurant at 21:30
I found a red skoda phone number is 07911744131
Could you book that taxi for me, please? And that's the car make and contact number, right?
Yes, that's right. Your taxi booking is complete.
Thank you, I have no more questions.
My pleasure. Goodbye.
I'm trying to find more information on a particular hotel called the Alexander bed and breakfast.
it is located at 56 saint barnabas road. you can call them on 01223525725
i want  to book it for 2 people and two nights starting monday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KCD8Q2CX.
Thanks. That's just what I needed.
great, is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and located on the west side.
Is there a certain type of food you would like?
It does not matter can you recommend one please?
I would recommend Saigon City. It is expensive but a great Asian oriental restaurant located on the north side of Cambridge. Do you want more information?
That sound great. Can you book it for us for 18:00 on Monday?
Your table is booked! The reference number is CGWD9SO1. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you that will be all.
have a wonderful trip!
I'm looking to stay at a 3 star hotel in the north.
Sorry, I have no results for that query. Would you like to try a different area of town?
Are there any moderate priced hotels in the North?
Yes I have two. Would you like me to book one?
I need a hotel to include free parking; does either have that? 
Yes both of them have free parking.
Which one would you recommend?
How about the Ashley hotel?
Is the Ashley hotel a 3 star hotel?
the ashley is actually a 2 star hotel.
That will be okay, can we book that.
Please tell me how many people will be staying, starting on what day and for how many nights?
I do not want to book it. I need the postcode and address only.
Okay. The postcode for the Ashley Hotel is cb41er. The address is 74 Chesterton Road. Can I help with anything else today?
I'd like a taxi to travel from the restaurant to the hotel.
You never actually mentioned a restaurant. Are you needing help finding one? 
Yes, need a chinese food restaurant in the same area and price range as the hotel.
How many people?
It will be just me today, thanks.
Golden Wok sounds suitable for you. Do you want a reservation?
no. i  just need the postcode and address
It is 	cb43hl	191 Histon Road Chesterton
Thanks. Sorry about that. I'd still like to request a taxi between the two.
I will need to know where you are leaving from and going to and what time you wish to arrive or leave.
I will be commuting between the hotel and restaurant.
Okay, let me work on booking that for you. 
I need to leave the restaurant by 3:30, and I'll be going to the hotel.
Booking completed! Booked car type		yellow honda Contact number		07378282192 
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today. Goodbye
I hope you have a pleasant stay!
I'm looking for a hotel (not a guesthouse) on the west side of town. Can you tell me about my options?
The Huntingdon Marriott is expensive, and I also have the Cambridge Belfry, which is cheap. Are you interested in one of these?
What do you have with a rating of 1 star?
There are no 1 star hotels in that part of town.  Is there another area you might be interested in?
No, it has to be in the west. A 4 star place would be okay, as long as it is a hotel and not a guesthouse. 
No hotels meet your criteria. Would you like to change your criteria?
Well, I definitely want a hotel in the West. I need one for 6 people for a stay of 5 nights starting Saturday.
Sorry, there are no hotels meeting your criteria. Could you change your criteria?
Is the Cambridge Belfry available for 4 nights starting Saturday for 6 people?
Unfortunately, no. Can we try a shorter stay period?
Are there any four star hotels in the west?
Yes, huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry.
TO recap, I need a hotel in the West, four stars.
huntingdon marriott hotel and the cambridge belfry are 4 star hotels in the west.  The second hotel is cheap & the first is expensive, which would you prefer?
I'd rather have the least expensive one. What star rating is it?
It is a 4-star rating.
OK, can you just book a 4 star hotel room in the west part of town?  Any one is fine.
Both of these hotels are booked. Would you like to change any of your parameters?
Let me try again.  I am needing a 4 star hotel in the west, for 6 people.  Checking in on Saturday, 5 nights.
That worked, thank you for summarizing for me.  Your reference number is U0E4KO2T.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a Hotel type in the west that's 4 stars to book for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on Saturday, please recheck that you can't book that.
I have that all worked out for you, the reference code is MQ7AMF1M. The hotel is the Cabdrife Butterfly.Is there anything else you need?
No, I'm sorry that was so confusing.  It appears I have 2 hotels, but that is better than 0.  Have a good day.  Bye.
You have a good day also.  Bye.
I'm looking for hotels in the center.
The Alexdander Bed and Breakfast is a good recommendation. It has four stars and affordable pricing. The Gonville Hotal is also a good choice. Would you like the address to either?
I would like for the hotel to have a 4 star rating and include free wifi.
There are two, one in the expensive price range, one in the cheap price range. Which do you prefer?
I don't have a preference. 
The University Arms hotel fits all of your criteria, would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please book a room for 3 people and 5 nights.
What day would you like to start your reservation?
Please start the reservation on Monday. What is the reference number? I also need a restaurant that serves australasian food at a moderate price in the same area as the hotel
I am sorry but there are no restaurants in that area which meet your criteria.  Would you like me to search for another type of cuisine?
Could you see if there is a restaurant that serves British food in the same area as the hotel?
Certainly, we have either restaurant one seven, the oak bistro, the copper kettle, cotto. Can I book a table at one, if so how many will be dining?
Three people please, on Monday at 18:30.
Booked you a table at the oak bistro. Your reference number is SSUTW528. 
Thank you very much for your help. 
You are welcome.
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge
I can help you with that.  Do you prefer hotels or guesthouses?
That does not matter but I would like it in the cheap price range.
There is a bed and breakfast on 56 saint barnabas road by the name of Alexander, with free parking, internet and 4 star rated. All in a very cheap price.
That sounds perfect. That's all I needed for today, thanks.
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge, have a great day!
I would like to find a pool as well. 
There are 4 to choose from. Would you rather go to one located in the east, north, or centre?
Let's put the pool on hold. I forgot to ask you to book the Alexander for me. It is just me for two nights beginning Saturday.
I'd be happy to reserve your rooms for you. How many people will you be traveling with?
There is only me.
Your booking for Alexander bed and breakfast was successful. The reference number is F371FPBA. What else can I do for you?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from the attraction at 21:00 and take me to the hotel. I'll need car and contact info too.
We didnt pick out a pool yet, any preference in area?
Yes, I'd like in to be in the centre of town
I am sorry I need to know where you are going?
I would like a swimming pool at the centre of town.
Parkside pool is in the centre of town. The address is gonville place and the phone number is 01223445100. 
Can you help me find a restaurant? I want to find a place in the centre.
Sure! There are plenty of restaurants in the centre to choose from. What type of food do you prefer?
I'd like to find a vegetarian restaurant, if possible. 
I'm afraid there's none of those in the centre.  Would you like to try and different area of town?
What about a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the centre instead?
There are a few options in the centre ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a price range you would prefer?
no not really. why don't you pick one a reserve a table for 4 at 19:15 on wednesday please
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is SB1NTSYB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'll need a ride there. Can you arrange a taxi for me?
Where will you be departing from?
Departing from the hotel and arriving at the restaurant by 19:15.
First we need to book you a hotel or guesthouse. Do you have any preferences for location or price?
I want kirkwood house- I don't need a booking, just the postcode.
The postcode is cb41da. How else may I help you?
Now I need a taxi.
I have booked a taxi from kirkwood house to the dojo noodle bar for you. A white honda will pick you up. The contact number is 07516276037. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Will the taxi arrive to the restaurant by the booked time?
yes, it will arrive by 19:15
that will be okay for now thanks
You're welcome! I hope you have a wonderful trip!
Thank you. I appreciated your assistance.
And thank you for texting the cambridge towninfo centre. Take care!
Can you help me find somewhere to eat in the centre?
Sure! Are you looking for any particular type of food such as African, British, Chinese, etc?
No type of food but I'd like it to be in the moderate range please
Great, I have Yippee Noodle Bar that meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. There are five of us for Monday at 19:45, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : SOPGGCUP.
thank you for your help
You are more than welcome! 
Great TownInfo service. Goodbye. 
You're more than welcome. Have a great day.
I need to take a train from cambridge to peterborough.
There are hundreds of options, I can narrow it down if you have a day, arrival time or departure time.  
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive at 16:00
I have plenty of options for you. Would you like to leave first thing in the morning or in the afternoon?
Earlier is better, since I need to be there by 16:00. 
TR3577 will arrive at 15:24 would that work for you?
Yes, how long is the travel and what is the price? 
The train ride is 50 minutes and will cost 13.20 pounds.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Not just yet. What time does that train leave Cambridge?
That train leaves Cambridge at 14:34.
Thank you, I appreciate it. I also need some help finding an African restaurant. 
There is a great African restaurant called Bedouin located in the Centre.  Price range is considered expensive but you get a great experience.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
That would be great, thank you.
For how many people do you need your reservation for?
Actually I really do prefer something in the cheap price range. If there is no African restaurants, how about something Italian?
I recommend Ask. It is in the Center and is in the cheap price range. Can I get you a reservation there?
Actually, can you give me the postcode and phone number?  No booking necessary. 
Phone is 01223364917, post code cb21uf. Anything else you need?
No, that took care of all my needs. Thanks. Have a good one. Bye. 
You're welcome. You as well. Bye!
i want to check out a museum
I have 23 museums.  Can you help me narrow what area you would like to be in?
The area doesn't matter but can you recommend one and give me their address?
My favorite is the Broughton House Gallery, located at 98 King Street. 
What is the entrance fee there?
Admission is absolutely free!
Sweet!. Can you give me informatin on a place called home from home?
It's a guesthouse in north, 4 stars, moderate price. 
Thank you! Can I also have the address, please?
its address is 78-80 Milton road
Great.  Thanks!  I also needed to find a taxi, can you assist me with that? 
Where would you like to be picked up and at what time?
I would like to be picked up from the hotel by 06:30
Your booking was successful. It will be a yellow audi and the contact number os 0747386590. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's all, thanks a lot.
Happy to help, have a nice day.
Thank you, have a nice day!
Contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre if you need anymore help. Goodbye!
What attractions can you recommend in the centre?
We have lovely architecture. All saints church and holy trinity are quite nice
I love architecture. Can you please provide the phone number and postcode for Holy Trinity?
I can. The phone number is 01223355397. The postcode is cb23nz. Would you like more information?
I need some quick information on trains from cambridge to bishops stortford. What can you tell me?
Trains go from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford every 2 hours at 29 past the hour. What day will you be traveling, and at what time of day?
I will need to go on Monday but I can't leave until after 09:30.
The first train out after 09:30 is TR7928, leaving at 11:29. 
That is the arrival time and total travel time for TR7928. 
it arrives at 12:07 and only a 38 minute ride
That will work perfect can you book that for me please?
How many people will be travelling? 
Just myself. Please book me that train please.
Your reservation for 1 person on the TR7928 train was successful. Your Reference number is : KI1ILFP7. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thank you. 
thank you and welcome to Cambridge 
thanks too and goodbye
enjoy your stay
I am looking for night Clubs in cambridge, any suggestion?
I have 6 nightclubs, 5 are in centre and 1 is in south. Would you like information on one of them?
Can I have the name, postcode, phone number, and address for the one in South?
Sure, it's called The Place, and is located at 22 Sidney Street, postcode cb23hg.  The phone number is 0223324600.  Can I help with anything else?
Yeah, I need a place to stay. 
There are many fine places to stay in Cambridge. Let me help you find one that suits your needs. Would you prefer a hotel or a guest house?
I would like a guesthouse with a star of 4 in the moderate price range. I would like to be in the east.
a and b guest house has free internet also. Would you like me to book this?
I'm not ready to book yet.  What is the phone number and is there free parking?
Ok, the phone number is 01223315702 and it does not have free parking. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all. 
Have a good day and contact us if you need anything else.
I am looking for a place to stay with 4 stars. 
Certainly, is there an area of town you prefer?
No, but it should have free wifi, 4 stars, and free parking.
There are quite a few options that match your needs -would you prefer cheap or moderately priced? 
No. You can pick the hotel. I will need it for 3 people lasting 2 nights, from Friday. 
I have booked you a room at the Acorn Guest House. They are at 154 Chesterson Road, CB41DA. Their phone number is 01223353888. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need the reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : UUJ3X14V.
Thanks! I am also looking for suggestions for night clubs.
I have 6 night clubs in the city, 5 are in the centre and 1 is in the South?  Would you like info on any of them?
What is the entrance fee and the phone number for the one in the south?
The Place is a nightclub in the south part of town. I'm sorry,  i do not have the entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223324600. Is there anything else? 
No, that's all I needed! Thanks you've been so helpful! Bye!
You are most welcome. Enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for some entertainment in the centre, is there anything interesting to see there?
There are tons of things to see in the centre, you'll have a blast. What kind of attraction were you thinking?
I was thinking something in entertainment, but if that is not available I would like to know where the swimming pools are. 
Nothing in the terms of entertainment but there is a swimmingpool. It is called Parkside Pools.
that is fine. get me the phone number and address
The phone number is 01223446100. The address is gonville place. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for information on a restaurant called rice boat. 
Rice Boat is an expensive Indian restaurant on the west side. Their location is 37 Newnham Road, Newnham. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table for Saturday for 5 people at 13:45? Thanks. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. 
Can I have the reference number for the booking? 
Yes I will get you that number,one moment please 
I would like to find a cheap restaurant in the centre.
There are quite a few options in that price range and area. What kind of food are you interested in?
How about Asian Oriental?
Hey I've found dojo noodle bar, how does that sound?
Sure, thank you! Will you please book a table for 2 people?
What day and time would you like ?
I need to reserve it on Monday at 14:00. There will be 2 people dining.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : SBH0ATGU.  Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you so much.  Could you also get me the address for the Cambridge Museum of Technology?
The address is The Old Pumping Station, Cheddars Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That was everything I needed, thank you!
Do you need anymore information?
No, you took care of it all. You were very helpful. Have a great night! Goodbye. 
I'm glad I could be of assistance.
I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 09:30.
There are 1064 trains leaving after that time, do you have a preferred destination?
The train should leave on friday and should go to stevenage.
There are 49 trains headed to Stevenage on that date after that time. How does 11:21 sound?
That sounds great. Can you please book that for one person and give me the reference number?
It has been booked. The reference number is 4SZT0AAV.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a particular hotel called the Huntington Marriot Hotel. Can you help me?
The Huntington Marriott Hotel is located on Kingfisher Way. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I need a room for just myself for 4 nights staring from Monday. Also could you please provide me with the reference number?
All booked! Your reference number is 4EMWSAP1.
Alright, that's everything! Thank you very much.
I am glad I could be of service, I appreciate your business and I hope to see you again. Have a great day!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant to dine at, somewhere in the North End of the Cambridge area. 
There are 5 expensive restaurants on the north side of town. What type of food would you like?
Any type of food is fine. Can you book a table someplace that sounds good? I need a table for 4 on tuesday at 19:30.
I have booked you a table for 4 on Tuesday at 19:30 at Saigon City, on the north end of Cambridge at 169 High Street Chesterton and your reference number is JARZR20Q if you need to contact them between now and then.
Thanks! I also need to book a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday.
I have many trains leaving from Cambridge to London kings cross on Friday. What time would you like to book the train for?
Uuh... actually, I'm headed to norwich from cambridge on Wednesday.
Sorry about the confusion on that, what time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after 12:00 please, what do you have available?
I have many different times available. The first one leaves at 12:26 followed by 13:36, 14:36, 15:36, and so forth until 23:36. Which time would you like best?
12:26 should be okay can I please get the train ID and travel time?
I apologize see that the TR5574 leaves Cambridge for Norwich Wednesday at 12:36 and arrives at 13:55. Will that work for you? 
Thank you for that information, that is all I need at this time.
I'm glad I was able to help! Thank you for using the Help Desk. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a chinese restaurant in the south part of town.
Yes, there are three, What is your price range?
I want something expensive.
There are two restaurants that match your criteria. Peking Restaurant is one of them. 
Let's book Peking for 1 person on Friday at 15:15.
I have made those reservations your reference number is J9NGMKIA.
Thanks so much for your help. 
Its been my pleasure. If there's anything else I can help you with, please let me know otherwise have a great day.
I need a train departing Cambridge that will arrive by 17:00.
I would be happy to help you find a train leaving Cambridge. In order to better help you can you let me know where you are traveling to, and what day you are looking to leave?
I am going to Norwich and I want to leave on Thursday.
TR1584 arrives by 10:55.  That should give you plenty of time.
Okay, can you please make a booking for 8 people?
Yes I was able to make a booking and your reference number is 2IFP2I1S.
Perfect! Can you also find me a restaurant?
What type of restaurant are you looking for?
Modern Eclectic please
I'm afraid I could not find a modern eclectic restaurant. Would you be interested in a gastropub?
No, but an expensive Mediterranean place in the center of town would work.
What price range? I have a few options for you.
Something in the upper range, over 20 a place.
There are two Mediterranean choices: la mimosa or shiraz restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
I've heard great things about La Mimosa.  Can you book a table for all of us at 10:00 on the day we arrive?
Table for 8 at La Mimosa on Thursday at 10:00. The restaurant will hold your table for up to 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : F56UFR10.
Thank you for booking that for me. 
Have a nice day, goodbye!
I'm looking for a train that departs out of town on Monday. I'm in Cambridge now. 
There are many trains that match this search. Where would you like your destination to be?
What trains do you see listed leaving Monday?
Well, there are 202 total, where would you want to go?
I'd like to go to London Liverpool Street.
We have ten trains leaving from Cambridge to London - Liverpool Street. Did you need to arrive by a particular time?
Yes, I need leave before 1:00 PM.
Alright. TR7276 Leaves Cambridge at 11:59 and arrives at London Liverpool St at 13:27. Does that work?
No, I need to arrive by 12:00.
The TR3085 leaves cambridge on monday at 0959 and arrives at london liverpool street at 11:27. Does that work?
Yes thanks but I need the price for the train.
The cost for the train is 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time. Could you also help me find a moderately priced lodging?
there are 3 available hotels, do you need free parking?
Yes. I also would like it to be a guesthouse and have a 4 star rating.
The archway house fits your criteria. Would you like to book there?
Does the Archway House have internet?
Yes, I believe it does.
What's the phone number there?
Their phone number is 01223575314.
Great, thanks. Can I please also get the address? 
Sure, it is located at 52 gilbert road, cb43pe.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No that won't be necessary, that's all I needed. Thank You!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Goodbye!
Thank you for calling!
Can you help me find a restaurant for from trip?
Do you have any food preferences? 
I would like some Italian food.
There are 15 italian restaurants. Is there an area and/or pricepoint you would like to stay in? 
Yes, I'd like a moderate price range, and a restaurant on the south side.
I have just one place available. It is Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton. They are moderately priced and are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. 
Please make reservations for 7 people at 19:30 on friday. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : JUMD2Q6K. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Yes I am also looking for a train that arrives in Cambridge at 12:00.
What is your departure point and what day do you want to travel?
I will be departing Kings Lynn on Friday.
Okay great! TR9102 will be perfect, do you need a booking?
Yes. please get me tickets for the same group of people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 88.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : YTTF2L2U.
Thank you that is all I needed.
No problem, have a great day.
I am looking for Addenbrookes Hospital. Does it also provide acute medicine care for the elderly?
That hospital does provide that type of care. Their telephone is 01223217261. I can book you an appointment as well if you'd like.
can you give me the address and post code?
Sure, the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the post code is CB20QQ.
That will be all thank you.
If there is nothing else I can assist with, I wish you a great day.
Is there any hotel in the area with 4 stars and I can get for cheap price. 
I found the Cambridge Belfry, a 4 star cheap hotel.  Would you like to book?
I would just like to know first if this place includes free parking?
Yes it does include free parking. 
OK, can I have their phone number? Oh, and they have free wifi, right?
Yes, they do offer free WiFi. The number is 01954714600
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the east that serves Indian food.
There are four restaurants that match your search. What price range would you like?
The price range doesn't matter. Can you give me a few names to choose from?
The choices are Curry Prince, Pipasha Restaurant, Rajmahal, and Sitar Tandoori. Would you like to book a table at one of these?
I don't need a table, but can I get the address, postcode and price range for Curry Prince?
Yes sure. The Curry Prince's telephone number is 01223566388. And their address and postcode are 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton cb58jj.
What is the price range for The Curry Prince?
The price range is moderate. 
Thanks! Now, can I get a taxi from the Cambridge Belfry to the Curry Prince? I need to leave the hotel by 4:00.
I was able to book that taxi for you. You will be riding in a Blue Audi. Their number is 07768403851. Can I help you with something else?
That was everything I needed, Thanks for everything and please take care!
Happy to be of service, and thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
Help! I'm injured and need a nearby hospital!
So sorry to hear that! The Addenbrookes Hospital can help. They are located at Hills Rd, Cambridge 
Can you give me their full address?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. Their telephone number is 01223245151.
Okay. That's all I need. Thanks. 
I am happy to help. Have a good day. Goodbye. 
I'm looking for a train to leicester on tuesday.
There are 19 trains going to Leicester Tuesday, where are you departing from and what time would you like to leave or arrive?
I'm leaving Cambridge and i need to be there by 16:15.
Ok, the TR1997 arrives at 16:06. Would you like to book that train?
I would, but I still need the departure time.
I have several departure times, when would work best for you?
When does TR1997  depart?
It departs at 14:21 from Cambridge
Yes, that's good.  I am also looking for the cambridge university botanic gardens.  Can you provide the entrance fee, phone number, and area please.
It's in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01223336265 and the entrance fee is 4 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. 
Okay well I hope you enjoy your stay.
Can you find a hotel named Worth House for me? Thanks.
Sure, it is a guesthouse in the north. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Can you tell me if they have free internet?
Yes, they have free wifi. Do you need anything else?
I would also like a train that leaves on Tuesday and arrive by 14:30.
There are many trains moving on Tuesday, can I get your preferred point of departure and arrival?
I will be going from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford. 
There are multiple trains leaving that match your request. When is the earliest you would want to leave?
I need to arrive by 14:30 I don't have a preference on departing time.
TR2771 leaves at 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Would this one work for you?
Are there any places in the north that have free parking?
There are five places that have parking. What price range do you want?
Any price range is fine. But if you can see if there is one that has 4 stars?
The Acorn Guest House is a moderately-priced 4-star hotel in the north area and has parking. Does this sound acceptable to you?
Does The Acorn Guest House have internet? I don't need free wifi.
Yes, it does have free internet. Would you like to book?
Yes, I would like to book. Can you get me a room there for Sunday? I will need a room for 8 for 5 nights. 
I have successfully booked your room. The reference number is  UUF3948J. Can I be of further assistance? 
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
You're quite welcome, thank you and goodbye! 
I would like to stay in a guesthouse that has free parking while I'm in Cambridge. Thanks. 
I have 21 options for you. What area would you like to stay in?
It can be anywhere as long as it has a 4 star rating.
That narrows it down to 16. Do you care about the price?
I would like a moderate price range.
There are nine guesthouses what part of town would you like 
I'm not concerned with the area - can you recommend a nice place that fits with what I'm looking for?
I think you would like the acorn guesthouse.  Would you like me to book a room?
Yes I would like you to book it for me
What day would you like to stay on? And how many days? How many people?
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from sunday.
I have made those reservations and your reference number is ODO9D763.
thanks for your help. i appreciate.
Is there anything else I could assist you with today?
no that is it for now. thanks for helping
It was my pleasure. Have a nice day. Good bye.
I am planning a trip and could use some help with the trains.
Ok, what day, what time, and where to and from?
I would like to leave on Tuesday departing from Cambridge and arriving by 14:15 at London Kings Cross. 
The TR0315 arrives at 13:51. Do you want to book that trip?
Yes, please book me for 3 people, and can I get the reference number?
Your reference number is  KHOLTDD9. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am looking for a college located in the east.
There are no colleges in the east would you like to try a different area?
In that case, can you check and see if there is one in the type of boat?
Yes there is one.  Camboats is located at the plough, green end, fen ditton.
Great can I get the phone number and entrance fee?
I don't have their entrance fee listed, but you can call them at 01223902112. 
That is all I needed today. Thank you good bye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
Hi I am looking for a hotel called limehouse.
Limehouse is a moderately priced guesthouse with 4 stars located North of cambridge. Their phone number is 01223300552. How else can I assist you today?
Can I book a room starting sunday for 4 nights and seven people?
Unfortunately I can't book that. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Yes, would you try to book it for three nights?
The Limehouse has been booked for 7 people for 3 days, starting on Sunday. The reference number is QHGUALFE.
Thank you. Can you book us a train that gets there by 13:15?
Yes. I will need to know where you will be departing from and what day you would like to take the train?
I am looking to go to cambrige and arrive by 13:15, and want to go on sunday, it should depart from kings lynn.
I have a train that leaves Kings Lynn at 05:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 05:58. Will that do?
That's okay I guess, but is there any later train? We're not early birds.
Yes, I recommend train TR1152 that arrived y 12:58
That's much better, thank you. I'll need tickets for 7.
Great. I have booked 7 tickets for you. The total free is 54.88 GBP and payable at the station. The reference number is 68C4UWDM. 
Thank you so much. I think that did it for today. Have a great one!
Glad to have been of help! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train today.
Sure thing! What is your point of departure and where would you be heading to?
I would like to depart on Saturday from Stevenage and arrive in Cambridge by 15:30. 
What time are you looking to leave?
11 pm would be a time I need to leave
Okay, we have one leaving at 13:54 on Saturday, TR6607. Do you need any more information? Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please! I'd like 4 tickets on that train.
Reference number is : JUMNQW3V. Is there anything else? 
I'm also looking for the address of a restaurant, taj tandoori.
It's located at 64 Cherry Hinton Road, cb17aa. Would you like a reservation? 
What area of town is that in?
it is located in the south. 
That would be all for today.
Have a nice day and thank you for calling.
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre.
Do you have a preference on the type of food?
Yes.  I would like Greek food please.
I'm sorry there's no matches for greek food. 
Okay, can you search for british food instead then?
There are 3 restaurants that meet that criteria. May I suggest fitzbillies restaurant?
That sounds great. Could you book a table for 2 people at 15:45 on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : BSMDJMXH.  Can I be of further assistance?
Thank you that's all I need today. 
Okay, great. I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
i need info about cambridge university botanic gardens
That's a lovely park on Bateman street. What else do you need to know?
What is the cost of admission to the park?
The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Can you tell me their hours of operation please?
I do not have that information their telephone number however is 0122336265
I also need a hotel.
Ok.  Can you tell me a little more about your preferences?  area? price range?
I'm actually looking for the Gonville hotel.
Gonville is an expensive 3 star hotel in the centre. Would you like me to book a room for you? 
Yes, I'll be staying 4 nights starting Friday. 
How many people will be staying there?
just one person.
Your booking for the Gonville Hotel was successful. Your reference number is Y7TYJA3D.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that would serve South Indian food.
I'm sorry I have nothing listed matching your criteria. What about just Indian food?
Darn. Will you look for a Turkish restaurant in that area instead? 
You have your choice of Meze bar, Anatolia, or Efes Restaurant.
Can I get the address of Anatolia?
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you very much for your help! 
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks so much.
Thank you for calling, goodbye.
Hello, I am looking to book a train that will be departing Cambridge after 13:15.
The first train leaves at 15:00 and they run every 51 minutes. 
I'd like to go to Birmingham New Street on Thursday and leave after 13:45. Do you have anything that would work for me?
I have a train that leaves Cambridge 14:01 arriving in Birmingham New Street at 16:44. Would that work?
That should work, what is the travel time on that?
That would be 163 minutes.
That works. I'm also looking for an attratiction that is college type. 
There are 18 different colleges in cambridge. Did you wish to go to a certain part of town?
No particular area, what's the first one on the list?
The first one is Christ's College. Would you like the address and phone number?
That would be great, thanks.
the Christ's College address is Saint Andrew's Street and their phone number is 01223334900. Can I help you with anything else?
No I'm all set. Thanks for the help!
Thank you, have a great day!
Thanks, you too!
Thank you for using our service. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant called the copper kettle.
I have found The Copper Kettle lcoated at 4 Kings Parade. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes I would like a table for 3 on tuesday at 15:15.
Booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different time of place?
Can you find me another place in the same area and price range?
I was able to book you at the oak bistro. Reference number K4QUY32N. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all thank you.
Okay enjoy your dinner.
I'm looking for a very nice place to dine. Something expensive.
We have many excellent and expensive restaurants. Is there a type of cuisine you'd prefer?
Not exactly. However I would like to have the phone number, address, and postal codes for the top 5 restaurants in the north. 
We have Saigon City, offering Asian Oriental cuisine. Phone: 01223356555 address: 169 High Street Chesterton, and postcode: cb41nl.
Great I also am looking for an attraction called club salsa.
I found the place you are looking for! Club Salsa is located at 1 station road. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes I also will need the entrance fee for Club Salsa, and what type of attraction is that?
Club Salsa is a nightclub, entrance fee is 5 pounds. Anything else I can assist you with?
Great, thank you!  I also need a taxi that can take me from the restaurant to the nightclub. I want to leave by 11:30.
Taxi has been booked, a white audi will be picking you up at the restaurant, contact number is 0735045835.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need, you've been a great help!
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Please call us back if you have any other questions!
Hello, I need a train to take me to Kings Lynn and I really need to arrive by 10:30. Can you help me?
Absolutely! Where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge on Thursday.
I have train TR1855 that will get you there at 9:58, would you like me to book a ticket?
No, but could you tell me the price?
that should cost you 9.80 pounds
Okay, thank you.  I would also like to get info on a  hotel called City Centre North B and B.
Its a relatively cheap guesthouse on the North side that offers internet and parking
Sounds good.  Can you book a room for 4 people for me.  For 5 nights starting Saturday.
I completed your booking Reference number is : Q4HJ6WRG. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for all your help!
Happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need to book a taxi to arrive by 06:45 to go to ADC Theatre.
Okay, what is your departure site?
I need to be picked up from Wagamama. 
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	black lexus Contact number	:	07069964497 
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. 
There are five restaurants in the expensive category in that area. Would you prefer Mexican, Italian, Chinese, or Indian?
I would prefer Mexican
Chiquito Restaurant Bar serves expensive Mexican food in the south part of town.  Would you like more info?
What is the address and phone number?
The address for the Mexican restaurant chiquito restaurant bar is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you goodbye. 
You're welcome. Good bye.
Can you help me find an expensive hotel in the south to stay at? Thanks.
Yes, there is The Lensfield Hotel. It is located on 53-57 Lensfield road. Their phone number is 01223355017. 
Do they have a guesthouse available?
No I am afraid there ae no expensive guesthouses in the south.
How about one in the moderate price range?
yes! i have two you may choose from!
Could you pick the better of the two and tell me the star rating?
The Ayesbray Lodge Guesthouse has a four star rating. Would you like me to book a room?
No, just get me their phone number and I'll give them a ring
The phone number for Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is 01223240089. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there a good restaurant on the north end of town?
Yes! There are quite a few. Do you have a preference for type of food?
An expensive chinese restaurant please located in the north
There are two, one is called Hakka and another is the Hotpot. Would you like a reservation at one of these restaurants?
Yes, can you provide me the address of Hakka?
It's Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy. Phone number is 01223568988. If you'll tell me how many people and when you'll be dining, I'll be happy to book it for you. 
I don't need a reservation right now, but I am looking for a train. I need to leave Wednesday after 15:45.
I have many options for you. Where are you going and from where are you departing? 
I am looking to leave on wednesday after 15:45 and should depart from cambridge and arrive at london kings cross.
The soonest after 15:45 is TR3843, departing Cambridge at 17:00 and arriving in London at Kings Cross at 17:51. Will that meet your needs?
Yes that would be fine. thank you
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all actually. Thank you for the assistance.
You are most welcome!
I'm looking for some lodging. Are there any 3-star accommodations where you don't have to pay for parking?
There are! What part of town would you like to stay in?
In the west please. Also, I'd like it to be expensive. 
There are no lodging in the expensive price range that is in the west side of town. Would you like somewhere else?
Yes, let's check the south please?
the lensfield hotel fits your description. can i book?
What is the hotel type, phone number and address?
It is a hotel located at 52-57 lensfield road and the phone number is 01223355017.
cool, i also need a train
Where are you travelling to and from and on what day and time please?
I am going to Cambridge from Stansted on Thursday and arriving by 15:30.
There is a 14:24 that would get you there are 14:52.  Does that sound good? 
Great what is the price and id of the train?
The train ID is TR2473 and the cost is 10.10 pounds.
That is all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town that is a boat.
I found the scudamores punting co and the cambridge punter. Which would you prefer?
I like the Cambridge Punter better. Can you give the phone number and postcode for them? Thanks
Gladly. The postcode is cb41as and their phone number is 07807718591
Thank you. I would also like a restaurant in the same area as Cambridge Punter.
Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a type of food you were looking for? 
I would like an Italian restaurant that is expensive. I would like to book the restaurant for two people at 11:45 on Monday. May I have the reference number also?
I have 5 restaurants available, 4 in the centre and one in the south.  What area would you prefer?
Like I told you before, I would also like a restaurant in the same area as Cambridge Punter. 
So, I have booked your restaurant for Caffe Uno on Monday for 2 people at 11:45. The reference number is 98HQG1YV 
Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. That's all I need. Bye!
Thanks for reaching out to our service!
Can you please tell me about cherry hinton water play?
Yes, it is a park located at Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. Phone is 01223446100.
Thank you. Can you please tell me the area of town this is in?
Yes it is on the east side. Anyhting else I may help you with today?
I also need some help finding a place to dine at, can you look that up for me?
Yes, could you tell me what type of food you would like and the part of town you prefer?
I want to eat in the south. 
I have 9 restaurants available.   What type of food would you like? 
I don't have a food preference. 
what about price range?
that should be moderate
I have pizza hut cherry hinton located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like reservations?
I would for two people please.
What day and time would you like to book the table?
Tuesday at... oh... 16:45.
Your table is reserved, ref #OXGR059E. Can I help you with anything else today?
i need to find a taxi to commute me between these two paces that arrives at the restaurant by my booked time.
You are all set! Be looking for a grey Audi. Anything else? 
What's the taxi's phone number?
Their contact number is 07076287361 should you need to contact them!
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
No thank you that will be all
I need an expensive place to stay that includes wifi.
I have found several options for you, sir. What part of town did you have in mind?
It doesn't really matter. I would like a guesthouse, though.
I could not find a guesthouse available in the expensive price range. Is there a different price range you would accept?
how about moderate price range?
I have 14 total moderate priced guesthouses. Do you have a preference of which area of town?
any place suits me
The Avalon is a moderate-price guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating and internet. Do you want me to book it?
book it for 3 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9ZW11UHM. 
Great, thanks for your help!
You're welcome.  Is there anything else that I may assist you with today?
No that was all for now. Thanks
Thank you for using our services.
I am coming to visit and will be in the centre area. I would like an attraction to visit.
sure, how about cambridge contemporary art?
Sounds interesting! What is the address?
Located at 6 trinity street	.
now I need a place to eat in the centre
We have many restaurants available. What type of food are you interested in?
I am really craving chinese if you have something in that area. 
Yes, ten chinese places are in that area.  Any preference on price range?
Yeah, I want an expensive place. 
There are 4. Could I recommend Tang Chinese. 
I will need a reservation for 4 at 17:30 on Monday.
Your table for 4 is reserved for Monday at 17:30. Your reference number is 1KLUAE2J.
That is all I need. Bye, thanks. 
Ok. Take care. Goodbye
I would like to contact the police.
The phone number for Parkside Police is 01223358966; I hope that everything is okay.
Thanks, what is the address?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge. Do you need anything else?
That is all that I need right now. Thank you for your help.
You're very welcome. 
Hi! I am looking for a turkish food restaurant around the centre.
There are 3 Turkish restaurants in the centre. Would you prefer expensive or moderate price range? 
Moderate price range would be fine. Could you pick the shortest name and tell me the address?
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you!  I am also looking for a 5 star hotel.  
There are no 5 star hotels, do you want to choose something else
Yes, can you find a place for me with free wifi in the moderate price range? 
What other star option would you like ?
How about a 4 star rating?
I don't have a 4 star in the moderate price range. Would you like me to look in a different price range?
You don't have any 4 stars in the moderate price range in any area?
No I'm sorry we don't have anything matching those criteria. 
There are literally no 4 star accommodations of any kind with moderate price and wifi in all of Cambridge? I find that very hard to believe! 
Sorry, you are right. We actually have 11 to choose from. 
I would like to book one starting Friday. 
I have begun a booking for you at Avalon. How many days will you be staying?
I will arrive Friday and be there for 2 nights.
And how many people will be staying?
It will be for 3 people and2 nights.
You are set, the reference number is YQBMMCJ6, any other questions?
No I think that is all, thank you.
I hope you enjoy your stay. Contact us anytime. Good bye.
I am looking for a train leaving from Norwich.
Sure. What time are you looking to leave?
I would like to leave after 09:45
Which day are you looking to travel?
I am looking to go to cambridge on tuesday
Okay, I have 14 trains on that route leaving hourly on the :16 from 10:16 to 23:16. TR0667 leaves at 10:16, arrives at 11:35, with a total duration of 79 minutes.
Ok, do you have one that leaves at 11:16?  Can you provide me with the train id for that one? 
Yes, a train leaves at 11:16 with the ID TR0839.
Thank you very much for your help! 
Glad I could be of assistance.
I was just the victim of a robbery and I need to contact the police please!
The Parkside Police Station is in Parkside, Cambridge.  Is this close to your location?
Yes it is, could you please give me their contact information?
Their phone number is 01223358966.
I also need their postcode and address.
Parkside Police Station Telephone	:	01223358966 Address	:	Parkside, Cambridge Postcode	:	CB11JG  there
Great, thanks. I'm all set for now.
Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for the Parkside Police Station
Parkside Police Station is located in Parkside, Cambridge, within the postcode of CB11JG. May I help with something else?
Yes, can you please provide their phone number and physical address?
The phone number is 01223358966. We have already given you the physical address..
Well, gee, so you have. Thank you so much for your help. Bad attitude or not. Bye now.
Have a nice day!
Hello, can you please help me find a train that leaves on sunday. I would also like the train to go to peterborough. 
Ok, I have 38 trains heading to Peterborough on Sunday. What time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 15:00. 
Sure, there are plenty of trains that you could take.  The first is at 15:34, then 16:06, and there are many more.  Is there a time that's best? 
The 15:34 sounds perfect. Could you book me tickets for 2?
I have booked 2 seats on TR4558.  The cost is 13.20 pounds.  Train leaves cambridge sunday at 16:06.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you, I also need to find a room. 
Is there a specific area you'd like me to search?
No, that doesn't matter, as long as it has free wifi. I would like it to be a 2 star hotel.
There are 3 matches for your preferences. I recommend Ashley Hotel. 
Okay, please book that for 2 people and 5 nights starting tuesday. I'll need a reference number.
Ok.  The booking was successful and your reference number is PFMOZLXC.
Thanks, that takes care of all my needs for today. Bye!
Great, it was a pleasure assisting you! Goodbye!
Hey, I have some time to kill and I was wondering if there were any multiple sports places in town?
The cherry hinton village centre, on the eastside, is the only one in town. Would you like more information?
Can you get me the hours for that one?
I do not have the hours but they can be reached at 01223576412, can I help with anything else?
I would like the postcode, phone number, and address
The cherry hinton village centre is located at colville road, cherry hinton, postcode cb19ej.  Their phone number is 01223576412. Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes.  May I please get a recommendation for a museum in the centre of town?
I would recommend the Regency Gallery. Do you need anything else?
ok, what is their phone number?
The phone number for Regency Gallery is 01223365454. Can I be of further assistance today?
Yes, I'll also need the postcode and address, please?
The museum's address is 39 fitzroy street cb11er. May I assist you further?
I also needs a train that leaves after 13:00 on friday. 
where are you going may I ask?
From Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.
Train TR4664 leaves at 21:29 and arrives at 22:07.
Isn't there a train that leaves closer to 13:00?
There is a train that leave at 13:29 on Friday. Do you want that instead?
I need a train leaving broxbourne on wednesday.  Can you book it for me?
Sure! What is your destination?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 11:45.
I have train TR1819 that leaves at 10:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:32. Would that work for you? 
yeah, what's the price of the tickets?
The price of the tickets is 17.90 pounds. Shall I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. I'm also looking for a hotel that's cheap and in the north. 
There are no cheap hotels in the north but there are 2 guesthouses. Will those work?
That sounds fine.
Which one would you be interested in? I recommend Worth House because it is 4 stars.
Actually, can you try a moderate price hotel in the north instead?  Sorry for the trouble.
We have 11 options that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by stars, internet, or parking?
Yeah, I don't need internet. Other than that, could you just recoomend one that has a reasonable number of stars?
How about the alpha-milton guest house?  It's in the north and moderately priced.
that will be fine. book it for me
How many people and for how many nights?
book it for 2 people and 5 nights starting from the same day.
I will book it for you now.
Thank you . I will also need the booking reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : XML9YIR2.
Great! Thank you that's all I needed!
I see the train was not booked. Would you like me to book it now?
Please do so, thank you. After that, I need a cheap hotel.
How many tickets in total would you like me to purchase for you on train TR1819?
I need it for 2 people.
Okay! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is  AMA9OE5J.
Okay. Thank you so much for help.
Okay. Thank you for calling.
Hello, I'm interested in booking a restaurant in cambridge!
What type of food do you want to eat?
I was hoping to eat Indian food that is moderately priced. 
Do you have an area of town you prefer?
Yes the north please.
We have The Nirala restaurant which serves Indian food and is located in the north.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. We'd like a table for 3 at 15:30 on Tuesday.
Sure. Your reference number is 536SV8LH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for the restaurant booking. Can you look for a guesthouse for me? I don't need free parking by the way.
What price range guesthouse would you like?
Moderate price range please.
Everyone loves the a and b guest house. Shall i book it for you ?
Sure, please book it for 3 people. We'll arrive tuesday and stay for 2 nights.
Reference number is : VQWNBZS2. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you
Thank you for using our services.
I'm going to Cambridge and I need a train that arrives by 16:00.
Where will you be departing from and what time will you be leaving?
I will be departing from stansted airport and I want to leave on thursday
OK, the TR3076 train arrives at 15:52. Would you like to book that one or consider other options?
Yeah, book that one.
How many tickets would you like me to book for you?
i want to book for six people. i also want a restaurant. The restaurant should serve northern european food and should be in the centre
I have made the train reservations your reference number is HHQDGA03.  
Thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves northern european food in the centre. 
I have several options what price range were you looking for?
How about northern european?
I'm sorry, I was mistaken. I do not have a Northern European restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay, how about italian food?
Yes I have 9 to choose from. What price range would you like?
Probably cheap would be best
There are several to choose from. There's Pizze Hut City Centre, Ask, and also Zizzi Cambridge. Does one of those sound good?
Can you pick one for me? 
Absolutely! I really enjoy Zizzi cambridge. Would you like me to make a reservation there for you?
Sure. Sounds good. I need to book it for the same group of people on the same day at 20:15. Can I please have the reference number as well?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : BE27DMZM.
Thanks for your help! That is all I needed today.
May I look anything else up for you?
That is all I need today good bye.
Thank you goodbye.
I need some information on a train going to cambridge.
Certainly. When would you like to depart?
Sometime after 12:15 on Saturday, please.
Where would you like to depart from? 
From Leicester. There will be 6 of us. And I'll need a reference number as well. 
TR0662 departs at 13:09 and arrives at 14:54 cost is 30.24 pounds per person, before I book you for 6, can I once more confirm this is ok?
that is right. also find me a please to stay.
We have 33 fine places to stay all over Cambridge. Is there a certain area or price range you had in mind?
Pricing should be somewhere in the mid range, and I would like free parking. Could I get the reference number for the train please?
VKJGWFNR is the referance number for the train. There are also several hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like me to recommend one?
yes but it should include free wifi
If you would like to stay in the east, I recommend the carolina bed and breakfast. It's on 138 perne road. Would you liek me to book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. It will be on the same day, same people, and 5 nights. 
great, ref # is 33TX20TD, anything else?
That is everything, thank you for your help.
It was my pleasure. Have a good evening. 
I want to find a place to go in the centre to enjoy some entertainment. Can you help?
There are many attraction types in the city centre, did you have one in mind?
Yes, I'm looking for something with the type of architecture.  Thanks!
I would recommend All Saint's Church as a great place to see interesting architecture.
Okay, could you give me the address and phone number?
Sure.  The address is Jesus Lane cb58bs.  The phone number is 01223452587.  Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Yes, I need a train from broxbourne to cambridge on Friday.
We have many trains leaving from broxbourne to cambridge on Friday. Is there a specific departure or arrival time that you would like?
Yes, I need to arrive by 12:15 please.
The TR2145 arrives at 10:32. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please, for 7 people.
I have made those reservations and your reference number is K80FAIY4.
thank you that will be all 
Have a great day
I'm looking for colleges to visit in the centre of town. 
There are 13 colleges in the centre.  King's College and Saint Catharine's College are on the same street and both have free admission.  
Can you provide the phone number and post code to the attraction?
King's College is cb21st and their number is 01223331100. Saint Catharine's is cb21rl and their number is 01223338300. 
What is the entrance fee?
Both are free. Is there anything else you'd like help with?
Yes, actually. I could use some help finding a train to take me from Cambridge heading to Bishops Stortford. 
What day and departure time do you prefer?
I want to leave on Saturday at any time after 21:15. 
How many ticket will you need?
I would just like to know the travel time of one or more of the trains. 
They are both 38 minute trips
Thanks. That's all the information I needed today. I appreciate your help.
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Good bye!
I am looking to stay at a 4 star rated place in the moderate price range.
What area would you like it to be in?
I don't have a preference for what area, I do however want free WiFi. I would also like to stay in a guesthouse.
Then may I suggest the a and b guest house?
yes can you book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from thursday ?
The guesthouse is located on the east side at 124 tenison road. I am trying to book it but the system must be busy. I'll try again in a minute.
Please try again
Booking was successful your ref number is 1R8GSLHI, anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find an Indian restaurant in the north please.
You have two options, The Nirala is moderately priced, royal price is cheap, any preference?
I want the cheap one. 
royal spice it is. Shall book it for you ?
On second thought, I'd like to go with Nirala? My friends want to try something a little more moderately priced. Can you give me the postcode, address and phone?
The address of the Nirala is 7 Milton Road Chesterton at the cb1uy postcode. Their number is 01223360966.
I also will need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and get me to the restaurant by 02:15.
I have booked  grey volkswagen with contact number 07588046247. Anything else I can be of help?
Thanks that will be all for today. Goodbye.
Goodbye, enjoy your stay
I am needing help with your train schedules. 
What is your planned itinerary? 
I will be departing from Birmingham New Street and arriving in Cambridge on Sunday at 18:45. 
What time do you want to leave by?
I would like to leave no later than 19:30.
There are no trains that match your criteria. Can you verify the time you want to leave?
I do not care what time it is leaving but check again for it arriving by 18:45.
The closest train i have leaves on sunday at 15:40 and arrives by 18:23. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes please, and then I need to find a restaurant.  
Your ticket is booked. Reference number YWNA32TE. What kind of restaurant are you looking for?
I would like a chinese place.
In what area of town?
The centre please!
charlie chan is very popular. Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you that will be all
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'd like to find a train from Leiceter on Saturday.
Where will you be heading?
I am going to cambridge and need to leave after 12:00
The TR7248 leaves at 12:09, would you like a ticket on that train?
I don't need to book just yet. But can I get the arrival time and price per ticket. 
Yes the train arrives in Cambridge at 13:54 and the total cost of the journey is 30.24 pounds.
Okay great. That is all I needed to know.
Glad to help.  Contact me again if you would like a booking.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
i'm looking for things to do in the west.
There are many options available in the west, what types of attractions interest you?
A museum perhaps?
I'd recommend the cafe jello gallery. Their phone number is 01223312112. Can I help you with anything else?
Sounds quite interesting. Can I get their address please?
Yes the address is  	cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af, admission is free so best price of all.
Thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay with 2 stars.
I have three hotels that meet that criteria, two moderately priced in the north, and one expensive in the east. Which do you prefer?
I'm looking specifically for a guesthouse, and one that has free parking. I'm renting a car to sightsee.
there are no guesthouses with free parking
Do any of them have parking?
arbury lodge guesthouse has parking, its a 4 star and in the moderate price range
No, I'd like a 2 star hotel instead.  Any recommendations?
I found three 2-star hotels with parking. Two of them have a moderate price range, while the other is expensive. Does this help narrow it down?
I'll take the expensive one. What's the name and can I get their phone number please?
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge and their number is 01223866800. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I assume they have internet, right?
Yes, they do have wifi available.
Yes, please and I would also like a taxi between the two locations.
How many people will be staying and how long will you be staying? 
I need to book a Taxi. I'll be leaving Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge by 1:00, and going to the cafe jello gallery. I'll need the contact number and car type
Done! You'll be picked up in a red Tesla, and the contact number is 07484344369. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for your time today.  It looks like I have all the information I needed.  Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
You are welcome. call me if you need anything else.
I need to find a train leaving on Thursday going to Cambridge.
Where would you like to leave from?
I will be leaving from leicester.  Also, I need something that will get there by 14:15.
TR8882 will arrive by 13:54, would that work for you?
Yes, that would be perfect. What is the travel time on that train?
That train is 105 minutes long.  Can I help you book that or find you more information on something else?
Thanks, yes please. I'm also looking for something to do in the city centre. Can you recommend anything?
Absolutely! What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't have anything in mind. It just needs to be in the centre. Can you suggest anything?
I'd like to recommend "Old Schools". It is in the category of architecture and the entrance is free.
Thank you so much for your help.
You're quite welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you.  That is all.
It was my pleasure. Feel free to contact us again if you need anything else.
Good Evening, I am looking for a place to stay that includes free parking
Okay, I have 29 options for you. Is there an area of town that you'd prefer to stay in?
I'm not sure. I would prefer something moderately priced.
That narrows it down a bit. The Acorn Guest House is a nice place, with 4 stars. It's in the north area of town.
Sounds good, I changed my mind about the internet, can you let me know if it has free wifi? 
The acorn guest house also has free internet.  Shall I book you a room?
May I just get the phone number please?
Absolutely! The phone number is 01223353888.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You have met all my needs for today. Thank you!
You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Goodbye.
Looking for a place to go to in the centre area, a type of college.
Excellent! There are 13 places that might work. How about Downing College on Regent Street? It has free entrance.
Sounds great! Can I have their postalcode and phone number please?
No problem. Their postal code is cb21dq and their phone number is 01223334860. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like to find a train that goes to broxbourne.
I can help you with that. Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge and will need to arrive by 10:30
I recommend TR2519 leaving at 09:01 and arriving at 10:01.  Would you like me to book that train for you?
Is that the schedule for Friday? That's when I need to travel. If so, please book 8 tickets for me?
You are booked on train TR2519 for 8 on Friday.  The total fee  is 143.19 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is LDDIXALA.
Thank you so much! Goodbye now!
You're very welcome!  Enjoy your travels!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I need a taxi to pick me up at Trinity college.
Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I need to leave after 24:00.
I can help you with that. where are you going?
I'm headed to saffron brasserie.
I have your taxi booked.
Can I get the car type and contact number please?
Certainly. You'll be picked up by a red Audi and the driver's number is 07990384611. Do you need help with anything else? A restaurant reservation perhaps?
No thank you, we have a restaurant recommendation already for today.
Have a wonderful day.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to cambridge.
Sure! Where are you departing from?
I am leaving Stevenage on Thursday and I want to arrive by 10:15. 
I have a train on Saturday that leaves Cambridge on Saturday at 07:54 and arrives at 08:43.
I need the train Thursday 
There is one leaving at 5:54,Yes I will book it for you and provide a reference number
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with a four star rating
Certainly, there are 18 options. Is there an area of town that you prefer? 
Yes in the north and it should be 4 stars and have free wifi please.
I found the acorn guest house! It has free wifi and parking, four star rating and is in a moderate price range! Would you like me to book it? 
Yes! I would like a booking please.
How many guests and how many nights would you like the reservation for?
On second thought, I am not quite ready to book yet. Could you send me their postcode, please?
The postcode is cb41da.
Thanks so much for your help!
Your welcome. Can I help you find anything else today?
That is all! Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for places to go in the city centre.
There are 44 possible options. What type of attraction are you interested in?
I don't mind what kind.
How about the Vue Cinema located at the grafton centre, east road?
Sure, what is the entrance fee? Also I need a train that departs from Stevenage on Thursday.
I can book a 05:54 for you. 
I need the train to leave after 15:45 please. Also do you have the entrance fee for the Vue Cinema?
Sorry, but I do not have the entrance fee for Vue Cinema in my database. I do have a train from stevanage at 15:54 for you, though. 
Great can you make that reservation on the train for 7 people and send me the reference number?  Can you also send me the phone number for the Cinema?
The train is booked reference number 3YY4QV9P, and the phone number of the Vue Cinema is 08712240240	
Thank you for your help.
You're very welcome, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help.
Have a great day then!
Hello, I am looking for a Korean restaurant in the centre. Could you help me with that?
I have one restaurant name little seoul in the expensive price range. would you like me to book it?
Are there any other choice? If not I would like to get a table on Wensday at 12 for 1 please.
I looked and this was the only restaurant serving korean food. I have booked you a table. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Ref# WH331DNY. Any thing else?
Are there any places to go in the same area as the restaurant?
There are dozens of places to go in city centre. What type of attraction are you interested in today?
I don't really mind, as long as it is near the restaurant. What looks good to you?
I would like to suggest all saints church located in the centre. Is that okay? 
Yes that is fine can you please provide the postcode?
The postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need a taxi to go between them and need it to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
I have booked a cab to take you to the restaurant when you leave All Saint's Church. The booked car type is a yellow volkswagen. The contact number is 07396045902.
Thanks so much, that's all I need today! 
My pleasure.  Have a great day.
Goodbye again, thanks for your help. 
It's no problem, contact us again any time.
Hello. I need help finding a train on Friday.
I can help you with that!  So that I can serve you better, can you tell me your departure and arrival locations?
I'm departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge on Friday. I'm working, so I have to wait until after 11:45 to leave.
I show train TR4748 departing friday from cambridge at 13:17.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also give me the price?
The price for that train is 23.60 pounds.
Thank you that will work fine for me and my husband
Wonderful! Thank you
Can you help me find a good hotel? I need one in the south.
I have found 1 hotel and 3 guesthouses in the South area that is available for you. Would you like for me to book one for you?
I need one with free wifi and parking, please. 
Okay, I found three guesthouses and one hotel. Would you prefer a certain type?
The hotel please, thanks.  
The Lensfield hotel is exactly what you are looking for. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Thanks!
What day would you like to book the hotel and how long will your stay be?
On second thought I just wanted to find a hotel in the south area. Thanks so much for your help!
There is only one hotel in that area but it is expensive, shall I book it for you?
I need a Monday train, after 13:30 leaving time please. 
I can help you with that. What day would you like to travel, what is your destination?
I would like to leave on monday and should leave after 13:30. I want it to go to london liverpoool street.
Ok Train TR1764 leaves at 13:59 would you like me to book that for you 
Book it for 2 people.
OK, got your booking. The total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station, and the reference number is: Q4MDUZUT. Anything else today?
Yes, I also need some lodging accommodations. I'd like to find a guesthouse that offers free parking, please.
There are 21 guesthouses in the city that offer free parking. Is there a certain price point or area of the city that you'd prefer?
I want a moderate price range in the north. 
That narrows it down to about 7 places. All of them are 4 stars except one. Might I suggest the Kirkwood House. They have great reviews.
Let's book that one then! Super excited! Same group of people, same day, 3 nights!
I was able to book at room at the Kirkwood House for you, Ref#Y7GS4CIZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I need today - thanks!
Excellent! Enjoy your visit!
I need to dine on british food in the west. 
What are you more interested in a moderately priced or an expensive restaurant?
I do not care.
Saint Johns Chop House is a moderately-priced British restaurant on the west side. Would you like to book a table there?
No, I don't need a reservation right now, just their phone number.
Their phone number is 01223353110. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need to see if there's a train from london liverpool street that arrives by 8:00 on Saturday.
TR7909 fits your description. can i book for you?
no, i am also looking for a train. The train should arrive by 08:00 and should go to cambridge. The train should depart from london liverpool street and should leave on saturday.
TR7397 arrives in Cambridge by 07:07 on Saturday, would you like to book a ticket?
No thank you, that's all I needed! Thanks!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the centre of town? 
There are a total of 15 different cheap restaurants located in the centre of town. Is there a particular type of food you are wanting?
Surprise me.  What food type can you recommend?
I have a great portuguese restaurant if you care to try it. It's called Nando's City Centre. Or if you prefer, I have anything from italian to spanish as well.
What's the post code for Nando City?
It is cb23ar.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks!
You're welcome, enjoy your meal!
I'd like to dine for expensive british cuisine.
Of course, let me help you with that. In which area of town would you like to eat?
Any area is fine. Can I have the postcode for your favorite one?
Sure! I recommend travellers rest. Their postcode is cb30df. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for right now, thanks for your help!
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Hello there, when I visit Cambridge, I'd love to go to a college. Are there any in the centre?
Yes, there are 5 in that area. I could recommend christ's college or corpus christi.
Corpus Christi is fine.  May I have the address and phone number?  What is the entrance fee?
Sure, the entrance fee is free. The phone number is 01223334900, and their address is Saint Andrew's street with the postcode of cb23bu. Is there anything else I can do?
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay. Can you recommend a 2 star hotel?
There is Ashley Hotel, Express by holiday inn cambridge, and lovell lodge. Which would you like to book?
I'm not looking to book just now, but are any of those a bit more moderately priced? I'm on a budget.
Ashley Hotel is in the moderate price range. Their address is 74 Chesterton Road and the number is 01223350059. Anything else I can assist you with, today?
Yes, sorry, I'm getting more information from my group just now. If the Ashley has wifi, can you please book a stay for 7 for 2 nights, starting Friday?
Yes, there is WI-fi, however, that hotel is not available for these days.  Can I book a different day or a shorter stay?
Yeah, try shortening the stay to one night only.
I was able to book you for friday. Your reference number is J4WC147. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed! Thank you
My pleasure.  Enjoy your visit to Cambridge!  Goodbye.
Hi! Can I get some info on a cheap place to eat?
There are 22 different places that server cheap food. Did you have a certain type of food you were interested in?
Do any of those places serve romanian food? I'm in the mood for polenta!
Unfortunately none serve Romanian food, do you have another food preference?
Do any of those places serve vietnamese food? 
I have located one restaurant serving Vietnamese food called thanh binh located on 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like to book a reservation?
What is the postcode?
The postcode is cb30af. Should I book it?
Maybe later. I need a train ticket to Peterborough on Thursday.
There are 38 trains leaving for Peterborough on Thursday. Is there a specific time you would like to arrive by?
I'd like to go from Cambridge to Peterborough and arrive by 13:15.
We have the TR8954 that arrives at 12:56. Does that work?
Yes. I just need to know the departure time, train ID, and the travel time.
departure time is 12:06, train id TR8954, and the travel time is 50 minutes.
I think that is everything, thanks for the help!
Happy to be of help. Enjoy the rest of your day!
There aren't any Polish restaurants in the centre, are there?
Sorry there is not. How about another choice of food ?
how about chinese?
We have many Chinese restaurants! What's your price range? 
I'm not fussy about price, pick one for me and give me the address please, I'm starving! 
Rice house is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like for me to book a reservation?
Just the address is all I needed for now. But could you also help me find a train?
Definitely! Can you give me some more specifics so I can help?
I am going to London kings cross.
And what is your arrival destination and time of travel?
Leaving Cambridge to  London kings cross and arrive by 19:45.
Ok, on what day will that be?
I need to leave on Tuesday.
TR0315 arrives at 13:51. is that fine with you?
what is its departure time?
It leaves Cambridge at 13:00. 
Time I leave does not matter I just need it to arrive by 19:45.
I have a train departing Cambridge at 17:00 and arriving at London Kings Cross at 17:51. I don't have a later arrival time on Tuesday, unfortunately. 
Alright. Could you please provide me with the train ID and the travel time?
That is TR0945. The train departs cambridge at 17:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross at 17:51. The travel time is 51 minutes. Can I book it for you?
No. thanks. I don't need to book it right now.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you. I have everything I need. Goodbye.
Great! Thank you for calling and have a great trip! Goodbye.
I am looking fot a hotel, Allenbell. 
Hotel Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane The telephone number is 01223210353. Would you like me to book the hotel?
Yes well I would like to book it for 3 nights staring from Wednesday for 4 people.
I'm sorry those times are not available. Is there another hotel you would like to try?
Yes please try another hotel in the same price range.
I booked a room at the Autumn House on Newmarket Road.  The reference number is D7HJJCU8.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Great. Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for this hotel called home from home, please.
it is a 4 star hotel moderately priced in the north. can i give you the address?
Actually, I'd like to book it for 6 people. Can you help with that?
Sure I just need to know how many nights you will be staying and when you plan on arriving.
I'll be staying for 5 nights, starting on Friday.
i have successfully booked Reference number is : NSG0CL48.
Wow, thanks.  We want to eat at a restaurant called the India House, can you help me with that too?
Sure, on what day and time do you need a reservation? and for how many people?
I need to get a table for 6 people at 16:00 on friday as well
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3UPPNP4H.
Thank you so much for your help.
You are welcome. Let me know if there is anything else you need. 
Hi there, I'd love to find a guesthouse with free parking. 
I have 21 guesthouses is there an area you are looking for or a price range you would like to be in?
Well I would like something with 3 stars. I don't care about the internet. 
bridge guest house	has good reviews if you'd like that
That sounds interesting. Do they happen to have free wifi?
They do! Would you like to reserve a room?
I really would like it to have a 3 star rating. If Bridge Guest House does, then yes, please make a reservation for 3 people arriving on Monday.
The Bridge Guest House is rated 3 stars, and has free wifi and parking. Before I can make a reservation, I need to know how many nights you will be staying.
Please make a reservation for 3 nights.
No problem.  Your reference number is VQLMM8NQ.  Anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I need the schedule of the the Train going to Ely on Tuesday.
What time do you need to leave?
My leave time is flexible. I just need to arrive by 14:30. 
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge.
Train TR3420 leaves at 13:50 and gets to Ely at 14:07, 17 minute trip.  Do you need tickets?
Yes, I do need tickets.
How many tickets do you need?
Well, I can do the booking myself. Can you help me find a hotel instead?
Absolutely! What area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
It doesn't matter as long as it is 3 stars. It doesn't need to include internet.
alpha-milton guest house is 3 stars and does not have internet. 
Could I please book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting from Saturday?
Your booking was successful and your reference number is WKLNVDKN
Great, that is all I need. Thank you for your help.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for some information.  I need to find a cheap place to stay.
We have ten places in the area with cheap pricing options, any other things to search for to narrow it down?
a star rating of 0
At 0 stars your choices are El Shaddai, or City Centre North B&B.
Well can you recommend the a hotel from these choices and then book me 2 nights for 4 people starting from Friday. I will need my booking reference number.
You are good to go, the reference number is F4WHX6KU, can I help with anything else?
Now I need to find a place to go visit, should be in the east part of the town
There are many places to visit on the east side.  Would you like a museum, a park, boating, or something else?
If you have any recommendations that would be great! I will need the entrance fee of whichever you choose.
Camboats is very fun, a boat attraction. Would you like more info on it?
What is their entrance fee?
Unfortunately, I do not have access to their entrance fee.  However, you can reach them at 01223902112 to inquire.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I need a taxi between the hotel and the Camboats. I want to leave the Camboats by 3:45. 
Ok. I booked a black toyota for you.  Your contact number is 07070847179.
Okay that will be all then. Thank you for your help.
Enjoy your taxi and day.
Thank you very much, I appreciate all the services you offer. 
You're welcome, have a great day!
Could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?
Yes, there are 15 places that are moderately priced guesthouses. Is there a certain area of town that you prefer? 
I'd prefer something in the center of town that has free wifi.
I apologize but we don't have anything that fits your criteria. Would you like to change the area or try a hotel?
Oh, that's a bummer. Ok, how about trying in the north?
Of course! I have 8 options: 7 of which have 4 stars and 1 has 3 stars. Would you like more information?
The stars don't matter. Please book one for 3 people for 5 nights, starting Sunday.
That booking was unsuccessful. Will any other length of stay or starting day be possible?
Let's try to start on Monday.
I'm sorry, but there's nothing available starting on Monday.
I actually would like it to be on Sunday for 2 nights.
I have reserved 2 nights for 3 people starting on Sunday at the Acorn Guest house which is in the north of the city, is moderately priced and has internet. Reference K0RIYU4Z.
Thank you for all your help. Good bye.
Goodbye. Have a great day!
Please locate me an italian restaurant in the Centre area.
There are 9 such restaurants. Do you want a specific price range?
It should be expensive.
There are four choices which match your requirements. Would you like to make a reservation at one of them?
No preference really, you pick. I'll need the address please.
Okay, how about Caffe Uno. It's located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. 
Great I also am looking for a hotel called Cityroomz
Cityroomz is a hotel in the centre of town in the moderate price range what information would you like about it?
Yes can I please have the address?
The address is sleeperz hotel, station road. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, That's all I need. Thank you.
Great! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
I need some help finding a place in Centre to eat, can you look it up for me?
There are a variety of restaurants to chose from.  Would you like Indian, Chinese, British, International fare or a Gastropub?
We would like to try a Portuguese place. Is there one available?
Oh you're in luck. I have one in the center called Nandos City Center. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. Please reserve for 2 people on Tuesday at 15:15.
That booking was successful and your reference number is JM0RL39I.
Thank you.  I would also like a train leaving on Saturday going to Kings Lynn. 
Okay, where are you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.
Well, I have great news. There are several trains leaving from Cambridge on Saturday. Would you like to book tickets for you and how many?
Yes please book 2 tickets.
Let's try and narrow this down some. What time do you want to depart or what time do you want to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 20:45
For how many people?
There will be 2 people.
Would train TR6633 arrving at 21:58 work?
Yes. I'd like to book that for two. Could I get the reference number please?
It has been booked. Your reference number is 1J07UJKY.
Thank for the help, goodbye!
Have a safe trip.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south of town
I have 2 chinese, indian, italian and mexican food. Did you have a preference?
Yes, I prefer italian. I really like pizza. 
There is one Italian restaurant in the south. It does have an expensive price range. Not sure if it serves pizza though. Would you like the phone number?
Well let's change that to Mexican and I need a reservation for 2 people at 16:30 on Sunday.
Okay, I have you booked at Chiquito Restaurant Bar then. Reference number is : 6OG10PUW.
Ok, thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, I'm also looking for a hotel called the allenbell. 
Sorry I dont have anything with that name.
are you sure? i was literally there 3 weeks ago...
The allenbell is not available.
why is it not? it is there please look again.
I have checked again. The hotel is listed as "Allenbell" instead of "The Allenbell." Would you like to book a stay there?
Yes, I need reservations for the same group of people on the same day as the previous reservation. We will be staying 4 nights.
How many people and on what day was your previous reservation? 
2 people on Monday is what I would like.
Ok.  I apologize for the confusion.  I booked the room for you and the reference number is DAQEE9BH.
Thank you, that is all that I need.
Thank you for the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking.
Do you want to stay in a specific area of town? And would you be fine staying at a guesthouse?
I would like to stay in the centre of town. A guest house is fine.
It looks like we don't have anything moderately priced in the center of town. Would you like to try a different area?
Yes, how about the north?
we have quite a few when are you planning your stay?
Great. can you recommend one and book it for 3 nights coming in on friday. There will be 2 in my party
I was able to book the acorn guesthouse for 3 nights for 2. Reference number is EAFYZ0VC. The address is 154 chesterton road, phone 01223353888. Will you need anything else today?
Yes. I want to go from Cambridge to Peterborough by train.
There are 266 trains matching your query. What day will you be traveling?
I will travel Saturday after 17:45
Okay, I see 12 options here. Would you like me to reserve tickets for you?
Yes, please book the tickets and I need the reference number.
How many tickets will you need on this trip?
I will need 2 tickets please.
Okay, I reserved your tickets. The ref. is R9SEDNSD
Can I get the train ID and departure time for the one you chose?
The train id is TR7918 and it departs at 18:06. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No thanks, that is all. 
Your welcome. Have a lovely trip and day!
I'm looking for place called club salsa.
That is a nightclub at 1 Station Road in the town centre.  What would you like to know?
I needed the address, so thanks for that!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I'm also looking for info on a restaurant called pipasha.
Pipasha is an expensive restaurant serving Indian food in the east part of town. Do you need more information?
Could you tell me what area Pipasha is in along with the post code?  
Pipasha is in the east. The full address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton postal code cb58pa. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm gonna need a taxi to get from the club to the restaurant.  Can you schedule that for me?
What time would you like to leave the club by taxi?
I would like to leave by 21:45 please.
I have a yellow Lexus picking you up at Club Salsa at 21:45. The contact number is 07451777629. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope. That will be all, thanks. 
If you have any further questions, please let us help! Good bye.
Hi! Could you please help me find a good hotel? I'd like it to be on the north end of town.
I have about 13 options that meet what you need. Is there a price range you prefer?
It would need to be moderately priced please.  
I have 11 places that fit that description, do you care about how many stars?
I would like for it to be 3 stars, please.
Okay, how about the alpha-milton guest house?
Can you book that for 5 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday?
I have successfully booked your hotel. The reference number is AVVXFL9M. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you also find the address for Club Salsa?
63 milton road is the address
I actually need the postcode and phone number for Club Salsa.
The postcode is cb12jb and the phone number is 07782218745.
Thanks. Can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the club? I want to leave by 5:45.
I booked a red volkswagen Contact number	:	07746032709  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Nope, that'll do it!  Thank you for all your help!
Okay anytime. Enjoy your visit.
Hi I'd like to book a taxi
Do you mean book a train?
I would like to book a table for 3 at The Lucky Star on Monday at 12:00.
This particular time is not available, do you have an alternative time or restaurant you'd like to try?
Could you try Monday at 11:00?
The booking was successful your reference number is R7NXAOR7
Great! I do need a train, too. I need to leave from Cambridge and arrive at my destination by 9:45.
There are many results leaving from Cambridge, where is your destination?
The train should go to london liverpool street
Alright, what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling Tuesday.
ok i have one train that will get you there by 9.27 would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
Yes please book for 3 people, I also need a reference number.
I have 3 tickets booked for you, the reference number is DRKY3X21.
Thank you so much for your help today.  I greatly appreciate it.
Okay, have a great day!
I'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge. Please list all times for that route.
There's a total of 70 trains. Is there a particular time of day you would like to travel?
I need to leave Wednesday and arrive after 11:15.
Thanks for that information. What time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave after 11:15. 
Unfortunately there are no trains meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look up another departure and arrival time?
no, i want that day and time please
The TR0516 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Wednesday. Will that work for you?
Well, I need to know the arrival time first.
Arrival time is 12:07 does that work for you?
Yeah, that works. Can you recommend a 0 star hotel for me?
Yes I have two guesthouses and 1 hotel in that category do you have a preferred area?
I'd like it to be in the centre please. 
In the town centre there is one guesthouse and one hotel with 0 stars. Would you like the hotel or the guesthouse?
it doesn't really matter. Moderately priced located in the centre. I need phone number, hotel type and if they have free parking or not
i suggest cityroomz. its a hotel in the moderate price range. their phone number is 01223327978
Does it have free parking?
Yes, they do have free parking at this hotel. 
Great, thank you. That is all that I need.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in Cambridge that serves Tuscan food.
Unfortunately, I do not have anything that matches your request. Would you like me to check a different type of restaurant or price range? 
Is there anything Tuscan in the centre of town? 
No Tuscan food in town, shall I try another type for you?
How about mediterranean food?
May I suggest la mimosa? Wonderful mediterranean, took my mother there for her birthday and it was exquisite! 
Can I have the postcode, address, and phone number, please?
The postcode is cb58aq, the address is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton, and the phone number is 01223362525.
Thanks for the restaurant, I also need to take train departing from Leicester that will arrive by 15:15.
Just to confirm, was that a train into Cambridge? What day will you be traveling?
I want to leave on wednesday.
Train TR8292 arrives in Cambridge at 14:54, would you like for me to book it for you?
I am still thinking about it.
Take your time. Just for your information, the total cost would  be 37.80 pounds payable at the station. There are also other options available.
I don't think I will book just yet but can you give me the travel time for TR8392 please?
The duration of travel is 105  minutes. Do you need anything else?
That is all for now.  If I change my mind in booking, I will call you back. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
You as well. 
Thank you for using our service good bye
Find me places to go in town. I want to go to museum type attractions.
I have 11 museum type locations in the city centre, would you care to see a listing?
Can you give me the phone number to the closest one to my location?
Yes the phone number is 01223314960.
I also need a train to Cambridge departing from Kings Lynn
What day are you leaving? 
I am wanting to leave on Sunday after 18:30.
I have the TR1526 leaving at 09:11. How many ticket please?
Oh, I'm not gonna book right now. Do you know how long the trip will take?
that trip will take 47 minutes. anything else today?
No thank you
If that's all, then I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge! Have a great day.
I would like info about the Cityroomz hotel please
It is a hotel in the centre of town in the moderate price range located at sleeperz hotel, station road.
Thanks, how many stars is it rated?
It had a star rating of 0. 
I'm also interested in places to go. What kind of entertainment is there in the south?
There are a couple of parks, a cinema, museum, nightclub, and a theatre. Are you interested in any info about any of these?
Any of them would be fine, how about a cinema? Can you let me know the entrance fee, postcode and phone number for one?
Cineworld Cinema is located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way cb17dy.  The phone number is 00872208000.  There is no admission fee currently, so you may want to call.
Great, thank you for your help.
Can I help you with anything else?
No, I'm fine now. Thanks again.
Thank you for using this service today.
I am looking for a restaurant called Efes Restaurant.
Efes restaurant is in town centre, serving turkish food and is moderately priced.  The address for it is King Street City Centre. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes please, just for 1 on Sunday at 18:45.  I will need a reference number as well.
Great! I booked you in at 18:45 on a Sunday. Your reference number is RZD2U6C2.
Thanks. I'd also like suggestions on attractions in town under the college category.
We have many colleges, some with an entrance free and some without. Do you have a preferred location or cost concern?
I will take one that you recommend.  I will need the postcode and address.
How about churchill college? Address is storey's way, postcode cb30ds. Anything else I can do for you?
What's the address for Churchill College?
The address is saint andrew's street.
Can I get the postcode as well for it?
The postcode is cb30ds.
Wonderful. Thank you so much for this! Have a great day.
And a great day to you as well!
i need a guest house which has free parking
What part of town do you want to stay in?
No specific area. I would like it to have free wifi and 4 stars. 
I have 16 entries that are a match. What area would you like the hotel in?
I am not particular as long as it has a 2 star rating, free wifi and is a guesthouse.
I'm sorry, can you just clarify whether you prefer 2 or 4 stars?  
Sure, I need a 4 star guesthouse with wifi and parking. The area doesn't matter.
how about the archway, its moderately prices and has free wifi and parking?
That sounds good. I'd like to book a room for 2 people starting on Saturday and lasting 5 nights.
Alright, you're all booked. Your reference number is JAKFVTLQ. Can I help with anything else today?
I'm looking for info on soul tree nightclub.
It's located in the centre. Here's the phone number 01223477900. The address is 1-6 corn exchange street
Can you tell me what type of attraction this is and the entrance fee?
Sure. Soul Tree Nightclub is a nightclub attraction. The entrance fee is 4 pounds.
Thank you so much for your help. That was all I needed. 
You're welcome!  Have a great day!
Hello, I am planning a trip for next month.  Can you suggest some places to go in town?
Do you have any specific attractions in mind? 
I am interested in boat attractions in the centre. 
There are a lot of options in that area. Would you prefer something free to visit?
I don't have a preference.
there is scudamores punting co	or the cambridge punter	
Can you select one? I also need the entrance fee, if there is one.
I prefer the Cambridge Punter, but I don't have the fee information for any boat attractions. Their number is 07807718591 - I'm sure you could call and find out.
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the same area as the Cambridge Punter.
Is price important to you?
Nope, I'm open on price. It doesn't need to have internet. 
Okay, how about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
That sounds great, can you book it for me for 3 people? Checking in monday and will be staying 4 nights. 
Okay, you're all set! Your room has been reserved and your confirmation number is 4X57GWOC. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
I also need to book a taxi when I got from the hotel to Cambridge Punter. I'd like to leave the hotel by 01:00.
Okay. We have you booked. The car type will be a black BMW. The contact number is 07167383694. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thanks you have been very helpful to me
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
Do you have information about nightclubs?
I have details for several nightclubs, which area were you looking at? 
I am looking for any one you'd recommend, I just need the address, entrance fee, and postcode.
Alright. How about Kambar. It is located at 1 Wheeler Street and the postcode is cb23qb. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is that all you need help with today?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
No problem.  Happy to help!
I have to get to the gandhi by 09:15. Can you help me?
I would be happy to help with your request, where will you be departing from?
I'm departing from Golden Wok.
I've booked you a blue lexus, the contact number is 07462575401.
Wonderful, thank you so much.
Is there anything else i can help you with today?
I accually should depart from thanh binh.
 Booking completed! Booked car type	:	blue lexus Contact number	:	07462575401 
Great, thanks for your help.
Do you need any help with anything else?
No, thank you again fro accomodating me.  Have a great day.
Thank you for using our services.
I need a train to Broxbourne, leaving after 09:15
There are 98 trains, do you have a departure location and day?
I would like to depart from cambridge on friday
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7E3M8V02. Is there anything else I can help with?
What time will I arrive?
The booked for 1 person TR0826 leaves at 10:01 and arrives by 11:01.
How long is the train ride?
It will be 60 minutes.
Thank you! That's all I needed.
All right, then.  Have a nice trip, and a nice day.  Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in the west of town. 
I have all price ranges and some guesthouses. Any preferences?
Yes, I would like a moderate price range with a 3 star rating.  It doesn't need free internet.
my records shows nome. can  we change location?
Can you recheck the same area that has free wifi?
Sorry I missed it before, I did find a moderately priced guesthouse in the west with Internet. The Hobson house. Shall I make a reservation?
yes, if it has a three star rating
It is. On what day will you be checking in, for how many nights, and how many people?
It will be for 6 people for 5 nights starting from Thursday.Can you get me the reference number?
I have your booking for the Hobsons House. Your reference number is A4UULB11. What else can I do for you today?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the guesthouse, one that serves corsica food.
there is no place they serve corsica food. can you change the cuisine?
Yes!, Please find a reservation of a restaurant that serves Turkish food.
I have anatolia turkish located in the centre. It is moderately priced would you like to make reservations?
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at 17:30 on the same day.
I can go ahead and book that for you now.
Yes please, can i have the reference number?
I will get that for you now.
Did you book me  at Anatolia Turkish? I need to book for 6 on Thursday at 17:30.
You are booked at the Anatolia. Your reference number is IS9T6H2A. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I help with something else?
Great Thanks for all your help.
Have a nice day.
I need a place with rated 4 stars in the east.  Can you help me find one that like a guesthouse?
I have found the allenbell guesthouse. It meets all of your criteria, is in the cheap price range, and provides internet and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please. I need it booked for 1 person for 2 nights starting tuesday. Can i get a reference number?
The reference number for your booking is KEBFTR7I. Can I do anything else for you?
Thank you, that is it for today.  Goodbye.
Okay, great. Have a safe trip. Goodbye.
i want to find a hospital in town
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Thank you goodbye.
You are welcome, have a nice day.
I am looking for Golden House restaurant.
Golden house serves cheap Chinese food in the centre of town.
Great. Would you book a table for 1 on Sunday at 12:00, please?
I am sorry but the Golden House was not available on Sunday at 12:00. Can I find another restaurant for you perhaps?
Sure, can you find me something close-by that has comparable prices? And can I get the reference number please?
I was able to get you in at Charlie Chan, another inexpensive Chinese restaurant in the centre. Reference number P4K1B3X6. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all! Thanks.
Enjoy your meal and do not hesitate to call back if you need further assistance.
Hi, I would like to book a hotel in the north side of the city. Do you have any recommendations?
There are two hotels in the north. Both are in the moderate price range with Wi-Fi and parking. The ashley hotel is very popular. Should I book it?
I need free parking, and like a guesthouse over any other type. 
If you like guesthouses there are a lot more options for you. I could recommend Archway House, they're moderately priced but rated four stars. Does that sound good?
Yes, it does. Could you see if you could book a party of 8 for 5 nights beginning Thursday?
I was able to book it, reference number is MFIGB1D2.
Thank you very much, I would also like help with a train booking going to Leicester. 
I will be more than happy to help you. Are you leaving from cambridge and what time and day will you be going?
Yes it should and I would like to arrive by 18:00
What day would you like to travel on?
I would like to travel on Tuesday.
the TR7007 leaves cambridge to leicester on tuesday leaving at 05:21
That sounds like it would work. Can you tell me the cost of the ticket? 
TR7007 costs 37.80 pounds. Would you like to book that train?
No thank you. That's all the information I need to enjoy my trip to Cambridge!
Should you need anymore help, please reach back out to us. 
Thank you, I will.  Have a nice day.
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye. 
I am looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 16:30.
I am showing 791 entries that will fit your criteria . Is their a specific day or departure location you would like ?
Yes, I need to leave Norwich on Friday.
Is there a arrive or leave by time you prefer?
I am going to cambridge on friday, leaving from norwich and I need to book 5 tickets. And can you please give me the reference number?
I have 10 trains that will have you arriving by 16:30.  Do you have a specific departure time?
I just need to arrive by 16:30 find a time close to that and help me get 5 tickets please.
I have booked you on the TR4828 departing Norwich from Cambridge at 14:16 and arriving by 15:35, the total is 88GBP and your reference number is HXYMACBP.  
I also need help looking up a restaurant called hk fusion.
It is a chinese food in the centre. It is expensive and located at 21 Burleigh Street City Centre.
Could you book a table for me there please?  5 people on Friday at 20:00. 
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is YB8DRR8X. What else may assist you with?
Thank you! I think that's all I need for now. 
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for a hotel called Avalon, can you help? 
Certainly! The Avalon is a 4 star guesthouse in the northend. It offers free wifi. Would you like the phone number or address?
I would actually like to book rooms for 8 people. Can I do that?
Absolutely! What day do you want to book it for, and for how many days?
This Tuesday, for 5 days.
I am sorry Booking was unsuccessful for that time, can I help you find another place to stay?
I guess, can you find me another hotel similar to the Avalon?
There are lots of other guesthouses that are similar, what price would you like to pay?
I would like to stay in the same price range as the Avalon
Would you like me to book acorn guest house?
I would like to find a restaurant in the expensive range that serves British food.  It should be in the west location.
There are two British restaurants in the west area that are expensive; they are Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Would you like to book a table at one of these?
Can I get the price range for these?
They are in the expensive range for them.
Can I get the postcode and phone number for them? 
For graffiti the number is 01223277977 and post code is cb30lx. For travellers rest, 01223276182, cb30df.
Thanks. I also looking for a train that departs from birmingham new street and should arrive by 21:45.
Thank you. To confirm, you are heading to Cambridge, and on what day? Do you have a specific departure in mind? 
I would like to leave on Saturday from Birmingham New Street.
Great, did you have a departure time in mind? You could leave Birmingham as early as 5:40 or as late as 18:40.
I don't have a departure time in mind but I would like to arrive by 21:45. 
For how many people will you need to purchase tickets?
4 people please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 240.32 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 1KC4DQXL.
Thank you, that will be all I think. Goodbye
Great! Have a wonderful day!
I would like to book a taxi that should leave at 12:45 and depart from the Museum of Classical Archaeology.
I can do that for you.  Where would you like to be taken?
I'd like to be taken to the Kirkwood House.
Ok, you're taxi is booked.  A Grey Skoda will be picking you up at 12:45.  The contact number is 07655027973.  Can I help you with anything else today? 
No that is all thank you good day.
Thank you for using our system!
Can you help me get a room at the arbury lodge guesthouse?
Definitely! Can you let me know how many people are in your party, what night you're arriving, and how many nights you're staying?
First, I have a couple of questions. Do you have internet and free parking? Also, what is the address of the hotel?
The address of the hotel is 82 Arbury road and they have both free parking and internet access.
That all I need on the hotel, can you also give me information on the mumford theatre?
The phone number is 08451962320.
Can I get the  postcode and area please?
Yes this is theatre in the centre,  its located at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road with a postcode of cb11pt.  Do you need anything else?
No that is all thank you so much
THat is all I need today thank you for contacting us.
Thank you for helping me. I'm all done for today. 
Have a good visit.
I'm looking for somewhere to stay in North Cambridge. I would like it to be a guesthouse
There's eleven different entries for those criteria. Is there anything else you require, such has internet or parking? How about a price range?
I would like a hotel with 4 stars.
Alright. There are 8 different guesthouses that are 4 stars. May I recommend the Acorn Guest House? It is moderately priced and provide free wifi and parking.
That sounds great. Can you reserve rooms for six people? We'll arrive on Thursday and stay for three nights.
That booking was unsuccessful. Can we try another day or a shorter stay?
Ok, well lets try if for just one night then.
The booking was successful.Your reference number is MR08P2NJ. Can I help you with anything else today?
im also looking for a cool sporty place to go in the centre of town, any recommendations?
How about the fez club? It's a nightclub at cb23hx, 8 market passage.
Is there an entrance fee to the fez club?
Yes, there is. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I provide any other information for you? 
Yes, what is the post code of the fez club?
It's cb23hx. May I help with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
Thanks, you're welcome, goodbye.
Yes I am looking for a hotel on the North side of town. I am not needing parking.
There are two guesthouses meeting your requirements. Would you prefer the 3 or 4 star one?
I need it to be moderately priced with a 2 star rating. Are either one of them fit this description?
Both hotels are moderately priced, but there are no 2 star ratings. Do you want to try a different rating?
Are there any with 2 stars that offer free parking?
Yes, there are two guesthouses available with free parking, one with internet and one without.  Do you have a preference?
I would like one without the internet.
I'm sorry, there has been a mix up. There are two 2 star hotels available, the Ashley and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels and have internet and free parking.
Let's go with Ashley. Book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting from saturday.
Ok, I have booked your reservation at the Ashley hotel for 8 people 3 nights starting Saturday, Your confirmation number is P94ETSL1.
I'm looking to go someplace in town. Maybe for entertainment. Do you have any recommendations?
We have serveal entertainment attractions. Would you like to try the funky fun house?
That sounds funky. Sure.
The number there is 01223304705 and it's on 8 Mercer's Row.  Anything else?
What's the entrance fee?
I have no information in my system about their entrance fee.  You are welcome to call them and see if they can provide you with that detail.
I will need a taxi to take me from the Funky Fun house to my hotel.
I would be happy to help you get a taxi, what time would you like to leave funky fun house?
I want to leave by 01:30.
I was able to book a taxi for you from Funky Fun House to Ashley Hotel. It is a white BMW and the contact number is 07616230310.
okay, that should be all! thank you so much for your assistance!
It was my pleasure to assist you. Call us again anytime. Have a good day. 
I would like to visit an attraction the has multiple sports.
I found one for you. It's The Cherry Hinton Village Centre on Colville Road. Do you need any additional information?
What is the entrance fee?
I don't have that information, but you can call them at 01223576412 to get more information.
I also would like to find  Turkish restaurant in the center of town.
I have three turkish restaurants in the centre.  Two are moderate price and one is expensive.  
I don't care about the price range. Will you please book me a table for 3 people at 17:15 on Wednesday at one of the restaurants?
I have booked you a table for 3 at the meze bar restaurant on Wednesday at 17:15.  The reference number is X6AY26U1, can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that is all.
Thank you for using our services. Have all of your needs been met today?
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!
You are very welcome. Please contact us again if you need further assistance.
I need a Hotel to stay in Cambridge that has free parking but may not have free wifi.
Is there a certain area or price range you would like.
I would like it to be a cheap hotel please.
There are 33 total entries would you like a certain area?
How about one with free wifi?
the cambridge belfry is a Hotel that offers both.
Can you tell the the area, postcode, and phone number for it?
The Cambridge Belfry is located in the west. The phone number is 0195414600 and it is located at the cb236bw postcode.
Perfect, thanks. Can you recommend a restaurant in the west that offers indian food?
There are a few. Do you have a price preference?
a cheap place, please
There is no place fitting that description. 
could you find any restaurant that serves indian food
Meghna is a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the west.
Could I get their phone number?
The phone number is 01223727410. Would you like to make a reservation?
no thanks, that is all I need. Thanks so much!
You're welcome.  Have  a nice day.
I'm looking for a train going to cambridge.
Ok.  I can help you find a train. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Brookshite.
Brookshite? Can you please repeat that?
Sorry about that, i'm leaving from norwich.
ive boked that for you trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book (optional) TR9900	norwich	cambridge	friday	05:16	06:35	17.60 pounds	79 minutes	
Yes please book that and I need the reference number.
You're all set! The reference number is 44LHUSZT.
Thank you for your help
You are more than welcome! 
Is there a train from london liverpool street that arrives by 17:15?
Yes, I have several trains that can get you there by 17:15. What day are you traveling?
I'm coming to Cambridge on Thursday. 
There are seven trains available that day. What time would you like to leave by?
Any train is fine. I'll need it booked for three people. 
I've booked you for 3 on TR3257, leaving liverpool street at 13:39 and arriving cambridge at 15:07, with reference #YR897WTP. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'm also looking for a place called cineworld cinema
Okay it's located in the south and the address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. 
Thank you, goodbye! 
Good bye, enjoy the rest of your day.
north part of town restaurant please
What type of food would you like?
Chinese
Do you have a certain price range you would like?
I don't care.
There are several chinese restaurants.  Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and I need one of their names please.
Hakka is a chinese restaurant in the north part of town.
Sound perfect! What is their phone number?
Hakka's phone number is 01223 568988. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I have a taste for British food tonight, can you find me a place to eat?
There are 11 restaurants that serve british food, do you have a price range?
No I do not have a price range but it does need to be located in the centre. 
I have found seven restaurants available in the moderate to expensive price range. Is there a street you would like to be near?
No, which one is your favorite?
When it comes to British food, my absolute favorite is Restaurant One Seven. It is moderately priced. Would you like more info about them? 
I would like to try your recommendation. Would you book for Thursday, at 11:00 for 6 people?
I was not able to book you there, anything else that I can look up for you?
Are you able to book 10:00 instead? 
Yes. Your reference number is 56MJKUW1.
I am also looking for a theater in the same area. 
I would suggest the ADC Theatre.  It is in the centre area. 
That sound good. Could I have their postcode and address please?
The postcode for Restaurant One Seven is cb21ab, and the address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. Do you require further assistance?
No thanks, that is everything.  
Glad to have helped, have a great day. 
I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive in the north. 
There are many to choose from. What type of cuisine would you prefer? Chinese, French, European, Oriental?
I think I'll try Chinese.
There are two listings of chinese cuisine in the north area that are of a expensive price range.  There is hakka and the hotpot. 
Hakka sounds interesting. Can you book a table for 3 at 16:30 on Sunday please?
There are no tables available at that time.  Would you like to try a different time or day?
How about an hour earlier?
Yes, the table was available for 15:30.  The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RRKZOI5C.
Can you find me an attraction in the same area, too? 
There are four attractions in the north, are you interested in a park, boating or a swimming pool?
Any is fine. Could I get the postcode once you've found one? 
The Riverboat Georgina's postcode is cb43ax.
Could you also get me a taxi to go between the two places, I'd like to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
Booking completed. Your contact number is 07550175887 and the car type is a grey lexus. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that is everything that I need.
Okay great, have a good day.
I'd like a train from Leicester to Cambridge, please!
On what day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on monday and need to arrive by 14:15
Train TR5054 leaves Leicester and arrives in Cambridge at 13:54. Would you like to book this train?
Sounds great. Can you please book it for 2 people?
Of course. Your total will be 75.59 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is PCJMQZXO. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That's all.
All right, have a great trip!
I need a train going to cambridge after 10:15 please.
What is your departure station please?
I am departing from Ely.
great, and on what day will you be traveling?
I will leave Thursday. 
okay, the TR0813 leaves at 11:35 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.  I need tickets for seven people.
Perfect, the train for 7 people is booked. The reference number is X5NYAW3W. Is there anything else I can help with?
Are there any modern european restaurants in the centre area?
Yes, there is the riverside brasserie, would you like to find out more about this restaurant?
Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for the same group of people at 15:15 on the same day.
You are booked for riverside brasserie. Your reference number is K7R76S78. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there something else I can help with?
No that's great thank you. 
you are welcome anytime
I need an east restaurant. I want to try some Canapes food.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving canapes food in the east part of town.
Then could you recommend a Chinese restaurant? 
Yu Garden is a Chinese restaurant in the east part of town.
address, phone number, and postcode, please
Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their number is 01223 248882. Also, their postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, goodbye.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
enjoy your meal.
Can you direct me to a Catalan restaurant that is moderately priced please?
Unfortunately, I do not happen to have anything serving catalan food that is moderately priced. Would you like me to check a different cuisine type or price range? 
yes how about a moderate mexican restaurant?
Sorry, but there are no mexican restaurants in the price range either. Would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
Italian would work just as good. 
Italian is a wonderful choice. There is a pizza express in centre, would you like to make a reservation?
No, but could you give me the phone number for Pizza Express?
The phone number is 01223324033.
I am also looking for a train going to Bishops Stortford that leaves after 15:30.
What day would you be traveling on? 
I need it for Friday an I'm departing from Cambridge
Okay I have a 17:30 that arrives at 18:07. would you like me to book that for you?
I'm not sure if I want to book yet or not, can you confirm the travel time for that one?
Of course. TR1567 leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07.
Thanks that's all I need have a good day. 
Okay great, have a good day!
I'm so bored! Can you find me something to do in the centre of town?
If you are into contemporary art, Cambridge Contemporary Art is a great place to relieve boredom. The address is 6 Trinity Street. Best of all, there isn't any entrance fee. 
Thank you that sounds great.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, actually. Can I ask for help finding a train for Monday going to Cambridge?
Where would you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from King's Lynn and I need to get to Cambridge by 8:45.
The best option that will get you to Cambridge by 8:45 is probably train ID TR8950.  It arrives in Cambridge at 7:58.
Perfect, can I book that train for 2 people?  Once booked, can you send me the reference number please?
I sure can! Your two train tickets have been booked and the reference number is XW5PQW8M. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for today.  Thanks so much for your help! Goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a great time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for Scandinavian food in any area.
I am not able to locate a Scandinavian restaurant; do you have a second choice?
Yes, could you look for a Vietnamese restaurant?
Thanh Binh is a Vietnamese restaurant in the west of town, and is in the cheap price range.
That will work. I would like the address and phone number to the Thanh Binh restaurant please.
Their phone number is 01223 362456. How else may I assist you?
I need the address too please.
The address for Tanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Is ther anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome. Good bye.
I need a train from kings lynn, please.
What day and what time?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by 15:15. 
I found 10 trains that match. How about TR2788 that leaves at 05:11?
that sounds fine. book for 8 people and get me the reference number
I booked the train. Your reference is 8FYR7N4L and it was 78.4 total.
Great! Can you also recommend something interesting to do while I am in town?
Little saint mary's church	has some great architecture you could check out
Is that in the Centre? If so, could I get the postcode, and how much the entrance fee is?
Sure thing! their postcode is cb58bs and there is no entrance fees to get in
Great, that's all I needed!
Wonderful! Have a great day!
I want a train leaving on thursday. 
I show 404 rail departures on Thursday, can I get something specific for you?
I'm going from cambridge to broxbourne any time after 09:15.
TR6806 will leave at 10:01 and arrive at 11:01. The trip will take 60 minutes and it will cost 17.90 pounds. Would you like to book?
Yes. Book for 4 people.
Ok.  I booked four tickets for you.  Your reference number is FRSZ5A8R.  Can I help you with something else?
Im also looking for a place by the name of milton county park.
What information are you looking for?
I would like the phone number and postcode for it please.
The phone number is 01223420060 and the post code is cb46az.
Thank you! That's all I needed, thanks so much.
Sounds great, before i let you go, I just want to make sure we have covered everything that you need.
yes you did
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hello, I'd like some information about colleges in the area that are interesting to visit
Which area do you prefer?
I don't care, do you have any suggestions?
I suggest Christ's College in the center area. Entrance is free.  The address is Saint Andrew's Street, the phone is 01223334900.  Would you like the postcode?
Thanks. I also need  train going to cambridge on tuesday.
Where would you like to depart from?
I need to leave from Leicester, and the train should arrive by 10:45 please.
Ok, there are 4 trains that meet that criteria, what time would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I depart, please book me one that is closest to the 10:45 arrival in cambridge. I just need one ticket. 
Certainly, I have booked TR4734 arriving at 09:54 your reference number is  VZ5HHW3E. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all, thank you. Have a great day.
You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I need a place to stay that includes free wifi and parking.
The acorn guest house has free wifi and parking. It is cheap and has 4 star rating. The address is 56 saint barnabas road.
I need a 3 star rated hotel
Bridge Guest House is rated 3 stars. Would you like a reservation?
book it for 6 people and 4 nights starting from monday
Yes I was able to reserve this for you and your reference number is 2I3Y6MMY.
Thank you very much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train on wednesday which will go to liverpool street in london.
There are several that day. What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I need to arrive by 18:30 and need to depart from Cambridge. 
How many people will that train be for?
Just for myself. Give me the travel tiem and the train ID please. 
TR5285 arrives at london liverpool street at 15:27 with a total travel time of 88 minutes.
That will be all thank you for your help. 
No thank you that will be all     
Yes, hello. I need a train departing from cambridge and should go to stansted airport.
Sure thing, what day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Sunday
TR5529 leaves at 5:40 and arrives at 6:08, will this work for you?
Yes, I need a booking for 7 people and the reference number.
The total is 56.56 GBP and can be paid at the station. the reference number is Y1MGNCV3
Do you have information about the Warkworth House?
Yes I do! The Warkworth House is a 4 star guesthouse that is located in the east section of town. Would you like for me to book you a room?
No, but can you give me that phone number please?
Most definitely. The Warkworth House's phone number is 01223363682. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need to find an expensive place to eat serving Indian food.
There are over a dozen expensive Indian restaurants in the city. Do you have an area of town in mind?
Actually, can you suggest one of them. I'm willing to try something new. I want to reserve a table at the one you recommend. 
How about the Curry Garden? How many people for your reservation?
There will be 8 people at 15:00 on sunday.
Unfortunately there are no tables available for 15:00. Would you be willing to try a different time? 
Is 14:00 available? I also want to take a taxi to get there. Can you give me a car type and their number?
Yes, I booked you a table for 14:00. Your reference number is VQ46RAE2. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from the Warkworth House to the Curry Garden for my reservation.
Booking was successful.   Booking completed! Booked car type	:	grey honda Contact number	:	07025426721    Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you. That was all I needed. 
Have a good day. Good bye.
can you tell me if there is a moderately priced restaurant serving spanish food anywhere in town? 
La Tasca serves Spanish food and is located in the town centre and is in the moderate price range.   
What is the address, phone number, and area?
Their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street in the Centre area. Their phone number is 01223 464630. Can I help with anything else?
No that is it, Thank you
Thank you for choosing our system. Goodbye  
Thanks again!
good bye
Hi, I'm looking for a train that is going to cambridge and arriving there by 20:45, is there anything like that?
There are over 1,000 trains like that.  Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from birmingham new street.
Can you confirm your desired travel day?
I would like to leave on wednesday
I show a train leaving birmingham new street at 17:40 and arriving at 20:23 on Wednesday.  Will this work for you?
That will, yes. Please make a booking for 5 people please.
I've booked your train tickets, and your reference number is A9NHSO9Y.
Thanks so much. I would also need a place to say. I am looking for something with 4 stars and has free wifi. 
How about the cambridge belfry?  It has all the attributes you requested and a great name!  Maybe even a real belfry?
That sounds great, could you make a booking for me please?
What day would you like your booking for?
Please book it for Wednesday for 5 people and 5 nights, please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5NAWGJDC.
Thank you, goodbye
Goodbye. If you think of anything else you need don't hesitate to contact us.
I am looking for Cote restaurant.
Would you like a booking at Cote?
Yes, please. I need a table for 5 at 12:15 Saturday. 
I'm sorry but the Cote was not available to reserve at that time. Can I help you find another restaurant?
Is there another restaurant in the same area and price range available?
Yes I have 33 possible choices, would you like them to serve the same type of food at the Cote?
Yes. I want to book a table for 5 people at 12:15 on Saturday.
I can check for british food or african if you have a preference.
Which ever is open then, thank you. 
I was able to book fitzbillies restaurant, reference number is 4LXPUXO1.
Thanks so much!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need help finding a train that will depart on Saturday. 
Okay we have a lot of trains departing on Saturday. Where are you headed and where are you departing from?
I am going to Cambridge and leaving from Stevenage.
What time do you need to arrive?
by 18:45 please. 
I have seven trains available.  What time do you want to leave? 
The train should arrive by 18:45 and should leave on saturday.
I have train TR9925 leaving at 7:21 ad arriving at 8:10 and the cost is 10:24 pounds. Would you like reservations?
Yes please.  Also I am looking for a concerthall in the east.  If there are none available, how about a boat attraction.
I found one boat attraction.  Camboats located at the plough, green end, fen ditton.
I think that is all I need. Thank you. 
Have a great time. 
I am looking for a 3 star hotel on the south side of town please.
The Lensfield Hotel is available if you would like to book there just let me know.
Is it in the cheap price range?
I can get you into the bridge Guest House. It is rated with three stars and has both internet and parking amenitites.
Is that in the cheap price range?
Unfortunately no. Would you be willing to expand your price range? 
Sure, how about one in the expensive range?
Certainly I have the Lensfield Hotel and it is considered expensive. Shall I book that for you?
Can you tell me what type of accommodation this is?
The type of hotel is a regular hotel that is rated 3 stars and has both free parking and internet connectivity amenities. Could I help you with booking?
Yes please. I need to book a room for three days starting on tuesday.
How many people am I making the reservation for?
Make a reservation for one.
Just to verify, you wanted a room at the Lensfield Hotel for Tuesday with one guest and a 3 night stay? Is that correct? 
Actually nevermind, I don't need to make a reservation right now. Thanks anyway. 
Alright, is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
Very well, have a great day and feel free to call us back when you are ready to book.
Hey, any entertainment type places in this town?
Yes, the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds and Funky Fun House are in the east, the south has Tenpin as well as Nusha, and Whale of a Time in the west.
Could I get the Cherry Hinton Hall's phone number, entrance fee, and postcode?
You might have to call, I do not have an entrance fee listed. The number is 01223446104 and postcode cb18dw.
I am also looking for information on the ashley hotel. 
What information can I provide for you?
I would like to book it for 3 nights starting Sunday. For 5 people, please.
I was able to book it, reference number 6BIQ6UWS
Great!  That was all I needed.
Hope you have a great trip!
Can you check the availability at the University Arms Hotel for five people?
What day would you like to book?
Thursday please. 
For just one day?
Actually for 5 nights and there will be 5 of us staying
Sure thing! Your reference number is LW8PBD97. 
Thank you so much, that is all that I need for now. Have a wonderful day.
You are welcome.
I need information on the university arms hotel.
Yes, the University Arms Hotel is located in the centre area and is on Regent Street. Would you like me to book a room for you?
yes. please book for me a table for thee tommorow diner at 8 pm
You asked about a hotel.  Would you like to book a room or would you like me to help find a restaurant?
I need more info.  Does the hotel have free parking and what is the price range? 
It is in the expensive price range, but it does have free internet and free parking.
Okay can you also help me with a restaurant that serves Cantonese food in the city center?
There aren't any restaurants in the city centre that serves Cantonese food.  Would you like to try a different type of cuisine or try a different area?
Are there any that serve north american food?
Yes, there is gourmet burger kitchen. It is an expensive restaurant. Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need their phone number.
There phone number is 01223312598. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No I am good for now, thanks for all of your help.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
Could you please connect me to the closest police station?
Here is the contact info for your police station Telephone:01223358966 Address :Parkside, Cambridge Postcode :CB11JG
Thanks so much for your help. That's just what I needed.
Glad to be of help. Will you be needing anything else today?
No, thank you. Have a nice day.
welcome. at your service next time
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services.
Are there any expensive restaurants that serve Indian food nearby?
There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Would you like to look in a particular area?
It doesn't matter where it is, I just need to book one of them for six people at 13:45 on Friday.
Great your reservation at curry garden is all set, reference number is J1X6P0DB
I am looking for an expensive hotel as well. 
There are five such hotels available. I can suggest the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. How does that sound?
Do any of the hotels have free parking and a star rating of 4?
Yes, there are two hotel options, one in the west and one in the centre.  Do you have a preference?
Do they both have internet access?
Yes, both the Huntingon Marriott and University Arms have free wifi.
Great can I also get a taxi between the two places?
Booking you a taxi would be no trouble. Would you like to book one of those hotels first?
No, that's OK, but I need that taxi arrives at the restaurant by 13:45.
Alright, I have your taxi booked. It will be a grey Lexus, contact number 07186569452. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
No, that will be all, thank you.
Thank you very much for contacting us. Have a good trip.
I'm interested in finding a hotel that has free parking that I can stay at.
There are 8 hotels that provide parking. There is no information on free parking but there is one hotel in the cheap price range. Would you be interested?
Yes I need a place to stay for sure.  I like 3 star hotels.  Do you have any 3 stars?
There are several. I have two hotel options, both on the expensive side. If you'd rather something more moderately priced, there are also some guesthouses available.
Oh I almost forgot, I also need the hotel to provide free wifi.  That may narrow my options down a bit.  Can you check?
Okay, there are 5 options. May I recommend the Bridge Guest House?
That is great. I need it for Tuesday. 7 people lasting 5 nights. 
I was able to book the room the reference number is WYIXGGE0. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Yes, I would also like to find a Spanish place to eat at. 
There are two Spanish restaurants in the centre of town, one cheap and one moderately priced. Which one would you be interested in?
Surprise me! I really don't care. 
Then I would like to recommend la tasca as the better of the two. 
Great, lets set up a reservation for 7 people at 20:00 on Tuesday.
Ok, I've made a booking for you. Reference number is : DWPPYCE4. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Fantastic, have a great trip!
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves afghan food in the south
I have not found any, unfortunately. Would you like to try another area of town or cuisine?
Are there any Portuguese restaurants in the south? 
Nandos fits your request perfectly! It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Would you like additional information?
I would like a reservation for 6 people on Wednesday at 13:15.
The reference number for your reservation is NMHD1N0R.
Thank you! Can you also help me with a place to stay?
Yeah sore you can get one thank you
I want to find an expensive restaurant 
There are many expensive restaurants in town. Is there a particular area or type of food you are looking for?
Something in the South part of town would be great. Any cuisine is fine.
chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food, is located in the south part of town, and is in the expensive price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes, please.
Chiquito restaurant bar is at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.  Do you need the phone number?
Yes, please.
Their phone number is 01223 400170.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and have a great day!
Can you help me find a moderately priced place to eat located in the centre?
Certainly, there are many restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have a food type preference?
Yes, do any serve international food?
I have 2. The varsity restaurant and bloomsberry. Both serve international food and are in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Can you check to see if either has booking for 5 people at 17:15 on monday?
Neither are available at that time. Would you like to try a different time?
No, I need 17:15 on Monday.  Perhaps a different restaurant in the centre with moderate prices?  Any cuisine is fine.
I was able to book you for the yippee noodle bar, your reference number is E6ERFBKG
Thank you and goodbye
Good bye to you, let us know if you need us again. 
Can you help me find a place to stay? I'm looking for somewhere that include free wifi and free parking.
I found 5 hotels with free Internet and parking. What area are you looking?
Area doesn't matter, but I would like a cheap guesthouse, if possible.
The city centre north b and b is a guesthouse in the north area in the cheap range, with parking and wifi. Would you care to book a room?
Could I get the hotel's phone number and postcode please?
Yes, City Centre B&B has a postal code of cb43ht.   They can be reached at 01223312843.  May I assist with anything else?
No, you helped me out.  Thanks.  Goodbye.
Enjoy your stay! Goodbye! 
Hello! What time does the next train to stevenage depart? 
There are 70 trains departing for Stevenage, where would you be departing from?
That is wrong I am leaving from stevenage and going to cambridge.
I'd be happy to help with your request, what day will you be leaving and do you have a time preference?
I will be leaving Friday after 9:45.
There is a train leaving Stevenage at 9:54 on Friday and arriving at 10:43 to Cambridge. The Train ID is TR2860. Would you like to book it?
Yes.  I would like to book it for 5 people.
I have your tickets booked, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is 2TAN5YZ3.
Thanks! I'm also looking for places to go in the town centre. Are there any multiple sports attractions?
I'm sorry but I have not found any matches. 
Ok, how about a college in the centre?
Christ's college is in the centre of town.
Can you provide me with the entrance fee and postcode?
It's free, and the postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
awesome no that is all thank you
You're welcome, have a great day!
I need to see some train times for Wednesday.
There are 404 trains running on Wednesday, what point of departure and point of arrival are you interested in?
I need to depart from ely and arrive by 16:30.
I can help you with that. How early do you want to leave because we have trains running as early as 5:35
i want to arrive by 16:30 if possible.
The TR2211 will  leave Ely Wednesday arriving at 15:52.  Would you like to book that one?
Yes book that for me thank you 
I will book that for you now.
Thank  you and I need a reference number 
How many tickets will you need?
Just one ticket and thank you 
Okay. I have booked one ticket for you. The reference number is EHRSRM7K and it will cost 4.4 GBP.
No, that is all. Thank you so much. Goodbye
Thank you for using our system!
Can you help me find a train departing from Leicester?
There are many, got a destination in mind?
I want to go to cambridge.
What day and time will you be leaving?
I leave on sunday.
There is a train leaving at 5:09 I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes, I need a expensive restaurant in centre that serves italian food and a phone number 
Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar is an expensive Italian place in the Centre.  Their phone number is 01223352607. Would you also like the address?
No thanks. Can I have to train id and price?
Sure, the train ID is TR7151 and the price is 37.80 pounds.
Okay, can you help me find a restaurant also?
Yes. I gave you the information for stazione restaurant and coffee bar previously. Were you looking for a specific restaurant?
Will the train arrive at Cambridge by 08:00?
I apologize, the trainID for the 5:09 is actually TR4106.  You will arrive in cambridge by 6:54.  Can I help with anything else today?
I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
Again, I already gave you the information for stazione restaurant and coffee bar, an expensive restaurant in the centre. If this doesn't suit you, then is there a specific place?
I apologize. I won't be needing anything else. good bye
Thank you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need to get a taxi from emmanuel college
Where will you be going?
I'm heading to finches bed and breakfast. 
Okay, what time do you want to leave?
I don't have a preference but would like to arrive by 22:30.
You're all set. Expect a black audi, contact number 07715481740. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you.
Have a wonderful time, and good luck!
I need a taxi going to the varsity restaurant.
Where will you depart from?
I'm leaving from gonville hotel.
I can help you with that. When do you need to leave?
I want to leave at 12:00.
I have a blue honda with contact number 07255247278.
Ok thank you that is all I needed today. Goodbye.
You're welcome, have a nice day.
I need information on the scott polar museum
Ok. What kind of information are you looking for?
I need the type, the phone number and the postcode for it please.
It is a museum, the phone number is 01223336540 and the postcode is cb21er
Great! Thanks for all your help.
Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!
Thank you, have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking, can you help me with that?
Is there a specific area you are looking at and what price range would you like?
I just need it to be in the west and it should include free wifi.
I found two locations Finches Bed and Breakfast and Hobsons house, which one would you prefer?
I think I would prefer the Hobsons House. Can I get the postcode and phone number?
The address for Hobsons House is 96 Barton Road and the postcode is cb39lh, would you like me to book a reservation?
Not at this time.  I am also looking for a train leaving from cambridge on wednesday.  
There are 202 trains departing from Cambridge that day. What time would you like to leave?
The train should leave after 13:45.
There are 107 trains leaving after 13:45. If you give me your destination I can narrow down the choices.
I'm heading to leicester.
Yes I have a Wednesday train from Leicester to Cambridge that departs at 14:21 and arrives at 16:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, I'd like to make the booking for 8 people. 
Just to clarify, that train is from Cambridge to Leicester. I've made reservations for 8, reference no. HG6Y42HX. You can pay at the station.
thank you for your help
Thank you for contacting Cambridge InfoCentre today! Enjoy your stay.
Hi, I am looking for a north Indian restaurant in the town centre?
I've found 9 restaurants that match what you're looking for. Would you like me to go through them?
One in the moderate price range would be good. Can you find one for me?
I am sorry there are non in the moderate price range,I have a few in the cheap price range,would that be okay?
No, in that case I think I would prefer to try a place that serves international food.
I have 2 restaurants that meet your needs: The Varsity Restaurant on Saint Andrews St. and Bloomsbury Restaurant on Downing Street.
Okay, how about The Varsity .. I'd like a table for four on Thursday at 12:30.
Booking was unsuccessful, want to try another restaurant??
Yes. I'd like the same area and price range.  
Okay I was able to get you into the Bloomsbury and your reference number is 6BOHROUH.
Thank you, that will be just fine. 
You're very welcome! Don't hesitate to call if you would like help finding other attractions.
I am looking for a chinese restaurant. I want a place that is expensive and classy.
I have 9 expensive chinese restaurants. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Nope. Pick the place with the most stars, and give me the address and postcode.
Yu Garden is an expensive Chinese restaurant located on the east side of town. Would you like the address for this one?
Yes I would like the address and the postcode please.
The address for yu garden is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58pa. Would you like me to book this restaurant for you?
Not right now. Could you please pick an attraction in the centre of town and give me the name and type of attraction?
Sure! Hughes Hall is an excellent free college attraction. Would you like more information?
Great, can I get a taxi from Hughes Hall at 15:30 going to yu garden  please.
yes I will order that for you.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Will you need help with transportation, food, lodging or attractions while there?
I am looking for an attraction called camboats. 
Yes, Camboats is a boat attraction located in the east part of town, would you like their phone number?
Yes, I'd like their phone number and postcode, please?
Their phone number is 01223902112, and their postcode is cb58sx. Will that be all?
i am are also looking for a train. The train should depart from stansted airport and should leave after 14:45. The train should leave on monday and should go to cambridge.
how about TR2958 that leaves at 15:24
Yes, that should work. Can you book me for 1 ticket please? 
Your seat has been booked and 10.10 GBP will be payable at the station. Your reference number is K8U0OGM7. What else can I do for you?
Nothing else, you've been great, thanks.
I'm glad I could help.
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called travellers rest
It is an expensive British restaurant on the west side of town. Would you like the address?
Yes, and can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on Monday, please.
Ok. You're all set for Monday at 14:15. Have a great day.
i'm looking for places to go in town
Would you like to narrow that down a bit?
Can you suggest a nice place that has a swimmingpool?
We have four lovely pools. Is location important?
No location isn't important.  Please recommend one, and let me know the phone number.
I'd recommend parkside pools in the centre. Their phone number is 01223446100. Will that be all?
I also am looking for a hotel with a 0 star rating and free parking.
I, as a monopoly person am also a fan of free parking.   Two guesthouse meet your needs, one is in the north, the other in the centre, any preferences?
I really prefer a hotel to a guesthouse.  How about a hotel with free parking and a four star rating
There are three hotels matching your description. Do you have a preference regarding price range or area of location?
Nah, pick your favorite and book a room for me, please! We'll be arriving on Tuesday and staying 5 nights. There will be 6 of us.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VRCMYSEO.
Great, what was the hotel that you decided on for me?
The Huntington Larriott Hotel , can I help with anything else ?
I want a train that is leaving from cambridge.
Sure, I can definitely help you with that.  When were you wanting to depart?  
I'm not sure. How long is the train ride? I would like to arrive by 13:45. 
TR5154 TAKES  88 minutes and leaves 05: 59. is that fine with you?
Is there another train on Monday that would get me to Kings Lynn closer to 13:45?
The TR7430 arrives in Kings Lynn at 12:58. It is 9.80 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
All I needed was the info on travel times, can you also help me find an attraction called Clare Hall?
Clare Hall is a college located in western Cambridge. It's located on herschel road. Do you need anything else?
No that will be all thank you. 
Happy to be of help. Goodbye. 
 i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should have a star of 4
There are five hotels that meet your requirements. Is there a certain part of town you are looking in?
No, not really. Although, I'd like it to be a guesthouse with free parking. 
How about the Leverton House?  It's at 732-734 New Market Road.  It's in the east part of town.  Can I book this for you?
That sounds good. I would like to book that for 4 people and 4 nights starting from Saturday. 
Booking was successful. Your reference number is: 7AAR2TYB.
I appreciate your help. I need to travel by train to stevenage and leave after 10:15. What is available, please?
We have plenty after 10:15, what day of the week?
Great, I'm looking to travel on Sunday. 
I am showing 7 options here. Do you want tickets on one of them?
Yeah, book the earliest one for 4 people and send me the reference number
Alright, your tickets are booked and your reference is BFCUMP2S. Anything else today?
That is all I need today, thank you.
We're happy to be of service, and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre!
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
There are over 20 results. Is there a certain area you'd like to stay?
Cheap price and North part of town 
One of your options is Worth House, it has a 4-star rating, would you like me to book it for you?
Let's make a booking for 6 people, 5 nights starting wednesday
Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is 0HRI1K18. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train
Ok, first I'll need to know where you are departing/arriving and what day?
My plan is to depart from Cambridge this Saturday.
Where will you be arriving at?
I'm going to london liverpool street. I want my train to leave after 14:45. 
I have one leaving at 15:59. Will that work?
Yes,  that's perfect.  Can you please book it for the same party and provide me with a reference number. 
You are all set, the cost is 66.39 GBP payable at the station .The Reference number is : P11XWALE
Great, thanks for your help!
Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
I am happy to help, can you please give me some information on what you would like me to search for?
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge in the expensive range with a 0 star rating that includes free parking.
I'm sorry, I'm not seeing any options for an expensive place to stay with a 0 rating and free parking. Should I look for something else?
How about one with a 4-star rating?
There are 2 hotels that meet your needs, one in the west and one in the city centre. Do you have a preference on where you'd like to stay?
The one in the west will be fine. I'll need the address, postcode, and if they have free internet. 
Sure their address kingfisher way, Hinchinbrook Business Park, Huntingdon and the postcode is pe296fl and they do have free wifi.
Great, thanks! Also, will you please find me a train that goes to Ely, leaving on Friday?
We have 10 trains that leave every two hours starting at 5:50, any time preferences?
I need to leave after 10:30. 
TR0767 leaves at11:50 on Friday morning, arriving 12:07. Price is 4.40 pounds. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes please. Book it fror friday, 2 peopl. I'll need a reference number as well please.
I will complete that booking for you now.
Okay. Great. Can I have the reference number please?
Your reference number is IWVOH34O.
Ok. Thanks.  Nothing further.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day. 
I'm looking for a guesthouse rental that has free parking.
I have several options do you have a preference for what side of town you stay in?
No, but it should have a star of 4.
You should enjoy the acorn guest house. It has a 4 star rating and parking. It's located in the north. Their number is 01223525725.
Would you book it for me, please. There are 3 of us staying for 5 nights.
What day will you be checking in?
We will be checking in on Tuesday.
Sorry no rooms available. How about another hotel?
Can you try another hotel in the same price range?
I've booked Archway House for you.  It's located at 52 gilbert road. Your reference number is F11WA5CB.
Thank you for your help.  That will be all for now.
Glad I could help and enjoy your stay.
I would love to locate a hotel that includes wifi and parking in its prices.
There are several hotels that have wifi and parking. Is there an area of town you prefer?
No specific area, but I would like a guesthouse type of hotel.
There are 21 hotels that match your criteria. Might I recommend the Acorn Guest House? It is a moderately priced 4-star guesthouse in the north.
Sure! Can I have the address and the area it's located in?
The Acorn Guesthouse is located at 154 chesterton road, cb41da. It is located in the north part of town. 
Okay great. Thank you so much.
You are most welcome!
I am also looking for a park to visit, can I get the postcode of one?
Sure! milton country park is at cb46az. It's free admission . 
Free is perfect. That will leave me extra to book a taxi from my hotel.
I can book your taxi for you if you would like, would you care to go ahead and book one?
I need the taxi to commute and I have to leave the hotel by 14:00, can I get their contact number and car type please.
It is a black volkswagen. The number is 07563800570. It will be there at 14:00 to take you to milton county park
Great! Thank you so very much!
You're welcome. Enjoy your trip!
I need a train on Monday, leaving after 10:45.
Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
I want to go to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street.
We have the TR1028 leaving at 11:01. Does that work?
When does it arrive? And what is the total travel time, please?
It arrives at 1:44 in the afternoon and it is a 2 hour and 43 minute trip.
Great! Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Happy to help. Have a good day. 
I would like to see a college in the centre area of town.
I have 13 colleges. I like the emmanuel college but is there another one you had in mind?
Emmanuel college is fine.  What's the address?
Emmanuel college is on saint andrew's street. It is free admission. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please, can you help me with train schedules too? I need to travel on Sunday.
Of course!  So that I can better help you, can you give me the departure and destination cities you are considering?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street. I would also like to leave after 21:00. 
I have TR1012, leaving at 21:01 and arriving at 23:44. Will that work for you?
It sure will if you can book 8 tickets for me.
Your booking was successful and your fee is 480.64 GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can I get the reference number for the train please?
Of course! Your reference number is J4Y78RXR. May I help with anything else?
Nope. Thank you for your help!
Okay, have a great day!
I want a place to stay in the east. 
I have 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel on the east side. What's your price range?
Doesn't matter too much. I'd like a 4 star property, though, and would prefer one of the guesthouses.
I'd recommend allenbell on 517a coldham lane. Would you like me to book a room?
Could you give me their phone number?  I would like to verify that they have free parking.
Allenbell does have parking and the phone is 01223210353.  Can I help with anything else?
yeah, i need something to eat. i'm starving.
In what area of town?
I'm looking for australian food in the moderate price range, any area is fine.
I'm sorry, we do not have any Australian restaurants in the moderate price range. Would you like to choose an alternate food type?
I'd also like to try a Turkish restaurant. Is that possible?
I'm sorry but the only restaurants in that part of town serve either Asian food or African food.
I don't mind changing the area. I just need moderate pricing and want something that serves Turkish food. 
i have 2 choices for you. anatolia is one and the other is efes restaurant. which do you prefer? 
Lets try anatolia.
Ok great and when would you like a table booked?
For 4 people at 17:45 on friday please. 
Ok, you have a table for 4 on thursday at 17:45. Reference number is : G684TD29. Can I help with anything else?
No that will be all. Thank you for your help! Goodbye
It's been a pleasure to help you.
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the South area. Can you help me with that please?
I have four options ranging in price from cheap to expensive ranging in from 3 to 4 stars. 
Are any a guesthouse?
Yes I have 3 guesthouses matching your criteria. Would you like to book one of them?
No I just need you to recommend one for me.
Aylesbury odge guesthouse,I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I don't need you to book it, I just need the phone number and post code please.
The phone number is 01223240089, and the post code is cb17sr. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks, also looking for a restaurant in the same part of town in the expensive range. Can you recommend one? 
the good luck chinese food takeaway is great. Shall i book it ?
Please book the restaurant and I also need a taxi.
What time would you like to dine, and how many will be in your party?
There will be 6 of us. We'd like 12:15 on Saturday please.
Your table is booked (ref# SCHAG4OI). What time do you need that taxi?
I'd like it to arrive in time to get us there before 12:15. 
Your black ford taxi has been booked and your contact number is 07103139053.
Thanks. That is all for now.
Okay.  Please call us if we can help you further.  We hope you enjoy your stay.  
Hi, I need a guest house to stay in, please. 
I've found 24 different guesthouses for you. Would you like some recommendations based on more preferences?
I need free wifi and it should have a star rating of 3 please.
I found 3 guesthouses matching your criteria in the north, south, and west . What part of town would you prefer?
I'd like something on the north side of town.
I have the Hamilton Lodge on chesterton road, would that be ok?
Yes please book it for 6 on tuesday and I will be staying 5 nights if that's available.
There are no guest house's available in the north. How about a hotel instead?
That would be fine as long as it is in the same price range
I am sorry there are no hotels that match either.  Would you like to try a different part of town or star rating?
Yes. Would you check the west part of town please?
I'm sorry, there is none that match your request in the west. Should I try different star rating or another part of town?
Could you try a hotel in the west in the same price range. The star does not matter.
Hobsons House is a moderately-priced, 3-star guesthouse in the west. I was able to book that for you, ref#LQIVXPCX. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you, that's all I need today. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a particular restaurant called michaelhouse cafe.
Michaelhouse Cafe is an expensive restaurant in the center of town. It serves european food and is located at St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre. 
I would like to book a table at this restaurant for 5 people at 15:00 on monday.
Sure thing you're all set. Your reference number is 8P12NA4L. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a hotel. I think it is called the Cambridge belfry.
The cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel in the west area. Do you want to book any rooms?
First can you give me the postcode, star rating, and a more specific price range?
The postcode is cb236bw and star rating is 4. I can only tell you that it is in the cheap price range.
Well thank you very much. I think that's all I need for now!
Absolutely. Enjoy your trip!
I would like some Lebanese food in the west part of town. Are there any available?
I'm sorry we don't have any Lebanese restaurants located in the west part of town.  Would you like to try a different type of food?
How about Thai food?
sala thong serves thai food and is located in the west part of town. Would you like more information for them? 
Yes, the address, phone number, and their price range please.
Sala thong is an expensive restaurant located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. The phone number is 01223 323178.
Thank you goodbye. 
thank you and good bye
Can you give me information on a particular attraction, called kambar?
Sure, it's a nightclub in the centre of town.
Great, could you also provide me with the phone number?
Of course, the phone number for Kambar is 01223842725. Can I help you with anything else?
I want to also eat Indian food. What expensive restaurant do you have? 
We have many options for Indian. How about Saffron Brasserie at Hills Road City Centre. Phone 011223354679. Anything else? 
Great. Could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:30 on Monday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 7E8IT3A0.  What else can I help you with today?
No. That will be all. 
Thank you for using our services, feel free to contact us any time for assistance.
thank you for helping
Thank you for using our service today.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to go in the north. Could you suggest some places?
Milton Country Park is in the north and has free admission.
Can I get the phone number please?
Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223420060. Is there anything else I can assist you with? 
Yea I also need a train that goes to cambridge and should leave after 17:30.
What day will you be traveling, and where would you like to depart from?
I'm leaving Kings Lynn on Wednesday. 
Is there a time you would liek to arrive by?
Arrival time does not matter, just leave after 17:30
How many people would you like to book?
I need to book for two people and I need the reference number.
I have a train leaving at 18:11. Will that do?
That would work.  Can you book that please?
You train has been booked. Total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 5PVB9XYJ.
Perfect!  That is all I needed.  Thank you for the help.  Goodbye!
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
May I please have the number for the local police?
I'd be happy to help you with that. Their number is 01223358966. Is there anything else?
Yes, i need the address and postcode.
The address is parkside, cambridge and he postcode CB11JG.
Hi, I am interested in finding attractions on the west side of town.
How about Magdalene College and Cafe Jello Gallery (13 Magdalene St), both free and on Magdalene St?
That's great. What time does each attraction open?
Sorry, I don't have that information. You can call them to find out. 01223332138 and 01223312112 are the phone numbers. 
Can you tell me what type of attraction Cafe Jello Gallery is please?  I also want to find an indian restaurant. 
Cafe Jello Gallery is a museum. There are 22 Indian restaurants in Cambridge, do you have a preferred price range or area?
Great thank you, I am also looking for an expensive Indian place to eat
I've got 14 expensive Indian restaurants. Is there a particular part of town you'd like to eat in?
I would prefer to eat in the same area as Cafe Jello Gallery.
Okay, how about the Tandoori Palace?  It's in the same area.
Sounds great! Could I book a reservation for 6 people at 13:30 on wednesday?
I'm sorry, but you'll have to book at another time slot. What other time slot would you like to book at?
Let's try 12:30 then.
No problem.  Your table is booked at 12:30 on Wednesday.  
What is the reference number for the reservation?
Your reference number is SRC2I813, your table will be held for 15 mins.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes.  I need a taxi to take me from the museum to the restaurant.
Could you please tell me what time you want to leave or what time you want to arrive so I can book the taxi for you?
I will need to arrive at Tandoori Palace by 12:30 please.
I have confirmed your booking a white audi will be picking you up.  Their contact number is 07621830686.  Do you need help with anything else? . 
No, I think that's everything.  Thank you so much.
Okay great. Glad i could be of help.
I'm looking for information on the Parkside Police Station.
The Parkside Police Station address is Parkside, Cambridge, Postcode CB11JG. The Telephone number is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Was that that the full address for the police station?
yes that was!
Thank you that was all the information I needed. 
Great! Have a wonderful day and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge.
Can you help me book a taxi please?
Yes what is your departure site?
I am departing from sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway.
What time do you want to leave ?
I need a train leaving after 10:00. 
What is your destination? 
i need to leave cambridge after 10:00 and go to norwich on monday. 
I have a train that leaves at 10:36 and every hour on the :36 with the last one being at 23:36. Which one would you like to book?
The first one is fine.  I just need 1 ticket, please.
You are all set.  The train ID is TR9202 and it is 17.60 pounds.  The reference number is FPTNVLXH.
I would also like some where fun to go in the south of town. 
I would be happy to help with that!  What sort of activity are you interested in?  There is a variety in that area including, parks, night clubs, and theatre.
I'd like one in the type of entertainment please
There are two entertainment options in the south. I recommend nusha.
Could you give me more info on that place then?
the phone number for nusha is 01223902158. Its postcode is cb17dy. The address is unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road. The entrance fee information is not listed
Thank you, that is all I need today.
Have a great day.
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free parking, please.
Does acorn guest house on 154 chesterton road work for you? Should I book it?
Is it in the moderate price range?
Yes, it is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes.  Please book it for 7 people and for 5 nights starting this Thursday. 
I have made the reservations and your reference number JQUU393D.
thanks! i'm also looking for a hungarian restaurant.
I'm sorry, but I am not finding any Hungarian restaurants.  Would you consider another type of cuisine?
You can look for indian restaurants.
Is there a certain price range?
No, any price range will work.
I'd recommend curry prince in the east. It's a moderately priced restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
So, my group is going to need a table at 15:30 on the day we arrive at the hotel.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : G7Z1RQ47.
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo. I hope you have a great day.
I am looking for a place to stay
There are are lots of options. Is there a particular side of town you would like to stay in?
I'm looking for something moderately priced in the west.
Hobsons House is exactly what you're looking for. Would you like me to book it for you?
Are they 4 star rated by chance?
I am sorry I have no listings for any with 4 stars.
That's okay. Can you look for one that is expensive?
the huntingdon marriot hotel is great!
Sounds good. Can you book for Wednesday for 1 person, 4 nights? 
The booking was successful, your reference number is N7L47L69.
I also need a restaurant that serves venetian food, in the expensive range.
I'm sorry, I can't find any restaurants matching your request. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine perhaps?
OK, then please try Italian restaurants. 
I have the caffee uno located in the centre. 
Great! I would like a reservation for Wednesday. 
Certainly, at what time?  And how many will be in your party?
The same group of people discussed at 18:15 the same day.
Table for 1 at Caffe Uno is confirmed for Wednesday at 18:15. They will hold your table until 15 minutes after your reservation time. Your confirmation number is A3L9KQ34.
Awesome. Now please book me a taxi to the restaurant. Just please make sure I get their in time for my reservation
In order to book a taxi I need the travel time, departure location and the arrival location. 
I will be leaving the restaurant.
Please to book a taxi I need departure location, arival location and travel time. Please provide that information. 
Yes, I will be leaving from the hotel. I will need to arrive at the restaurant by 18:15 on Wednesday.
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Volvo and their contact number is 07236170295.
Thank you so much for all your help. Have a great day.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Hi, could you tell me if Cambridge Book and Print Gallery is still open?
Yes, but I am unable to make a booking for you.  Would you like to do anything else?
That's fine, could you give me the address for the gallery please?
The address is 49 newnham road, is there anything else I could do for you?
Yes, I also need to find a train leaving from cambridge.  Can you help me with that?
Absolutely, where would you like to go?
I would like to go to london liverpool street on Thursday. I would like to leave after 16:00.
There are 4 trains that run during that period, do you have a preference for your arrival time?
Just any time leaving after 16:00, and I need tickets for 5 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 83 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IG0M4C9S.
Great! I think that is all I need. I appreciate your help today.
Glad I could help you. Have a nice day.
Thank you! You have a nice day as well. 
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
Thank you, you as well, goodbye.
Goodbye to you as well. I hope you have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centre of Cambridge. I'd like Mediterranean food. 
I have three different ones. I have two expensive ones and one that is rather cheap. Do you have a preference? 
I want the expensive one. Can you give me some information on them?
There is La Mimosa on Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton as well as Shiraz Restaurant at 84 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like more information?
La Mimosa sounds interesting. That's all I needed. Thanks!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a train that will be leaving anytime after 16:45 going to cambridge, please.
What destination and what day?
The destination is Cambridge and I'd like it on Monday.
There are 77 trains. Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Birmingham New Street.
I have a train leaving at 17:40 from birmingham new street to cambridge. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please and can you give me the travel time, arrival time, and train ID?
The train we're looking at is TR3130. It arrives at 20:23	so the travel time is 163 minutes. How many seats do you need?
You've given me all the information I need. Thanks. Have a nice day.
My pleasure! Please call us back if we could help you with anything else.
I'm looking for information on a restaurant called La Margherita.
Sure, it's a cheap Italian place in the west at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre cb30af. Their phone is 01223315232. How else may I assist you?
Hello, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and looking to make a reservation at a restaurant called the "Royal Standard". Can you get me the information for that restaurant please? 
Royal Standard's phone number is 01223247877. They are located at 290 Mill Road City Centre. 
 What is the food type and price range?
They serve gastropub cuisine and are in the expensive range. Can I book that for you?
No thank you. I'm also looking for a 4 star guesthouse.
I am showing 5 types of guesthouses. Four of them have free wifi and parking. How long were you planning on staying?
I'm not sure yet. I'll take a place with free wifi.
Is there a particular area in which you'd like to stay?
I don't have a location preference but can you give me the phone number, postal code and price range?
Of course. I would recommend the allenbell. It is a cheaper hotel. It's postcode is cb13js. The number is 01223210353.
Ok. I will take it. 
Great! Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks.  Is there another with free wifi?
the alexander bed and breakfast has free wifi.
Alright, thanks for the information. That was all I needed for today. 
You're very welcome, have a lovely day.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve british food
Travellers rest is amazing. would you like a reservation?
Yes I need table for 6 people at 12:15 on saturday
Your party of 6 is booked for Saturday at 12:15. Your reference number is 6W59CFFR. Is there anything else?
No, thanks for your help!
You're quite welcome!
Hi, I am looking for a train that is leaving on friday after 13:15.
Where would you like to leave from and go to?
I want to depart from norwich and go to cambridge.
TR1952 leaves Norwich at 13:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:35.  Would that work for you?
Before I commit, what would the price of the ticket be?
It would cost 17.60 pounds.
That would be great. I am also looking for the scott polar museum in town, can you tell me a little about it?
The Scott Polar Museum is located in the centre area of town, and the entrance fee is free. 
Can you tell me the postcode for the museum as well?
Yes, their postcode is cb21er. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thanks, I've got everything. Have a nice day.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
Need a certain restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar.
Wonderful! That restaurant is located at Market Hill City Centre, and the telephone number is 01223352607. Can I help you with anything else? 
Yeah can you book me a table for 3 on Thursday?
What time would you like to make the reservation for? 
15:00 on thursday, please.
Great I was able to get your table, reference number is 41SZJZMV. Make sure you arrive on time they will only hold the table for 15 minutes.
ok i am also looking for a train on the same day as the sestaurant booking and should arrive by 09:15 should go to cambridge and depart from ely 
There are two trains to choose from, one departing at 05:35 and the other 07:35, do you have a preference?
Can I get the price and travel time for the 7:35 departure?
Sure! The fare is 4.40 GBP per person, and it's a short, 17-minute ride.
Can you book it for me?
I certainly can. How many tickets would you like? 
I would like a reservation for 3 people please.  I would like a reference number.
Your tickets are booked.  The reference number is XVS0713S.  Can I do anything else for you?
Nope, thanks for your help. Goodbye.
Perfect!  I hope that you enjoy your travels and please feel free to contact us again if you need anything.  Goodbye!
Can you recommend me a moderate priced restaurant in the north part of town?
I found two restaurants in the moderate price range in the north part of town. Would you prefer Chinese or Indian food?
Can I have the address of the Chinese restaurant?
The Golden Wok is a Chinese restaurant in the north part of town.  The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
ok thank you good bye
goodbye
Hi! Could you find me a train to Stevenage on Thursday? 
There are 10 trains meeting your preferences. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Would you be able to get me to Stevenage by 18:45?
Where would you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge.
TR4765 will arrive in stevenage by 18:10 on Thursday, do you want to book a ticket?
I would like to book 7 tickets please. I will also need the reference number. Thanks
Sure, your reference number is : UIJ42C5L. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need.  Thank you so much for your help.  Have a nice day.
Thank you for using our service. Are you certain you don't need any further assistance?
Yes that's everything I needed thanks.
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a wonderful day!
I need some information on a train going to cambridge.
What day would you like to depart? And where will you be heading?
I want to leave on Friday and go Cambridge. 
Which station will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Stevenage on Friday after 15:15.  How much will that cost?
There are 5 different trains for that day/time, but they are all 12.80 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket?
No, that's fine, thank you. I'm also looking for a restaurant called the Curry Garden.
I found it would you like a reservation?
No thank you. I am also looking for a restaurant called curry garden.
Curry Garden is an expensive Indian restaurant in the center of town, located at 106 Regent Street City Centre, cb21dp.
Thanks so much.  You have been very helpful.  That is all I'll be needing for today.   Bye.
Okay enjoy your dining and your visit in Cambridge.
I need an expensive restaurant
What kind of food are you interested in?
I would like Vietnamese food 
No restaurants matching your queries have been found. Would you like to search for another food type?
Is there any restaurants severing North American food.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen is an expensive restaurant that serves North American food.
Is that expensive? 
Yes, it is listed as expensive in my database. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, I would like to have the phone number and postcode please. 
phone number is 01223 312598, postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.B.
I need a cheap place to stay
There are many cheap places. In which area would you like to search for a place to stay?
It  should include free parking.The hotel should include free wifi. 
There are 10 cheap hotels what area would you like?
Whichever is the cheapest for 2 people, 5 nights starting Thursday. Please book it, and I will need a reference number. Thanks.
Alright, you are booked at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  Reference number is UK8T46J8.
Thank you, I just want to confirm that this hotel includes free parking and wifi
Yes it includes both.
Thanks, that will be all. good bye.
Enjoy your stay. Goodbye!
I am looking for the attraction whipple museum of the history of science.
The Whipple Museum of History of Science is located at Free School Lane in the Centre area. The phone number is 01223330906. 
Great, thanks for that. Can you tell me what area of the city that's in, and what their entrance fee is?
They are located in the centre and no admission fee.
Thank you, can you also find an Indonesian restaurant for me? I'd prefer if it were expensive.
I am sorry but there are no restaurants that match your request.  Would you like to try a different price range or food type?
Is there an expensive Indonesian restaurant in the town centre by chance?
No there is not.  May I try a different area?
No, please stay in the centre, but lets try a gastropub.
i got two options, there is backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce, which one could you prefer?
Slug and Lettuce would be a fine choice, I need a table on Friday for 2 people at 11:15.
Your reservation has been booked.
Can you provide me with the reference number for that booking?
Your booking number is DMNJIKFZ.
Book a taxi for me, it needs to get me to the restaurant in time.
I have that taxi booked for you. A Blue Toyota will pick you up. The contact number is 07584480415.
Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a train going to kings lynn.
On which day will you be traveling?
On sunday.  I'd like to arrive by 09:45.
I have 4 trains on Sunday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. The TR8042 arrives at 08:58. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Make booking for 3 people and can I have a refernce number?
Your tickets are ready . Reference number is : NGHD22EZ.
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?
What area are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay on the south.
Okay! There are three. What price range would you like? I can book you at a moderately-priced or cheap guesthouse.
Is there a guesthouse that doesn't have free parking?
No, all three have parking and internet.
ok book me one for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from wednesday
Okay, I have you booked at the Bridge Guest House.  Your reservation number is KMYQSG7Z.  Can I help with anything else?
That is all. Thanks so much!
Have a nice day.
Im looking for a restaurant in the north part of town in the cheap price range
There are two restaurants in the cheap range on the north side of town. Would you prefer indian or italian?
I am looking for the east part of town, serving austrian food. 
I am sorry, there is no such restaurant match your request. Would you prefer another area or another type of food? 
How about Chinese food on the east part of town?
Yu garden serves chinese food and is located in the east part of town.  Would you like more information? 
Yes, I would like their address, phone number and postcode, please. 
Their address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, their phone number is 01223 248882 and their postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A.
That's all I'm looking for. Thank you for the information.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Vietnamese food. I don't care about the price range.
Thanh binh is a vietnamese restaurant in the west part of town. Would you like their location? 
Yes, what is their address and phone number?
its address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 362456 .
Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye. 
I need a train out of peterborough on wednesday.
we have a variety so if we  can narrow down by giving departure time good with you
Yes, I need to arrive in Cambridge at or a little before 21:45.
I have several trains available. What time would you like to depart? 
Whatever the closest train to arriving before 21:45 is will be fine with me. 
I got 1 ticket for you on TR8935 it will arrive by 08:09. Your reference number is C0M3TLKH. Anything else today?
Can you cancel that and get me 5 tickets instead of 1 please?
Sure, this is the new information : Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 0196JVLZ.
Thank you so much! I also need some entertainment in the centre. What do you recommend?
All Saints Church is nice if you like architecture! It is on Jesus Lane and the entrance fee is free!
I would prefer a lively college in the centre, please.
Okay! How about Christ's College?
sure, i just need the address, postcode, and entrance fee.
Christ's College is free to enter, and they're located on Saint Andrew's Street in postcode cb23bu.
Ok. Thank you. That's all for now. 
thank you for using our services
Have a great day!
Have a nice day.
Where's the train that leaves around 14:45? It should also be going to cambridge as well.
I need more info on the departure site, date and time, please
I want to leave from Stevenage on Thursday.
The TR1596 leaves stevenage at 15:54.
How long is the travel time?
The travel time is 49 minutes for that route. Is there anything else I can help with today? 
i'm also looking for stuff to do while i'm there.
I can help with that. Is there a certain type or location you are looking for these attractions? 
I am looking for something in the west and in the theatre.
I have no theatre in the west can I look in another area?
Ok, what about an entertainment venue instead? 
I found an entertainment venue called "Whale of at Time" in the west. Does this interest you?
That's great, can you give me the phone number, postcode, and if there's an entrance fee?
the post code is cb238el and the phone number is 01954781018. i do not have the entrance fee information. can i help you with anything else?
No that's it for today! Bye bye
Thank you so much! I hope you enjoy Whale of a Time - I heard its a great show!
I am trying to find a hospital that has a transplant high dependency unit. 
Addenbrookes Hospital has a transplant high dependency unit. The phone number for the transplant high dependency unit is 01223216811. Would you like the address and postcode as well?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
Okay.  Thanks and have a great day!
Hello, can you help me find a restaurant for my upcoming trip to Cambridge?
Absolutely! What type of food are you looking for?
I do not care. Just something in the south, moderate range in price. 
There are two options that match what you're looking for.  Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum, which is modern European cuisine.  Does either sound good? 
i want to reserve a table at  Restaurant Alimentum
what day and how many people?
I would need it for 3 people for 17:30 on monday.
I have booked that for you and your reference number is 7HRLWXYB.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks!  I need to travel to Kings Lynn from Cambridge for 3 people.  I need to travel Tuesday night, sometime after 20:00.  I need a reference number please.
I would suggest train TR8387 that leaves at 21:11 with arrival at 21:58.  Would you like me to book this one or do you need a different arrival time?
This is perfect. Please book for 3 people and give me the reference number.
Okay, I've booked 3 tickets for you on TR8387. It will cost 29.4 GBP. Your reference number is VF2TRXD0. Can I do anything else for you today?
No, that sounds about right. Thanks.
Enjoy your visit.
I would like to find a train that leaves to cambridge. Oh, and please see if it leaves on a wendesday. 
Certainly. From where will you be departing?
I want to depart from Peterborough and want to leave after 18:00. 
Where will your destination be?
To Cambridge. 
train TR9332 leaves at 19:17 and it costs 23.60 pounds. i have booked you one ticket. is there anything else i can help you with?
That train would work well, but I really need 2 tickets and the reference number please. 
Okay, I've got you booked on the TR9332. Your reference is WG0QUAVB and the total fee of 47.2 GBP is payable at the station. Will that be all today?
i also want a place to stay
There are 33 locations available. Is there a specific area you wish to stay in?
Yes, I'd like to be in the east. It will also need to have a star of 4. 
Do you have a price range in mind?
Just one that has free wifi please. No price range restrictions. 
Based on your criteria there are 6 guest houses available. I suggest the carolina bed and breakfast. Shall I make a reservation for you?
Is that a hotel or a guesthouse?
It is a guesthouse.
Okay, thanks! Can you please book a room for 2 people, for 3 nights, starting Wednesday?
Your reference number is DMRUCDJ4.
Thank you that is all I needed. 
Perfect. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Hello. I am looking for information about Saint Barnabas Press Gallery.
The Saint Barnabas Press Gallery is a museum in the east area of town. The phone number is 01223902116. Would you like the address?
Yes, can I get it please?
It is located at The Belfast Yard, Coldham's Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need help finding a restaurant. Are there any that serve Chinese food in the South?
There are 3. What price range do you want?
I'm looking for a an expensive one, please. 
Peking restaurant is int he expensive price range.
Could you get me a table for 1 at 17:15 on Friday?
Your table is reserved for 15 minutes and the reference number is LW79C4M8.  Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you!
Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day!
Hi, I'm looking for an attraction, it's called Wandlebury Country Park, do you have any information about it?
Yes, it is located in the South area at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham cb223ae. The phone number is 012223243830.
Excellent. That's all I need!
Happy to be of help, Enjoy your visit. 
I need a train as well, going to cambridge on Saturday. Could you tell me my options?
Which station will you be departing from? There are over 200 options for trains going to Cambridge on Saturday.
I'd like to leave from the London Liverpool Street, please.
What time would you like to depart? 
Anytime after 13:15.
How about TR4078 leaving london liverpool street on saturday at 13:39 and arriving at cambridge at 15:07, making it an 88 minute ride? It costs 13.28 pounds. 
That will do wonderfully. Thank you for your help.
You're very welcome. Would you like to book a ticket on that train?
No, I do not. Thanks. 
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it, I believe. Thanks and goodbye.
Have a lovely day, thank you for using a our service.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and a star rating of 0.
There are two places that match those requirements, one in the north and one in the city centre. Would you like to hear more about these?
Are you sure there aren't any in the south of town?
Sorry. There are no moderately-priced 0 star places in the south of town. Do you want to try some other criteria?
Could you try for the center part of town?
The cityroomz is a hotel in the centre part of town with a 0-rating in the moderate price range.  Can I reserve a room for you there?
Yes, I'd like to reserve it for 6 people for 4 nights starting Sunday, please.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is 3UKMLIWO. 
I am also looking for a train into cambridge the same day please
What day would you like the train?
Sunday as well, please.
Sure, where will you be departing from, and do you have a departure or arrival time?
Yes, I need to leave Leicester after 11:00.  Heading to Cambridge for the day.
I would recommend TR8285. It leaves Leicester at 11:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:54.
Okay. Can you purchase tickets for me. There will 6 of us.
Your reservation was successful. Your reference number is SCKIYN5Q. You depart from Leicester at 11:09, arriving in Cambridge at 12:54. Would that be all for you today?
Yes. Thank you for your help.
It was a pleasure, thank you so much. 
I need a restaurant in the east. 
I have several restaurants that would work. Do you have a price range?
not really. just book it for 6 people at 15:00 on monday. Get me a ref number please. 
thanks. the reference number is 0KSZQNWL
I also need a place to stay and would like to fins a guesthouse with a star rating of 4.
Which area would you like to stay in?
On the East side please, in the same area as the restaurant
great, i have 6 options for you! do you need parking or wifi?
I'm impartial to both, but would like to know if they have or don't have internet available.  
They both have internet. 
Ill take the one in the East,can you book it for me?
Might I suggest the Autumn House. It is cheap and in the east. 4 star rated and they offer free parking and wifi. What day for your reservation?
Sounds great! May I please have the postcode?
Sure! It's cb58rs. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need today thanks for all the help.
You are very welcome. Please reach out to us again, if we can be of further service. Good-bye.
I am looking for a place to stay that is a guesthouse with free parking please.
I have lots of guesthouses available with parking, do you have a preference for area? 
No, but I do need free wifi as well as free parking.
Do you have a preference for price range?
No, the price range is flexible. I would like to book a room on Wednesday for 2 people, 2 nights. 
Can I book you in at the allenbell? It is cheap and in the east.
That will do. And that is for 2 people for 2 nights starting Wednesday.
Sorry, there isn't any vacancy for those days.  Would you care to stay just the Wednesday?
Sure, let's try for just one night and see if that works please.
Booking was successful. Can I get you anything else?
The reference number please!
Your reference number is LPMF11YC.
Thanks for your help. I'm all set.  Bye.
Have a good day!
I am looking for a nice restaurant in the center of town.
Do you have a price ranger preference? 
he restaurant should be in the expensive price range.
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of the city. What type of cuisine are you seeking?
I'd like Japanese food, please. 
Yes I found a perfect fit for you. Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant that serves expensive food in the center of town. Would you like their address and telephone number?
Yes please as well as their postcode.
The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street	, cb23ar, and the phone number is 01223462354. 
Thank you for your help. I appreciate it!
You're welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No thank you that will be all for today!
You're very welcome. Feel free to call us again in the future. Have a nice evening. 
Hi, I am so excited to see some local tourist attractions on my upcoming trip.  Can you help me find a place to dine when I am there?
Of course I can help you with that. May I ask your price range and what kind of food you would like to eat? 
I would like expensive italian food.  What do you suggest?
Does it matter where your restaurant is located? We have four expensive italian restaurants in the center, and one in the south. 
I would like the one in the South. 
I would recommend Frankie and Bennys. Would you like any particular information about that restaurant? 
Please book that one for 5 people on Thursday at 17:30.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes on Thursday at 17:30. Your reference number is IIL1W17L
I am also looking for a swimming pool. 
I would recommend parkside pools in the centre, would you like more information?
Where is the area the swimming pool is? Also can i have contact number and Car type of a taxi to commute between these to place on time.
The pool is located in the centre. For your taxi what time would like to leave the restaurant and arrive at the pool?
Well, my reservation is at 17:30 so before that.
Ok that is reserved the car type is a white skoda and contact number is 07749508592.
Great thank you, that was all I needed today.
I hope you have a great trip!
Hi I'm looking to look at boats. Can you look at centre of town?
The Cambridge Punter is a boat located in the centre at 251a Chesterton Road.
I think that sounds interesting. Can you tell me their postcode?
The postal code for The Cambridge Punter is cb41as. Is that all you needed help with today?
Actually I could use some help finding an italian restaurant in the centre of town. 
We have 9 Italian restaurants in the Centre, do you have a particular price range you are looking for?
It is a special occasion so it can be expensive!
stazione restaurant and coffee bar is a very popular expensive Italian restaurant in the Centre.  It is located on Market Hill City Centre.
That sounds good. Can I get a table for 5 this Monday at 18:30? I also need a reference number.
I made that reservation for you the reference number is 24H41KYZ.
Thank you! I will also need a taxi for going to and from those places.
Can you tell me what time you prefer to leave by or arrive by? 
I need to get to the restaurant by 18:30
Booking completed. The booked car type is a yellow lexus and the contact number is 07892783917. 
Thank you, that's all I need.
Glad to be of help. Have a wonderful morning. Goodbye. 
Yes, I was wondering if you could help me find a guesthouse in Cambridge. 
Shouldn't be an issue. Any further preferences?
Yes, I would like a 4 star guesthouse that is moderately priced with wifi included.
I have about 11 different gueshouses that fit what you are looking for. Can you tell me the preferred area you wish to stay in to help narrow it down?
I don't care about the area so much, I just need free wifi and to know whether they have free parking. 
Sure, how about acorn guest house they are moderate prices and have free parking and wifi?
How many star does it have?
Acorn Guest House is a 4 star guesthouse, moderately priced in the north, with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not at the moment. But I do need information on a train  from Leicester to Cambridge on Sunday leaving after 12:00 noon.
I have a train leaving at 12:09 and then every hour after up to 23:09. Do you have a preference?
Can you give me the price for the train leaving at 12:09?
Yes, it's 30.24 pounds.
Ok, and what was the address of the Acorn Guest House?
The acorn guest house is at 154 chesterton road. Anything else I can get you today?
I also need a train leaving sunday after 12:00 
Ok, I have booked a train for you leaving Leicester destined for Cambridge on Sunday at 12:09 arriving by 13:54. Your reference number is R9Q27A3Z.  Have a pleasant day.
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves Indian food and is in the higher price range. Could you give me information on this kind of restaurant?
I have about 14 different options. Did you prefer a certain area of town to dine in? 
I would like one in the west.
Tandoori Palace is an expensive Indian restaurant located in the west. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, I would like to make a reservation for 5 people at 18:15 on Wednesday. I would also like the reference number.
You're booking is all set. Your reference number is 5DFJFXLC. Can I help you with anything else?
Would it be possible to book a train from cambridge?
Can you tell me where you're departing from so I can look into the train schedule?
I am departing from Cambridge.
Where would you like to travel to, and at what time and day?
I'm going to Peterborough on Thursday, I'd like to leave after 10:30.
I have train TR5159 leaving cambridge at 11:06 arriving in peterborough at 11:56 on thursday. Would you like me to make reservations for that?
Let me think about it please.
Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Could you tell me the travel time on that train?
The travel time on that train from Cambridge to Peterborough is 50 minutes.
Ok, thanks. Can you also tell me the price per ticket? 
It's 16.50 pounds per ticket.
I would like 5 tickets please. Can you give me a total price?
Okay, the total fee is 82.5 GBP and your reference number is MJUGFPX5.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you good bye.
I would like to find a cheap restaurant. It should be in the North side of town.
what type of food do you want? 
No preference for food type, thank you.
Great! Da vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice are both cheap and located in the north part of town. 
Great! Da vinci pizzeria and Royal Spice are both cheap and located in the north part of town. 
Which one do you prefer? Da vinci pizzeria or Royal Spice? 
Royal Spice, give me their address please.
It's Victoria Avenue Chesterton.  Would you like the phone number?
No, thank you.  Goodbye!
Thank you and goodbye!
I need to take a train from cambridge, I need to arrive by 18:30.
We have quite a few trains that may suit your needs. Do you have a particular day you are traveling?
Yes, I need to leave Broxbourne on Tuesday.
Okay, I have one arriving at 6:01, would you like me to book it?
What is the train id, please? 
The train ID is TR6357.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you find me a park in the south?
There are two parks that meet your description: Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway and Wandlebury Country Park.  Would you like more information on either of those?
CAN I GET THE PHONE NUMBER AND POSTCODE PLEASE
sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway number is 01223302580 and postcode is cb22ad. wandlebury country park number is 01223243830 postcode is cb223ae. Do you need anything else?
I will also need the address as well for the two parks please.  Thank you!
sheep's green & lammas land park fen causeway is located at fen causeway, newnham road; wandlebury country park is at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham. Anything else?
That should be all.  Thank you for your help. 
You are very welcome!  I hope that you enjoy your trip!  Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for information on a train.
I can help you with that. Where are you headed?
I'm headed to Cambridge from the Stansted Airport.  Can you find information for Thursday please?  
I found 19 trains what time do you want to leave the airport? 
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 14:45 so I will need to leave in time to get there by then.
There is a train that leaves at 5:24.
That won't work, I need to arrive in Cambridge by 14:45 (2:45pm).
Since that won't work for you, I can get you on a train that leaves at 13:24 and will arrive by 13:52.  Would you like me to book your seat?
That would be just fine.  I just need the Train ID for now. I also  need a place to stay.
Yes, that train ID is: TR3637. Can I assist with a booking?
No, I don't need to book it now. Can you help me find an expensive guest house with free parking and wifi?
Sorry, I don't see any listings that match your search. Would you like to change price range or type?
Are there any in the moderate price range?
The Acorn Guest House is in the moderate range.
Alright tell me the star rating, phone number, and postcode for that location
Acorn Guest House is a 4 star establishment located at 154 chesterton road with postcode cb41da and phone number 01223353888. Can i assist you any further? 
I would like to book a room at that hotel. Can you go ahead and book that for me.
Sure. I need a little information first. How many guests will this be for?
Actually I don't need a reservation. Could you just give me the star rating, phone and postcode?
Sure, the Acorn House is a lovely 4 star phone is 01223353888 and postcode is cb41da, anything else?
That's all I need for today.  Thanks for your help!
Thanks, that is all for today!
I need a moderately priced restaurant in the south of Cambridge
I have two restaurants in the south. They serve italian or modern european.  Would you like information on either of those?
No, I was hoping to eat some South African food.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sorry, not sure I follow.  Can you recommend a south african food restaurant?  Thanks.  
Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve South African food but I can look for other types of cuisines if you want.
Modern European will be fine.  Can you reserve a table at one please?
Yes, I will book you a table now.
Thank you. I need it for 4 people at 12:15 on Saturday
I was able to book a table for two at restaurant alimentum located in the south your reference number is 70K7T35N. Is there anything else I can help with? 
No that will be all thank you.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
Hi, I'd like to book a taxi leaving from Archway House, please.
What is your destination and what time would you like to leave?
My destination is saigon city and I need it to leave after 10:45.
Ok expect a Red Tesla at 10:50. Their number is 07532982082.
Okay perfect. Thank you!
You are welcome, can I help you with any thing else?
No thank you. I am all set!
Alright great! Have a nice day!
I need hotel tips, can you help?
I definitely can help with that. Do you have a price range in mind?
No, price doesn't really matter.  I do prefer 4 stars though, and free parking.
I'm sorry. It appears that there are no four star hotels in Cambridge with free parking. Can I help with something else?
Could you look again, 4 star and free wifi, does not need to be hotel can be any room. 
I am still getting no results. How else may I help you?
Um really? There is no 4 star accommodations with free parking in all of Cambridge? I have a hard time believing that.
Sorry, there aren't any. Could I check for something else?
Are there any places to stay that offer free wifi?
I'm sorry, there really are none that match your criteria. Are you sure you don't want to lower your star rating?
What about with wifi and no parking?
I apologize, we actually have 19 options matching your query. Do you have a preference for price range?
I don't have a price in mind.  As long as it has free wifi and parking, I just need the name, area, and type please
The acorn guest house is a guesthouse	in the north. May I help with anything else ?
I am looking for the saint catharine's college
I found that info st catharines college is located at kings parade, has free entrance and its phone number is 012233338300. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to go between the guesthouse and the college. I want to leave the college by 07:30.
Your taxi is booked, look for a blue ford, phone number is 07891245613, any other questions?
That is everything. Thank you for your help.
Okay, have a great time in town!
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the town centre?
There are many high class restaurants in town centre, is there a particular cuisine you'd prefer?
I was thinking maybe trying something european. 
Eraina is an expensive European restaurant in the city centre, would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great! Can I book a talbe for 7 people at 17:30 on Wednesday?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 0UD63QC0. Can I assist you with anything else today.
No, that's it.  Thanks.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
I would like an expensive room, in the East. 
I can recommend the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Does it have free parking? And is it a 2 star hotel? Because that is what I'm looking for.
Yes it is.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Please.  Could you please book it for 1 person starting Thursday for 4 nights
I'm sorry, that booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to find another hotel?
Yes, are there any other hotels in the same price range?
No that is the only hotel in that price range. It there anything else?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Okay, I can help you with that. Where are you heading in from?
I am actually looking for places to go. Specifically, I would like to find a park.
There are some lovely parks in Cambridge, and most are free. Do you have a preference for what area of town the park is in?
In the south, I will also need the postcode of the park. 
I'd recommend wandlebury country park, their postcode is cb223ae. Will that be all?
I'm going to need a train too, is that something you can help me do?
Yes. I need more information about your trip first though.
what do you want to know?
Where will you be going?
to cambridge on sunday from london kings cross, I need 7 tickets and the reference number
Do you have a departure time or arrival time that you'd like to narrow the results down with?
I just need it to arrive before 20:45
TR1688 leaves at 13:17 and arrives 14:08.  Is that acceptable?
Is there any other trains?
TR1681 is probably the best one for you. It arrives at 20:08. 
Great, thanks! Will you please book 7 tickets, and send me the reference number?
You're all set. Your total is 132.16 GBP. You can pay that at the station. Your Reference number is : GNNG4MNQ. Can I assist you with anything else?
Nope, that's everything for today thank you. Have a great day!
Thanks, have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
I would like to book a popular, cheap restaurant.
Do you have a specific area in mind?
I'm sorry I need to find the information for Parkside Police Station.
Sure, the telephone number is 01223358966, the address is Parkside, Cambridge and the postcode is CB11JG.
That was all. Thanks
Please let us know if we can help any further. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the south, and I'd like cheaper options please.
I've found the rosa's bed and breakfast which is a cheap guesthouse in the South. Would that work for you?
Does it have a star of 4? 
Yes it does.
Great. Do they also offer free wifi?
They sure do. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, that's ok. Could you just give me the address and postcode and please let me know if they have free parking?
They're located at 53 Roseford Road in postcode cb22ha. And yes, they do offer free parking.
I am also looking for international food that is in the cheaper price range.
We have one restaurant that matches your needs, it's The Missing Rock in the east area. Would you like me to book for you?
No thank you- please just give me the address and phone number.
The address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road, and the phone number is 01223812660.
Do you see a Chinese restaurant in the same area as the hotel?
Sure!  I have three options for Chinese food in the south with both cheap and expensive price ranges.  What price range did you want for this restaurant?
There are going to be a lot of us, so something cheap would be best.
Your best choice would be The Lucky Star, which is on Cambridge Leisure Park. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes for 7 people for 17:45 on a Monday.
I apologize but I was unable to book your party for that time.  Would you like to try a different time slot or a different day?
Can we make the reservation an hour later?
I'm sorry, that booking was unsuccessful, too. Would you like to try another time?
Yes how about for 16:45?
I have your table booked. The reference number is : GI0NB9LA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful thank you.
Let us know if we may help further. Thank you, good bye. 
I need to take a train out of cambridge after 19:00 please.
how about the TR1006 , it leaves at 19:00.
I need to travel on tuesday to london kings cross.
TR4125 leaves cambridge for london kings cross on tuesday at 19:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please for 6 people. 
The booking was successful. Your reference number is EZNVJAPG. The cost is 141.6 pounds. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant. I believe it's called Curry Prince.
I have found the restaurant; would you like for me to book a table for you?
Yes, I would like it the same day at 14:00. I would also like the reference number from the train and restaurant please.
confirm # for the train is EZNVJAPG. How many for the reservation please?
The restaurant is for six as well.  
Your reservation for 6 people at the curry prince for tuesday at 14:00 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZDGUJIVY.
Ok thank you! That is all I need.
Is there anything else that you would like?
No,that's all. Thank you
Thank you for using our services. Have a wonderful day!
Yes, I need information on the restaurant Ali Baba.
Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the center of town. Their phone number is 01462432565.
Great, thanks. Could you book me a table for 1 on Saturday at 19:00?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 90ESSCNA. Anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you.
Thank you, have a good day!
Hi.  I need to find a hotel, can you help me?
Yes, where would you like to stay and in what price range?
I would like to stay in the northern area. I don't have a specific price range, but the hotel doesn't need to have the internet. 
I have several hotels and guesthouses available. Do you have a preference? 
I prefer a hotel.
There are two hotels to choose from. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. Both are moderately priced and have wifi and parking. 
How much is each hotel?
They are each moderately priced.  I don't have any more specific information.
Pick one for me. Book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from wednesday.
I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is CPBUEMWR. It is located at 365 Milton Road in the north. Their phone number is 01223350059.
I am also looking for a train departing from cambridge that is going to london kings cross. 
Which day would you like to leave on?
I'd like to leave on Monday after 8:30. 
Sure, the first train to london kings cross leaves at 9:00. Shall I book it for you, if so for how many people?
just one person please.
Booking was successful on TR7409, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GSY1O89D. Can I be of any further assistance? 
That's all I need today, thanks! 
No problem.  Enjoy your travels!
I am looking for a train departing Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge.
I can definitely help with that. There are a lot of trains to choose from. Did you have a travel day and time in mind?
I would like to leave on Sunday sometime after 15:15. 
TR4651 departs at 15:29 and arrives at 16:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, two tickets please. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station. The Reference number is: SDRN9BTG.
Great, thanks. I am also looking for a hotel in town. I would need free wifi, but I don't care about parking.
How about a and b guest house?
I am looking for something in the 2 star range. Is that 2 stars?
The A and B actually has 4 stars. There are 3 accommodations with 2 stars, though. They are all hotels, rather than guesthouses. Would one of those be to your liking?
Yes, please.  A hotel with 2 stars with free wifi is fine.  
There are three choices. Would you like a list or to make a reservation at the top choice?
Which one is the best that offers free wifi and free parking and can I get their address please?
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is in the expensive range and offers free wifi and free parking, would you like me to make a reservation for this hotel?
No reservation at this time but I would like the address please.
The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Can I help you find anything else today?
That should be all for today.  Thank you. 
Thank you for using our system!
Do you know of any moderately priced restaurants in the north part of town? I'll need the address and phone number.
The Golden Wok is located at 191 histon road Chesterton. It's phone number is 01223350688.
Thank you good bye. 
Enjoy your stay, good bye.
I'm looking for a train on Sunday that leaves after 17:15.
What are your departure and arrival destinations?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and heading to stansted airport.
Ok there are 7 choices. Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive at your destination?
not really, it just needs to leave after 17:15.
There are plenty of choices starting at 17:40 and leaving every hour onwards. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, book it for 7 people at 17:40
Booking was made, ref number is 6QWLFWW5! Do you need anything more?
thats all, see ya!
have a safe trip, bye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
What would you like to see while there?
I would like to go to an entertainment venue in the centre of town.
Unfortunately, I have many in other area but nothing in the centre. Can I look up something else for you? 
How about a college then. I will need the address and phone number.
There are 13 churches in the centre. How about christi's college? The address is saint andrew's street.
Ok that will work. Can I get their phone number please? 
Okay the phone number is 01223334900.
Thank you. I also need information on a train.
I'd be happy to help, where are you leaving from?
I need to leave London Liverpool Street on Thursday and get to Cambridge by 11:30.
There are four trains that match your request. What time would you like to leave?
I do not care about departure time. I would like you to get me one ticket. 
You have been booked for the TR3839. It leaves Thursday at 05:39 and cost 16.60 lbs.  Can I do anything else for you?
That is all, thank you for your help.
Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I will be visting in North Cambridge and would like to spend sometime at the pool, are there any in the area?
We have two pools located in the north area.  Jesus Green Outdoor pool and Kings Hedges Learner pool.  Would you like any additional information on either of these options?
What is the phone number, address and fee for the Green Outdoor Pool?
The phone number is 01223302579 and post code cb43px. I do not have information about the entrance fee, you may want to call them directly.
What is the address?
It is between victoria road and the river.  Is there anything else that I can do for you? 
Yes, I would like to book a train leaving from Broxbourne on Monday and arriving in Cambridge by 12:45.
The train closest to your requested arrival time is TR9199, leaving Broxbourne at 10:32, arriving Cambridge at 11:32. Would you like to book a ticket on this train?
If you could just tell me how much the tickets are that would be fine.
17.90 pounds, what else will you need me to help you with?
That was all the info I needed today, thank you!
You are welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a moderate priced place to stay with free wifi.
What day will you be arriving at the hotel and how long are you staying? 
I am not sure what day, I am just researching now. I would like to have a 4 star hotel. Are there any options?
I have about 11 guesthouses that are available. Do you have a preference as far as area? 
I do not have a preference on area.
I can suggest the avalon located in the north it is moderately priced with 4 stars. Would you like to make reservations?
does it have wifi?
It does have wifi! Will you need parking as well? 
Nope, that isn't important. Can you book it for 1 person for 3 nights starting on Thursday please?
Okay, I've booked you at the Avalon. Your reference number is  ZG7G439M. Can I further assist you?
Yes, I need a train to peterbourough on Sunday.
There are several trains to Peterborough on Sunday. Where are you departing from and do you have a time in mind?
I am looking for information in Cambridge, looking for a train
OK, I can set you up.  Will you be coming to or from cambridge?  I could also use a date and time.
I am headed into Cambridge from Leicester. 
Ok, and what day do you want to travel?
arrive by 10:15 and should leave on sunday and book it for 2 people thank you 
Train TR0440 will get you to Cambridge by 09:54. I will book it for you. Your total fee is 60.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 1YRU0L1Z.
I also need the name and number for an expensive restaurant in the city center.
Ok.  There are 33 options to choose from.  Are you interested in a particular type of food?
Yes expensive Korean food.
Little Seoul is an expensive Korean restaurant located in the centre. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes, please book a table.
Okay, for how many people and what time?
for 2 peopl  at 18:15 on sunday
Okay perfect. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XSMICBEN. Anything else? 
No. That is all for today. Thank you.
OKay great it was a pleasure working with you today. 
I've got to run so I'm not late for work. Thanks. Goodbye. 
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge with free parking.
There are 8 hotels that include parking. Is there a specific area or price range that you would like to stay in?
No, although I would like them to include free wifi as well.
I have several options. How about the Ashley hotel? It's in the north. 
That will be fibne,I need you to book it for me
Ok, I need some information to complete your booking.  What day will you arrive?
Any day is fine after 7:45. 
How many days will you be staying?
Lets not book the hotel. Can you help find me a train departing from Norwich to Cambridge on Saturday that leaves after 19:45?
Shall I go ahead and book you for train TR0615? 
Yes, for 4 people please.
Your train is booked and the total fee is 56.32 and the reference number is FW5RK2C9. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, can I get the area for the hotel as well please. Just wonder what part of town it's in?
The Ashley hotel is in the north area. What else can I do for you?
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help!
The booking was successful! Enjoy your trip. 
Would you help me find a nearby hospital please? I've been injured and need medical attention.
Addenbrookes Hospital is nearby. The telephone is 01223245151 and the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge,CB20QQ
Thank you, that was everything I needed.
You're welcome. I hope you get to feeling better. 
I hope so. Thanks, again. Goodbye.
You are more than welcome. 
I am looking for a restaurant.
Is there a price range or type of food that you would prefer?
Not sure of that, I am looking for a restaurant named "ask."
That is an Italian restaurant located in the centre of town.  It is at 12 Bridge Street.  Can I call and reserve a table for you?
I would like to book a table for 5 people on Sunday at 14:15
I am afraid that booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes, a different restaurant in the same area and with the same price range. 
Yes there are 15 restaurants that are a similar price range. Did you still want Italian?
Type of food doesn't matter. Which is the best one? I'll book that.
Your reservation is at the Dojo Noodle Bar at Millers Yard.  The reference number is W87AKIBY and the table will be held for 15 minutes.  Is that all?
That is all. Thank you!
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your dining experience.
I'm looking for a restaurant that offers British food in a moderate price range, can you help me with that?
Yes I have many in the center of town and on in the west. Do you have a preference for area?
Let's try the west.
I have one in the west called Saint Johns Chop House. Would you like  a reservation here?
For now, can I just get the phone number and postcode?
Their number is 01223353110. Postcode is cb30ad.
Thanks, that's everything I need.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo Centre.
I'm looking for a Swedish restaurant, preferably in the expensive price range.
I am sorry.  There are no Swedish restaurants in this city.  Is there another type of restaurant you would like me to help you find?
mediterranean food.
There are 3 restaurants that serve mediterranean food.  What price range are you looking for?
I prefer the expensive price range.
la mimosa serves mediterranean food and is in the expensive price range.  their phone number is 01223 362525 and they are located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. 
Thank you. Goodbye. 
You're welcome, thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Sunday. Can you help me with this?
Where will you be leaving from?
I'm leaving from london kings cross.
What time would you like to depart or arrive at the destination?
It should depart after 12:45.
TR1688 leaves at 13:17. Do you want to book?
Yes please. There are 6 of us travelling. 
I made those reservations for you.  The reference number is 8GTTH4FF.
I'm also looking for aylesbray lodge guest house.
Found it! It's in the south with free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, the six of us will stay for four nights starting Sunday.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
When you finish booking our room, can I get the reference number please? 
Absolutely, your reference number is 54V4V1BM.
Thanks very much, that's all I needed help with.
Thank you for contacting us, let us know if we can assist you any further. Have a great day!
I am looking to visit a museum in Cambridge.
There are 23 museums in Cambridge, can you tell me an area you are wanting to visit the museum in?
How about in the centre of town? Whats available there? 
I have many options. Are you perchance able to narrow it own by museum type
No, anything that you would recommend would be great.  I just need a phone number that I can call.  
Broughton house gallery	looks good their number is 01223314960
Thank you. I'm also looking for a train from london kings cross to cambridge on wednesday to arrive by 8:15. Is there anything available then?
TR5725 departs at 05:17 and arrives at 06:08 so you will have plenty of time. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Please book for 5 people.
I got you booked for 5 people then on TR5725. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. thank you for making the train reservations
You're welcome have a great day!
Thank you, have a nice day as well.
You're quite welcome. Enjoy Cambridge!
Hello I am looking for a college, can you help me?
There are 18 colleges in the city.  Are you looking for one in particular?
Do you have any in the centre?
There are 5 located in the centre. Would you prefer one that is free?
Sure! Which one do you recommend?
I love Downing College over on regent street. 
What is the phone number and postcode for that one?  
The postcode is cb21dq and they can be reached at 01223334860. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Could I get the complete address please?
Sure, the complete address for downing college is regent street post code cb21dq. May I assist with anything else? 
No, you have helped me.  Thank you!
Great. I hope you enjoy your visit. Call us back if you need further assistance. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train Norwich.
Was that a train arriving or departing from Norwich?
No I would like to go to norwich. I will be departing from cabridge and would like to leave on saturday. Thank you.
There are 19 trains that day. What time do you need to depart and/or arrive?
Leaving Cambridge on Saturday. I need to book for 4 people, and I'll also need the reference number please.
Alrighty, I booked a train from cambridge to norwich on saturday leaving at 5:36 and arriving at 6:55. Your total is 56.32 GBP and reference number is MX50BQU1. 
Thank you!!  Can you also find a good museum in town for us?
We have many museums in town! What area will you be in?
i will be in the norwich area.
I'm sorry, I meant what area of Cambridge (north, south, east, west, centre)?
Let me have the phone number of the museum closest to the train station?
The phone number of Byard Art is 01223464646
Great that's all the info I need, thank you for your help.
You are quite welcome. Please enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel in the north.
Yes, there are 33 hotels that meet your requests. Some of them offer parking or free internet as well. 
Any listings for a guesthouse?
I have 5, all located in the north and all are gueshouses. How many will I booking for and when?
I would like it for 5 people and 2 nights starting from Friday.
I was able to get a guesthouse for you at arbury lodge for friday. Your reference number is HV8FJQJU.
Thank you for booking it,that is all I need.
Have a good stay. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Good bye.
I am wanting to book a train arriving in Stevenage by 19:15. Can you help me?
Certainly, where will you be departing from and what time would you like to leave?
I will be leaving cambridge on Thursday.
TR1165 arrives at 18:10 and departs at 17:21.
That sounds good. What is the travel time for that train? 
TR4765 seems to be a better match for what you're looking for, it arrives by 18:10 and total travel time is 49 minutes. Would you like to book a ticket?
No need to book a ticket. I can take care of that later. But thank you. Have a nice night!
You as well! Thank you! 
Are there trains leaving Cambridge after 18:15?
Yes. Can you help me narrow down the choices with a day to leave and destination?
I'm looking for one that goes to Stevenage on Saturday.
I have a train leaving at 19:21 and arriving at 20:10, if that works.
Yes, can you book three tickets on it, please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.72 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : S74F7IZS.
Great! Can you help me find a cheap restaurant that serves the americas food?
I do not show any restaurants that fit that criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I just need something with American food. 
I have found Gourmet Burger Kitchen, they serve north American food, although they are expensive. Would you be interested in booking here? 
No thank you, I am just gathering information for now
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I have the address for the restaurant. 
Absolutely!  The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is located on Regent Street.  Would you like the phone number?  Or anything else?
If there's no cheap American food restaurant, can you recommend a cheap restaurant that serves Chinese food?
Certainly, there's Charlie Chan in the centre area that serves cheap Chinese food. Would you like more information or to book it?
We need to find a guesthouse of moderate price.
I can help you with that.  Do you have any special area you would like to stay?  Or possibly a star request for the guesthouse?
I would like it to have a 3 star rating. 
The Bridge Guest House is a 3 star guesthouse. It is in the south area. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please, for four people.
How many people is the reservation for?
Four. Two nights. Beginning Saturday.
I am afraid that booking is unsuccessful. Would you like a different day or amount of days?
How about 1 night?  Would that work?
This booking is successful for 1 night. Your reference number is 85BGKWO4. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all. Thank you!
Great, have a pleasant stay.  Bye.
I'm looking for a train leaving from Broxbourne on Tuesday. 
There are many to choose from. Where are you going and what day would you like to travel?
I am going to Cambridge. I would like the train to leave on Tuesday after 08:15.
Do you have an arrival time in mind?
Any arrival time is fine, can you give me an arrival time and travel time?
The travel time is 1 hour.  There's a train leaving at 08:32 and arriving at 9:32, will that be acceptable?
Yes that's fine. I am looking for something to do for entertainment, any attractions you could tell me about?
Yes, there are quite a few attractions. What type of entertainment are you looking for?
I am looking for either a theater, zoo, fair, or concert. What are the entrance fee's for each?
The Man on the Moon concerthall is on Norfolk Street, but it does not list an entrance fee.  That seems to be the only thing you would like.
I think that is all I need for now. Thanks, bye. 
Your welcome. Have a great night!
Yes, could you please tell me about the Alpha-Milton guest house?
Certainly, it is a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse on the northend. It doesn't offer free wifi or parking. Would you like the phone number or address?
Do you know what the price would be for a 5 night stay for 1 person starting Thursday?
It is in the moderate price range.  If you would like me to book it for you, I can give you a price then.
Yes can you please book me for a 5 night stay for 1 person starting Thursday?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Is there another hotel in the same price range available at that time? 
The Acorn Guest House is available and meets the same criteria.  I have booked it for you.  Your reservation number is LI4HVTBM.
Perfect that will work for me thanks so much.
Thank you for using our system!
I need a place to stay in the north in the moderate price range if you could help me. 
Acorn Guesthouse offers moderate pricing in the North. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes. Please book it. 
What day will you be arriving? 
I need the booking for 6 people, for 2 nights beginning on Thursday.
Okay, the booking was successful. Confirmation code is KNHD4Q79.
Also I need a train to Cambridge to depart Norwich at 8:30 on Tuesday. I need the train ID too.
Of course, train TR4134 will be leaving Norwich at 9:16, would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need the train ID. Thanks.
Okay, the train ID is TR4134. Anything else today?
No that was all I needed. I appreciate your help.
I am glad to be of service! Bye for now!
hello can i find a place that serves chinese food and has expensive price range for my family
I've found several restaurants meeting your criteria. Is there a specific area of town you're looking for?
i want a restuarant that i can book a table for four people on monday 1300hrs
I have found Yu Garden in the East. Would you like me to go ahead and book that?
Yes, please. for 4 people at 13:00 on monday.
I was unable to book there, shall i try another time or place?
How about Tuesday, same time.
Your table is booked for Tuesday and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is  47ELJDK0. Anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
Thank you, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge, looking for a place to dine.
I can help with that. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
turkish is really good to me
We have three options available. Two are moderately priced while one is expensive. Do you have a preference?
I prefer the moderately priced. Kindly book a table for 5 people for me for Saturday by 18:00.
A table at Anatolia has been booked. The reference number is 4CKLSLAJ. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train that leaves on sunday from birmingham new street.
What is the destination, time you want to leave and arrival time?
I need to leave Sunday from Cambridge and travel to Birmingham New Street, arriving before 17:45.
Train TR2236 arrives by 17: 23, should I book that?
No thank you, what time does the train leave Cambridge? 
Sorry, there was an error earlier. The train you want is TR4905, leaving Cambridge at 15:01 and arriving Birmingham at 17:44.
How long is the journey between the two places?
The travel time is 163 minutes. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please make a booking.
How many people will be travelling?
I need five tickets. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 300.39 GBP payable at the station.
Great, thank you. Is there a confirmation number? 
YEs its littlelamb5. THanks
Thanks for all your help today.  I think that's it.
Glad to have been of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am looking to stay in a guesthouse with a 4 star rating.
There are many moderately priced guesthouses. In which area of town would you like to stay?
I will trust you to pick me a great one anywhere in the city as long as it is a 4 star guesthouse that includes wifi.
My preference would be Arbury Lodge guesthouse. They're in the north, moderately priced, with a 4 star rating and free Internet. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great thank you.
Which day and for how long will you be staying?
There will be 2 of us, and we're hoping to arrive on Thursday and stay for 3 nights.
Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes can you please?
Okay your booking is confirmed and your reservation number is VVJWU2MQ.
I also need a train to bishops stortford on friday.
Alright and where are you departing from and do you have specific arrival or departure times in mind?
I'm departing from Cambridge and want to leave after 17:45.
TR5965 leaves at 19:29 and costs 10.10 pounds per seat.  Can I buy a ticket for you?
no thanks. i just needed the information. thanks. bye. 
You're welcome, have a nice day.
I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse in Cambridge.
I have 18 results that match your request. To help narrow it down, what part of town would you like to stay in? Do you have a price range preference?
The hotel also needs to be cheap and have free wifi.
There are 7 hotels that meet that criteria. Do you have an area preference?
Do any of these 7 have free wifi?
They all have free wifi. 
Any of them will do.  I'll book a room in whichever one you think is best.
The alexander bed and breakfast is in the center of town, would you like help with the booking?
That would be great.  Two nights please.
What day would you be arriving on and for how many people?
Let's try 5 nights, starting Friday, with 2 people. 
I have confirmed your reservation at alexander bed and breakfast starting Friday for 5 nights. Your reference number is K67RS8EB. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for something to do during my stay. I'd like it to be around the centre area. 
I have many choices: theater, colleges, museums, architecture. Do any of these venues interest you?
Are there any colleges in the centre of town that have free admission?
Yes certainly. We have several. Christ College is a good choice.
That would be fine. Can you confirm the entrance fee?
Christ's College offers free admission.
Fantastic.  I have all of the information I needed, thank you.  Have a great day.
Glad to have been able to assist you. Thank you and have a great day.
Hello! I would like to go to a restaurant in the east, please.
There are nine restaurants in the east. Do you want a certain price range?
Moderate price please
I have two Indian Restaurants and one Italian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
I would like to try the Italian one. What is the restaurant's name, please?
It is Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.
Can i get the address, postcode too, please?
The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58wr. Anything else?
Thanks a lot that would be all.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Hi, I'm looking for information on the Alexander Bed and Breakfast please?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the centre of town. It has internet and parking.
Excellent. Can I get the postal code for this hotel please?
The postcode is cb12de.  Would you like me to book a room?
no, not now but will also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of nightclub and should be in the west
There are no nightclubs in that area.
How about a museum?
We have several in the area. I would recommend the museum of classical archaeology. It's a free attraction located on sidgwick avenue.
What is the entry fee?
It's absolutely free to get in!  Is there anything else I can help you with?  
Yes, I need the phone number and postcode please.
The museum's phone number is 01223335153, and the post code is cb39da. May I assist you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the museum. I need to leave the hotel by 11:30
I booked your taxi. It is going to be a red Volkswagen. The contact number is 07550911572.
Thank you. That's all I needed today.
Great. Thanks for using our service!
I'd like to find a place that I can get some Northern European food.
Unfortunately, I was unable to find a restaurant that serves northern European food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, what about a restaurant that serves modern european food?
i have several, can you be mores specific on price and area please?
I am looking for the moderate price range, the area doesn't matter.
How about de luca cucina and bar?
Does that serve modern european food?
The de luca cucina and bar serves modern european food. 
What's the post code and phone number of de luca cucina?
The post code is cb21aw and the phone number is 01223356666. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all. Thanks for you help.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a nice museum? I need to plan my trip to Cambridge.
There are several museums in town. What area are you interested in visiting?
The area doesn't matter, please just send me the address, entrance fee, and postcode for the most popular museum in the city.
My favorite is the Broughton House Gallery. They're at 98 King Street, cb11ln, and it's free to get in.
Wonderful! Can you also recommend a restaurant in the east for me?
Was there a type of cuisine you wanted to have?
Nope, I am open to anything.  Just something good.
There are 356 restaurants can you narrow it down ?
Okay, I'm looking for a restaurant that is in the East with an expensive price range. Will that work? 
What kind of food would you like today?
Any kind of food is fine. I would need to book for 8 people at 19:30 on Friday, please. Also, can I have the reference number?
I would recommend  the Royal Standard a cool gastropub. Will that work? 
Yes, please complete the booking with the specifications I mentioned in the previous turn
I've completed the booking, your reference number is HNO1RKPN. Anything else?
That is all I need today. Thank you.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Please I want to book an expensive restaurant. First however help me find a place to go in town. Is there a nice park?
Yes there are 5 parks to visit, would you prefer one in the north, south, east, or in town centre?
It doesn't really matter, just whatever you recommend.
Milton County Park in the north is free and my humble suggestion.
Could I please have the postcode and area to Milton County Park? 
The postcode is cb46az and the area is north. 
Are there any restaurants that serve Romanian food in the centre of town?
I'm sorry, there are no Romanian restaurants in the centre. Care to try a different cuisine?
What about Indian food?
There are 5 restaurants that serve indian food in the centre. Any specific price range?
Any of the restaurants is fine. But, can I get a postcode and price range for the one you choose please. 
The Golden Curry is expensive and delicious. The postcode is cb12az. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, thank you. But can you book a taxi from the restaurant to the park?
Yes, do you have a time in mind?
I just need to be leaving the restaurant by 06:15.
I have successfully booked you a White Audi. Would you like their contact number?
Yes, I would like their contact number please.
The contact number for the taxi is 07629467335. Would you like help with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need. Thanks a bunch!
You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the north area.
There are 11 available. Would you like to further search by price range and number of stars?
That would need helpful yes, however I need the hotel to also offer free parking!
I have found 9 guesthouses fitting this criteria. Do you have a preference on price or stars?
Yes, please tell me the star ratings. 
The majority of guesthouses available in the North have four stars, with the exception of one guesthouse with 3 stars and one guesthouse with 0 stars.
I would like a place in the North part of town, and its phone number. I also need a restaurant in the same area that is expensive. 
Let's get your table booked first please. How about Chinese? The Hakka has great cuisine.
I am actually looking to eat lebanese food.
I'm sorry there are no results for lebanese food in the north that are expensive. Would you like to try another area, or a different cuisine?
How about Chinese then?
There are 2 expensive chinese restaurants in the north. The Hakka is located at Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please, can I get a phone number, address, and reference number?
Hakka is located at Milton Road Chesterton, cb41jy. The phone number is 01223568988. Can I help with anything else today?
Hi, I'd like to book a train leaving from Birmingham New Street and arriving in Cambridge. 
When will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Sunday, and need to arrive by 10:00.
The train that will arrive closest to your preferred time is TR9637. It arrives in Cambridge at 09:23. Does that work for you?
Yes that works great can I have the departure time?
It leaves at 06:40. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes and I need a place to stay in the east and a 4 star 
I want to confirm you want to book one seat on the train, is this correct?
Actually, I'll book it myself, thanks, but I would like to book a guesthouse as well.
I have 24 guesthouse. Is there a certain side of town or price range you have in mind?
I would like a moderately priced guesthouse please. 
There are three 4-star guesthouses in the east in your price-range. Will you need free parking?
No, that's not really necessary. What are my 3 choices for guesthouses? 
I have the A and B Guest House, the Carolina Bed and Breakfast, and lastly the Warkworth House. The only difference between them is the A&B has no free parking.
I'll take the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Can I book for 1 person for 5 nights starting from the same day? Let me know the reference number please.
sure, I have booked it foe you. Reference number is : HD6BM9RU.
Thank you, that's all I needed today!
Enjoy the rest of your day, and your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking to stay at the Lovell Lodge hotel and to see the areas local attractions. 
I can definitely help you with that.  First let's book the hotel.  When were you wanting to stay? 
The booking is for 5 people staying four nights from Saturday .
Would you like me to book that now?
Yes please book that for me. 
Okay. I have reservations for 5 people starting on Saturday and staying for 4 days at the Lovell Lodge. The reference number is UPYAJTEP. 
Thank you.  I have another request.  I am looking to find out more information on the Soul Tree Night Club.
This nightclub is located in the centre of town and has an entrance fee of 4 pounds.  Is there any other information that I can provide you with?
No, that's all I need for now.  Thanks for your help!
Your welcome, Have a great day
Can you recommend a restaurant to me in the South part of town?  I don't want to spend a lot of money.
What type of food are you looking for?
The type of food doesn't matter to me.
Two results with cheap price range in the south area of town. One is Nandos which is Portuguese food. The other is The Lucky Star, which is Chinese food.
Is there anything else?
The Lucky Star is a Chinese restaurant that is cheap and on the South side of town.
What is the phone number? 
The phone number of The Lucky Star is 01223 244277.
That will be good. Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a train for birmngham new street from cambridge 
I can help you with that. First, a few more details. Do you have a particular day and time frame you wish to travel?
I would like to leave monday after 08:30.
There is a train leaving at 09:01 for Birmingham New Street on Monday, would you like me to book that for you?
Yep thats great whats the arrival time on that train?
That would be train TR1162 and the arrival time to Birmingham New Street is 11:44. Would you be needing any tickets? 
Yes, that would be great. I am also looking for a place to stay, could you help me with that?
We have plenty of option. Any place in particular?
It needs to be two stars and a type of hotel. Expensive price range and free parking.
There is one hotel that meets your requirements. It is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge in the eat part of town. It does have free internet and parking. 
Great! I would like to make a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights, beginning on Friday. Is that possible?
Great! You're booked with reference number UJ60O9BF. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that was everything I needed.  Thank you for your help.
I'm happy to help. Have a nice day. Bye. 
I'm looking for an indian restaurant in the south area of town. 
which price range are you looking for? 
I don't care. What have you found?
There is Taj Tandoori. Would you like the information?
Yes, please. phone number and address
Their phone number is 01223 412299 and their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Thank you. Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking to find Addenbrookes Hospital please.
They are at Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ
Do you have a driver who can take me there?
Sure, where are you departing from?
Actually, can you please give me the phone number?
Their general number is 01223245151.  Do you need anything else?
Could you give me the address and postcode please?
They are at Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ. 
Ah, OK, yeah you said that earlier. Sorry, I got distracted by the car thing but my friend said he could give me a lift. Thanks for everything.
Do you need any further assistance?
No that was all. Thanks
Thank you for using our services.
I want to find a place in town to visit called Jesus Green Outdoor Pool.
Hello. Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is in the north area between Victoria Rd. and the River. Call 01223302579 to find more about costs.
Sounds good! Do you happen to know what attraction type it is? 
It is a swimmingpool
now I need a chinese place to eat
There are a wide variety of Chinese restaurants in the city. Do you have a preference on where it is or the price range?
I would like an expensive restaurant.
I have 9 options for you, any particular area of town you want to dine in?
Yes it needs to be in the centre. Can you book me a table for 6 people at 17:45 on Friday?
How does Ugly Duckling sound? 
Yes.  Please book it.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FUCDLRG3.
Thanks, that's all for today. Goodbye.
Do you need anymore info?
I want something to entertain me in town. What do you have?
I have 5 venues that meet what you asked. Did you have a certain area you wanted?
Nothing in particular. Something with high reviews. Can you send me the address of the top choice?
The Funky Fun House it is. They're located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate.
Thanks - I am also looking for a european restaurant in the city centre.
I've got eight European restaurants in that area, is there a price range you want to narrow it down to?
I prefer the moderate price range.
Galleria is a very popular restaurant in the moderate range. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
That sounds awesome.  Can I get a reservation for 8 people on Monday at 13:15 please?
You are all set!  Reference number T1XD3AL9.  Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to get from the fun house to the restaurant by the reservation time, please.
What time would you like to arrive and leave?
I need to arrive by 13:15 at the restaurant.
Your booking is set, look for a white tesla, the driver can be reached at 07195481279, anything else that I can assist with?
Um... that should be everything.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great evening. Goodbye. 
I need a place to stay with free wifi.
Ok, I have several hotels. Any particular location?
Location doesn't really matter as long as there's free parking available.
I have several available. What is your price range?
Between $100-$300 per night.
How about the Gonville Hotel located in the centre area of town? 
What is their postcode?
Their postcode is cb11Iy, address gonville place, phone 0122336661 they have wifi and free parking too. Would you like me to book this for you?
Where should I go?
I'd love to help.  Are you looking for an attraction?
Yes are there any churches ?
Yes there are many churches, what area of town are you looking for a church in?
In the centre of town please, and can you tell me the entrance fee?
Unfortunately, there are no churches in the centre of town.  Is there another area of town that I can check for you?
No thank you. Are there any museums? I will need the entrance fee for those please. 
I have 11 museums. I can recommend the primavera. It is free. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes!  Can you help me book a hotel room?
Sure! What sort of amenities are you looking for?
I'd like info on bridge guest house. I need 5 nights for 8 people starting saturday. Can you book and give me a reference number please?
Reservations for 8 arriving on Saturday and staying 5 days. Your Reference number is : IDXPOR2N. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No you've been very helpful. Thank you for as assisting me.
You're welcome, have a great day.
I need a  hotel that is in the expensive price range. That has a 3 star rating.
gonville hotel is a nice hotel that I can book for you. 
Can I check if it has free wifi?
It sure does! WOuld you like to book a room?
Yes, for 6 people. 2 nights, starting from saturday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : P16VJZDH.
Thank you. That is all for today. Goodbye
My pleasure, enjoy your stay.
I need to take a train from cambridge on thursday.
Okay and where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to bishops stortford and need to leave after 12:00. 
The TR0927 leaves at 13:29. Would that work for you?
That will work fine.
Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. I am looking for a place to stay though. What 3 star hotels do you have available?
I have 6 three star hotels available, what price range are you looking for?
Price range doesn't matter, I'd like free wifi though.
Do you want the hotel to be in a certain part of town?
Not really, can you recommend your favorite?
The gonville hotel gets rave reviews. It is in the centre of town in the expensive price range. Do you want me to book it?
I'm sorry can you tell me the price and arrival time on the train? 
Train TR0927 will being leaving 13:29 and arrive at 14:07. Any thing else I can help you with?
How much is the train?
10.10 pounds is the price for train TR0927
I will also need a guesthouse.
I have three guesthouses with a 3 star rating. All have parking and wifi. Do you prefer the north, south, or west?
Any will do. I need it for 6 people.
How long is your stay, for how many people please?
I just told you I need it for 6 people. And it'll be for 3 nights.
Bridge guest house is the best choice for you. Do you want me to book it?  
Yes for monday. I will be staying one night.
I am sorry, I am confused. Do you need the reservation for 6 people for 3 nights or for 1 person for 1 night?
I need it for 6 people for 3 nights starting monday.
I have made that reservation for you. Your reference number is 3HUEDEZP.
Please book for 6 people staying for 3 nights starting on Monday. Sorry for the conflicting info.
I have made that reservation for you. Is there anything else I can help with?
No. Thank you for helping me with the train and guesthouse. It saved me time. Goodbye.
I am happy to help you. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
So, I need a guesthouse with free parking. 
There are 21 guesthouses with free parking. Is there a particular area or price range you'd like to look at?
Yes, I would like it to be in the south and in the moderate range please.
I have two options. The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and the Bridge Guest House. Both offer free wifi and parking. Can I help arrange a room for you?
Yes, that would be great. I would be happy with either of those options.
Great! Lets go with aylesbray lodge guest house. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Could I get the postcode please?
Yes, it's cb17sr.
That is all for now, thanks .
You are welcome.   Bye.
Can you help me find places to go in town?
Certainly, did you have a particular place in mind?
An architecture attraction would be good.
old schools is in trinity lane and entrance is free. can i give you their phone number?
What area is trinity lane in? I'd love to find a train going to cambridge as well.
Old Schools is located in the centre area of town.  Is that location convenient for you?
Perfect, thanks. Could you also tell me if there are any trains from norwich to cambridge that arrive by 10:00 on friday?
There are four trains arriving before 10:00 on Friday. They leave norwich every hour on the :16 starting at 05:16 to 08:16
Can I have the travel time? And the train ID please.
Well the travel time for the TR3293 that leaves at 8:01 is 79 minutes.
Great, thank-you! That is perfect.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed have a nice day. 
I'm glad I could help. If you think of anything else you need feel free to contact us any time.
I am looking for a place to stay. in the west
I can recommend a nice 4-star hotel for you, the Huntingdon Marriott.  Would you like to know more about it?
yes, please. I need a guesthouse that has free parking.
How about hobsons house?
Sure, what is the post code?
The postcode for hobsons house is cb39lh.  Do you want a reservation?
No that was all I wanted to know. Thanks!
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
i will be in Cambridge  and i am looking for a boat
Great! I can help you with that. We have boats located in the east, north, and centre area. Which area you prefer?
How about in the north?
Okay, the Riverboat Georgina is located in the north on cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. Post code is cb43ax and phone number is 01223902091.
Thanks for the info! I also need a place to stay in the centre of town. I'm looking for something in the expensive price range.
We have a three star and a four-star hotel. Did you have a preference?
I do not care it should be in the centre and should be in the expensive price range.
I found a hotel that fits your need. Would you like for me to book a room?
No, would you be able to look into another hotel for me? Do you have any hotels that have 0 stars and are in the moderate cost range? 
I have found 1 hotel that meets your needs. It is Cityroomz. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I would just like the number and postcode for Cityroomz.
Okay, the phone is 01223304050 and postcode is cb12tz
Okay, that's all I need. Thanks, bye
Have a wonderful time.
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you book that?
Can you tell me more details? Allenball is a 4 star guesthouse for a great price.
Is that on the west side of town? I like the 4-star guesthouse idea, but I need it to be moderately-priced and on the west side.
I have nothing on the west side can I check another area?
Hmm. I think I should stay on the west, is there maybe a cheap option available instead? 
The finches bed and breakfast is a cheap option in this area.
okay sold! book it for 5 nights for 2 on tuesday, and I need the ref # too please
Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is OAOWJ7FF. Can I help you with anything else today?
I would also like to find a great place to visit that is located near the hotel. Do you have any recommendations?
There are many colleges and museums in the west part of the city, what type of attraction are you interested in? 
Doesn't matter. As long as I receive the address and post code as well.
I would suggest Magdalene College. It is located on Magdalene Street and the post code is cb30ag. 
Awesome. Now please book me a taxi to go from Magdalene college to the hotel. I want to leave the college by 03:45
A grey skoda will pick you up at Magdalene College at 03:45 to take you to Finches Bed and Breakfast. The driver's contact number is 07909322670.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need.
You're welcome! Enjoy your time in cambridge!
I'm looking for museums in town. Can you recommend one?
There are 23 museums in town. Do you have a specific area you would be interested in?
Which ever one is your favorite will do. Can I have their contact information and what is the entrance fee?
Cambridge Artworks is in the east. They have no admission and their number is 01223902168
I need the post code also for the museum please.
Their postcode is cb13ef.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?  
Yes. I need a guesthouse. I should be a 4 star in the north. Parking is not important.
Acorn guest house looks available, would you like to book that?
Not right now, but could you tell me their postcode?
The postcode is cb41da. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yeah, can you have a taxi pick me up at the Acorn and take me to the Artworks, say around 24:45?
Booking is complete. Your contact number is 07522217444. The car type will be a red tesla. Can I help you with anything else? 
No that's all I needed thank you!
I hope you enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a restaurant in any area that serves spanish food, what is available?
I found two in the centre part of town. They are the La Raza and the La Tasca.
Is there anything else?  If not, could I get the number to La Tasca, please?
The phone number for La Tasca is  01223 464630. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That'll be all. Thanks for you help. 
your welcome goodbye
Hi, can you help me find a guesthouse? I need free parking. 
I found 21 results. What side of town would you like? 
I would prefer the north side of town please. 
There are quite a lot of them in that area.  Do you have a price range in mind, or a particular star rating you'd like me to look for?
Not really. I just need a hotel that can accommodate 6 people for 5 nights, starting Sunday.
Unfortunately, booking within your criteria was unsuccessful at all hotels. Could you change your number of days?
Would you try 1 night for 6 people on Sunday, please?
I have you booked at acorn guest house. Reference number is: IDAIIS1T.
Brilliant! Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you have been most helpful. Thanks, again.
You are very welcome, thank you and have a nice stay. 
I need to find a place to stay in the moderate price range with free parking.
I have 14 places that match your request. Is there a certain area or type of lodging that you would like?
I am looking for a guesthouse type please.
Can I get information on the area you would like the guesthouse in?
Yes please, and let try the North part of town.
I have 5 guesthouses available in the north with free parking. What star rating are you looking for?
I don't have a preference.
I'd recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like to book a room?
If the Acorn Guest House has free wifi, please book it for me.
What day would you like it booked for?
Starting Sunday for 3 nights and 6 people.
I am sorry but I was unable to book that for you. Should I try another hotel?
yes, lets try a different hotel in the same price range.
I could try the home from home for you. Would that work for you?
Only if it has free parking. 
Yes it does and I was able to book it for you! The reference number is LCO449VR.
Thank you, so much.  That is everything I need.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
I'm looking for architecture in the centre of town. Can you help me with this?
Certainly. There are four churches and a school you could visit.
What is the entrance fee for the school?
For the school it is free. 
Could I also get the phone number for the school?
the phone number for old schools is 01223332320
Can i get the post code too please?
Yes the postal code is cb21tt.
Ok, I'm also looking for a cheap place to grab some food. Maybe carribean?
We do not have any Caribbean options here, can I lookup another cuisine type or narrow it down by anything else?
Hmmm how about Italian then
There are 15 Italian restaurants in the city, could you give me a preferred location, so I can narrow the options down?
I just want a cheap italian place. Choose one you recommend for me. Then I need help reserving it.
I recommend dining at ask. How many people for your reservation, and what day and time?
6 on Thursday at 16:45 please
You are booked and your booking reference number is I3JNKDOD.
I will also need a taxi.
Okay, when and where are you going?
Old schools to the restaurant.
What time would you like the taxi?
I would like to make sure the taxi arrives at the restaurant by my 16:45 reservation.
Your all set, a yellow lexus will be picking you up in time for your reservation the contact number is 07323746090, is there anything else?
Thank you for your help today, I do not need anything else.
You are welcome enjoy
Hello. Can you recommend a good hotel in the centre?
I have three hotels in the Centre. Would you like moderate or expensive prince range?
Price is no object, but i would like free parking and wifi.
Great, since price is no object I recommend University Arms Hotel.  Its an expensive 4 star hotel with free parking and internet.  Want me to book it?
Yea, I'd like to book for 3 people. We will need 4 nights, starting on Wednesday. 
The booking has been successful. Your reference number is NL0GG0ZZ.
Thank you. Have a good night!
You're welcome! Have a great night. 
I would like to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in cambridge. It doesn't need to have internet. 
I'd recommend alpha-milton guest house in the north. It's a moderately priced three star hotel. Would you like a room?
No thanks - not yet.  Does it have free parking?
Unfortunately it does not have free parking. What price range do you have in mind? I can find you one that does have parking
I don't have any price range in mind, I just want a guesthouse with free parking on the north side
I would then recommend the acorn guest house, a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse located at 154 chesterton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I do need to book a room.
How many people will be joining you, if any?  
Actually, I'll book later. Can you help me find a train though?
Where do you want to travel to and from?
should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 11:15. I am going to stevenage
What day would you like to leave Cambridge?
I'll be leaving on Sunday. 
The TR5390 would be great, do you need a booking?
Yes please book it for 1 ticket. I'll also need a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : HBX3KMT9.
Thanks so much! Could I get the phone number for the Acorn Guesthouse?
their phone number is 01223353888. would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you. I'd just like to have the information for now.
Okay thank you so much for the help. 
That is all I need.
Hope you have a wonderful stay!
I need to get a train from cambridge to Norwich.
I have a train leaving at 12:36 and arriving at 13:55. Is that ok?
Actually no, I need a train leaving on Monday after 20:30.
I have a train which leaves at 20:36. Would that work for you?
book for 4. get me the reference number please
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station.  Reference number is : RI594OCX.
Awesome. You've been a great help. Thank you.
You're very welcome. Goodbye.
My cousin told me about a place called the fez club. 
The fez club is a nightclub located at 8 market passage in the centre area.  To enter the club it will cost you 5 pounds.
Can I get the postcode, address, and phone number for it? I also am looking for a place to eat.
Here's the information: cb23hx, 8 market passage and 01223519224. What kind of food would you like? 
anything is good as long as it is in the centre
Well, the city centre has a lot of places to eat. Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like something moderately priced.
I have many options including Asian, British, Chinese, Italian and European food. Anything interest you?
I've never had British food. Let's try that. Can you tell me some info on that one?
Well I personally like The Oak Bistro which is located on 6th Lensfield Road.
Can you book that for me?
I'd be happy too.  Do you know when you'd like to eat?
Let's say 17:30.  Is there a reservation available at that time?
It looks like they have an opening. Can you tell me how many people will be in your party?
On second thought, I'm not ready to book yet.  I need to talk to my wife.  Can you just get me the post code for Oak Bistro?
Yes, it is cb23hx.  What else can I help you with today?
Great thank you. That will be all. Goodbye
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a family friendly restaurant that is reasonably price and located in the center of town near attractions, hotels and easy access to transportation such as buses and taxis.
Ok, to be clear, which price range do you prefer-- cheap, moderate or expensive?
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant
Do you prefer a specific type of food?
I prefer Chinese food
great, i have three options for you to choose from!
Oh, I have no idea.  Can you just reserve tell me your favorite one?  I'll need a postcode for it.
Jinling noodle bar, postcode cb23pp. Is there any more info I can give you?	
 I would like to visit a college in the same area as the noodle bar, can you find me one?
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Most are free, but some do charge an entrance fee. Any preference?
How about choosing a famous one and give me the address, postcode and entrance fee.
corpus christi is popular this time of year. The address is at king's parade. The post code cb21rh and the entree fee is 2 pounds. 
Great, thanks! Also, will you please book me a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant, leaving the attraction at 05:45?
I was able to book a taxi it will be a red volvo and the contact number is 07754509492. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Thank you very much.
thanks for using our services
Thanks again.  That was all I needed.
You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need a train that goes to Norwich. 
Great. On which day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Sunday
Where will you be coming from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge. Is there a train that can get there before 17:15?
Yes, there is one that departs at 5:36 and arrives at 6:55 will that work?
That will work, can you book me seats for 7 and let me know the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 98.56 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : YGMYZLL2. anything else i can help you with?
I'm also looking for something to help kill some time on the west side of town. Do you have any recommendations?
Sure what type of attraction were you looking for?
I don't have a preference. You pick. 
the lynne strover gallery is located at 23 high street, fen ditton. their phone number is 01223295264. the admission is free. would you like help with something else?
What type of attraction this?
It is a museum.
What is the postcode? 
The postcode is cb30aq.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Great, thanks. You answered all my questions and were very helpful. Have a good day. Bye. 
Happy to be of help. Goodbye. 
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the North part of town. I will need their address.
There is a cheap Italian restaurant at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, or one that serves Indian food at Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you, goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to stay in Cambridge that has free wifi and free parking. 
Alexander bed and breakfast can acommodate your request.
Is it also a guesthouse type of hotel?
Yes, that's correct. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book it for 5 nights starting on Wednesday for 2 people total.
I wasn't able to complete your booking for that time frame. Would you be able to stay a different amount of nights?
How about four nights instead of five?
I was able to successfully book you for four nights at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast, and your reference number is HY6O0MQH.
Thank you! Do you have the reviews and address for the J Restaurant near there?
Here is the address for the J restaurant, 86 Regent Street City Centre. I currently do not have reviews of the restaurant avialable. 
I would like a reservation for 2 at 12:45 please. 
No problem. And what day will that be for?
That will be on Friday for 2 please.
I am sorry, but they do not have an available spot at that time, would you like me to book a reservation for any day or time?
No thank you, I'll try for something else.
Is there a different date or time you'd like me to check for you?
No that is the only date and time I have available. Are you sure you don't have anything for Wednesday at 12:45?
Yes i was able to make your reservation for 2 for Wednesday at 12:45. Your reference number is X3QCMWY3.
Thank you very much. That's all I need today. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling.
I want a train going to cambridge.
You're in luck, I have quite a few trains coming into Cambridge! Where will you be departing from? 
Stansted Airport, please.
OK, and what day and time are you traveling?
I need to leave on sunday and I need to arrive by 12:15.
TR9445 departs at 11:24 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please. I need a booking for 7 people.
Okay, the booking was successful and the total fee is 56.56 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is D2K69PNC.
Thanks so much for the train booking. I also need lodging with free wifi. I don't need free parking, though.
I have a few places available, in which area would you like to stay?
Do have anything expensive? I don't care what area.
Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
Either one is fine. If you can recommend for me, that would be great. Oh and if there's one you like that's moderately priced, that would be fine too.
I have three, is there a star range you prefer?
Oh, I don't really care about that. Which place would you recommend?
I would suggest Avalon.
Great!  Can I get the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223353071. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
No that won't be necessary. I'd just like the postcode and address please.
They are at 62 gilbert road postal cb43pd, may I assist with anything else?
That's all for me. Thanks for your help. Bye!
Have a nice day!
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves european food. 
Would the centre part of town be convenient for you?
I don't care.
May I suggest the Hotel du Vin and Bistro?
Can you please give me the address and phone number?
Their address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street and phone number is 01223 227330.
Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.
Looking for a train that leaves on Wednesday.
I have trains all leaving cambridge going to london kings cross on wednesday. First one leaves at 05:00 last at 13:00 and its a 51 minute ride
I would liek to arrive by 13:00, can I book the one that leaves at 12:00
Sorry, but I don't have anything leaving at 12:00 but I have train TR9781 that leaves at 11:00 and will get you there by 11:51. How does that sound?
That sounds fine. What's the price?
The ticket price is 23.60 pounds. How many tickets would you like?
One ticket will work.
Booked! You'll pay at the station. Your reference number is: 0140Z2O7.
Thanks.  I'm also looking for a concerthall to visit.  Are their any in the west?
Unfortunately there aren't any. Could you like to try other areas?
 how about one that is in the type of museum.
I have the Cafe Jello, which has free admission. 
That's awesome! What's their phone number?
The phone number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112.  Can I help you find anything else?
That's everything. Thanks for the help.
We hope you enjoy your trip.
Thanks so much again! Goodbye!
You're welcome, goodbye.
I want a restaurant in the centre of town. 
Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Yes, French food.
Cote is a French Restaurant in the centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes!  I need at table for 6 at 18:30 Wednesday.
Here is your reference number 6HUYUYGS is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I need to find a train to Cambridge from Kings Lynn.
When would you like to travel?
Thursday morning at 9 am
Train TR3447 leaves Kings Lynn at 09:11. Would you like to reserve a ticket? 
yes please. make a booking fr the same number of people.
Okay, the booking was successful, the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : FZ6DQHQT. Anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed today. 
welcome any day you want to know something
I need a place for a modern european food. Moderate range ought to do it. Thank you. 
I show three in the moderate price range. Two are in the centre and one is in the south. Do any of these work for you?
Yes, I need to reserve a table for 5 at 11:45 on Wednesday can you help me with that?
Alright, I have you booked at the Restaurant Alimentum on the southend. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is: 1PF64MM2.
Thank you. I also need a train to go to London Kings Cross on Saturday.
I have 10 trains available.  Do you have a time preference? 
I want the train to arrive by 10:15. Just choose the first train on your list and book it for 5 people. Then send me a reference number to confirm
First I will need to know if your departure is from cambridge. 
Yes it's from cambridge. Please make the booking and give me the reference number.
I have book for you for the 5:00 train for 5 people leaving cambridge on saturday. Your reference number is 9DCSEY8P and the total will be 94.4 GBP payable at the train station. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
No that's all I needed for today. Thanks.
You are welcome, have a great day.
I am looking for an Afghan restaurant in the expensive price range.
There are none in that range, perhaps something else?
Okay, how about mexican food?
Chiquito Restaurant Bar fits that criteria. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 7 people at 18:30 on tuesday.
Unfortunately we can not book you for that date and time. Would you like to try another date or time perhaps?
How about 17:30 instead? 
That's a better time, your reference number is IV21ENWM and the table will be held for you for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a place to stay with free wifi. The hotel should have a 0 star rating. Do you have anything like that?
Sure, there is one option. CityRoomz, shall I book a room for you?
Is that expensive?
It is in the moderate price range.  If you give me your date of arrival, number of guests, and length of stay, I can try to make a reservation for you.
I need one that is in the expensive price range. 
I'm sorry there are no hotels in the expensive range with a 0-star rating, the lowest rating for that price range is a 2-star hotel.  Are you interested?
How about a 4 star expensive place to stay that includes free wifi? Can I have the postcode, hotel type, and address of one that meets that description?
There are 2 that fit that criteria. One is in the West and the other is in the Centre. Which is better for you?
I don't care about the area.  Can you pick one and give me the postcode, hotel type, and address please?
Try University Arms Hotel in Centre. It is close to alot since it is right there on Regent Street. Postcode is cb21ad. Anything more you need today?
No thank you, that's everything I need! 
Alright, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
I'm going to be in Cambridge for 4 days and need a place to stay in the south with free wifi. I don't need parking.
No I am so sorry I am not finding anything like that something else perhaps?
How about a guesthouse and it doesn't need to have free parking. 
I'm still not able to get any results. Can we try a new search?
Yes let's try the east side of town.
how about a and b guest house? it's located in the east.
Sure, could you book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting tuesday? Thanks so much. 
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 79TPBIDU. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, I think that's it!  Thanks for your helpful searches!
Of course, happy to help!
I am looking for a train that leaves on thursday going to cambridge.
There are 202 trains that meet what you are asking.  Where would you like to depart from?
London kings cross, it should also leave after 16:30. 
TR1149 departs london kings cross at 17:17 and arrives in cambridge at 18:08. Will that work?
Yes it will. Can you book that for just me, and provide the reference number?
Sure thing! How many tickets do you need?
I need one ticket and can I please have the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : R57G4DU4. Can I provide any further help today?
I am also looking for places to go int town. I'd love for it to be sports related in the town centre.
We have four swimming pool locations. What do you think about those?
Do you have anything else that is not swimming?
Unfortunately, I'm not seeing any.
Okay what about any type of theatre? Which is your favorite? 
adc theatre on park street is my favorite. Next would be The Cambridge Corn Exchange.
That's sounds good.  Can I get their number and postcode?
The ADC theatre's postcode is cb58as and their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that should do it. Thanks so much for all the help. Have a good day!
You are very welcome! We appreciate your business and thank you again for using the Cambridge Towninfo centre! We hope to see you again.
Hello. I need train to London liverpool Street.
Where are you departing from and do you have a time preference?
Yes, I'd like to leave Cambridge sometime after 12:15.
What day would you like to travel?  
It would need to be on Thursday. Do you have anything?
I have one that leaves at 13:59 and 4 more that depart every two hours after. 
The 13:59 will be fine, how much will a ticket cost?
A ticket for that train is 16.60 pounds.
And, please tell me what time the train arrives at london liverpool street.
The train will arrive at 15:27. May I book a ticket for you?
I'm also looking for things to do in town, what kind of attractions are there in the centre? I'd like the phone numbers, types, and fee information please.
There are many types, which do you like to see?
Any type is fine, can I just get the attraction type, entrance fee, and phone number of one?
How about Cambridge Contemporary Art? It is free, and the phone number is 01223324222.
That sounds like something I would enjoy.  Thank you!  I think you covered everything. 
Have a great day!
i was robbed and need help
Oh dear! Parkside Police Station's phone number is 01223358966. Anything else I can do for you?
That's great, may I have their address and postcode please?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge. Postcode is CB11JG
I'm going to contact them now, thank you.
Let us know if there's anything else we can do!
I am looking for an east-based place to go in town.
How about funky fun house? It's in the east. cambridge museum of technology is also in the east.
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is for those?
The Cambridge Museum of Tech. costs 5 pounds.  There is no information on the admission price for Funky Fun House.  Would you like their phone number?
No, thanks. Can I get the postcode for Funky Fun House, please?
Yes, of course.  It is cb58hy.  Is there anything else I can find out for you?
Thank you very much! 
So, is that all you needed today?
Yes, that's all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Goodbye!
Yes, hopefully you can help with some information on a particular hotel?
What hotel are you interested in?
It is called home from home. I was wondering what type of hotel it is and the star of the hotel.
Home from Home is a 4 star, guesthouse type hotel.  
Thanks, that is all I need on the hotel but can I book a train from cambridge to stevenage, I need ot arrive by 20:45.
I'll be more than happy to help you book the train. What day do you want to leave?
I would like to leave on Thursday.
I have trains available would you like me to book that for you?
I just need the departure time and price please
leave at 5:21 and arrive by 6:10 for 12.80 pounds
Can you book this for me that will work just fine.
How many seats do you need me to book?
I actually dont need you to book anything. This is all I need today. thank you
You're welcome, have a good day.
I need to catch a train out of Bishops Stortford, to arrive by 20:45.
There are many trains. Where is your destination? What day would you like to travel? 
Cambridge on saturday.
I have the TR7734 leaving at 19:29 and arriving at 20:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sounds perfect, but I don't need it booked just yet. What's the price on that?
The price is 8.08 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks.  Yes, I am looking for a particular attraction.
Happy to help. What is the name of the attraction you are interested in?
It's called St. Catherine's College. What's the fee to get in there, and is it a college, architecture, or what?
It is free. 
Is this attraction an actual college still or are the buildings just there for architecture?
It's of the type of college. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you! That will be all for today! 
Thank you for using our service today!
I need a place to stay in Cambridge that includes free wifi. I don't need free parking.
Would you like to try cityroomz?  I can book it for you?
Is it in the West? what is the price range?
Cityroomz is moderately priced and in the centre. Are you open to places that offer free parking, or do you specifically want to avoid it?
I'm open to it, and I suppose the centre will do. But I'd prefer the west side if there is one.
I'm so sorry.  There are no hotels on the west side that match your requests.  
That's okay, Cityroomz will work. Can you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?
Reference number is : Z9RFJQ4W. Anything else you need?
Yes I am looking for a Train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at Birmingham New Street. 
Ok.  When were  you looking to leave?
I will be leaving on Wednesday after 14:30.
There are 9 trains listed. Would you like tickets for one of them?
Yes. Please select the first train available after 14:30 and book 3 tickets. then provide me the reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : XMBOA4E1. Can I help with anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you
Thank you for contacting us.  Have a great day!
Can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the South part of town?
How about the lucky star, a nice chinese place in the south 
Is it cheap and in the south?
Yes, the Lucky Star is both cheap and in the south part of town.
OK.  What is the address?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
What is the phone number?
The phone number for the Lucky Star is 01223 244277. Is there anything I can help you with?
That is all, thank you, goodbye.
enjoy your meal?
Hi, I'll be visiting Cambridge soon, and I need a train from Stansted airport. It should arrive by 17:45. Can you help?
What day and time time will you  be travelling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and would like to arrive by 17:45.
Great, there's a train departing at 16:24 and arriving at 16:52. Will this work?
Yes, that would be perfect! What's the price of one ticket?
It is 8.08 pounds
Thank you!  Can you also look up Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds for me?
Sure thing it is in the east of town, what information would you like to know about it?
i need to know how how much the entrance fee is and the postcode if you may please?
The post code is cb18dw but I do not have the information on the entrance fee.
Ok, thank you. 
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that will be all.
Thank you and goodbye
Can you help me find a hotel called Bridge Guest House?
Certainly! The Bridge Guest House is a moderately priced accomodation in the south. Is there other information you would like to know? 
Do they have free parking?
Yes, they do! Would you like a room?
Not right now, that's all, thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge.
What day will you be traveling?
I would like to leave on Friday.
Okay I have several. What time are you leaving, and how many tickets would you like?
I am leaving Thurtsday at 2pm and need three tickets
I have the TR5502 that leaves at 3:17pm. Would that work for you?
Actually, I never told you where I was leaving from. I need the train to depart from Kings Lynn.
TR2162 leaves at 14:11. Want to book it?
yes please, 7 people.  And I'd like the reference number please.
Certainly! The total fare is 68.60 Pounds, payable at the station, and the reference number is QN77ZH17. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay in the south. I'd like a guesthouse if possible. 
I can recommend the bridge guest house.
That sounds great. PLease book for 7 people for 5 nights starting on friday. 
I will book that for you now.
Thanks. I would also like the reference number, please.
I have made your reservations and your reference numbers is 3FR3O8HO.
That will be all, thank you for your help today!
Thank you, I'm glad we were able to help you.
I'm looking for a certain restaurant, can you help?
Sure, what is the name of the restaurant?
It is the lan hong house. Can you tell me what area of the city it is located in?
The lang hong house is located in the centre of town.
What is the price range of the lan hong house?
it is a moderately priced restaurant. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation.
How many people and what day and time?
Nevermind. Not at this time. Can you help me find the postcode for the Holiday Inn Cambridge?
Yes, sorry for the wait, the postcode is cb13lh.
I also need a taxi
Ok, to confirm, you'd like a taxi from Lang Hong House to Holiday Inn Cambridge? And what time would you like this for?
I need it to leave the restaurant by 19:30. 
You are let, look for an olive green AMC Gremlin.  Kidding, look for a yellow tesla, they are reachable at 07749451728, any further questions?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
You are welcome. You have a great day as well.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves canapes food. Expensive range should do it. 
Unfortunately there are no canapes restaurants.
hmmm. Can you check again? it should be in the centre.
I am sorry but there are no restaurants that fit that criteria in the centre.
Could you try a restaurant that serves british food instead?
Yes, we have three British restaurants in the central area.  Might I recommend fitzbillies restaurant?
That sounds fine, can you reserve a table for 3 people at 13:00 on Tuesday?
Your table is booked, ref #HHFEEGNF. Can I help you with anything else?
I do need  4 star hotel as well.
great, i have 21 options for you!
I would like it to be in the expensive range too. 
Okay we have the huntingdon marriott hotel and the university arms hotel that match your specifications. 
Does either have free wifi?
Yes, both have internet.
Great, either one is fine. I need a reservation for 3 people for 3 nights starting Tuesday. If 3 nights is not available try 2 nights and reference number.
I have it booked for Tuesday for 3 people for 3 nights at the Marriot.  Your reference number is: 30CEHA2H.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. That's it for today.
Glad to be of service. Have a great day.
you too, enjoy the rest of your day.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Good day. 
I need to find a place to stay with free parking and wifi. What can you find for me?
I have 33 of them, is there a certain are of town you prefer?
Yes, I'd like one in the North please.
Please specify your price range and star rating of the hotel you're interested in. 
I don't have a preference.
Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse type?
Either is fine. What's the address of your favorite?
The address of Acorn guest house is 154 chesterton road.
Thank you. Is it a hotel or guesthouse? I also need some kind of activity to pass the time. 
As stated it is a guesthouse. What kind of activity would you like?
Any is fine. I just need it to be in the same area as the hotel. 
Milton country park	is avaibale and free would you like that?
Yes that would be fine. Could you give me an address and the entrance fee?
The address is milton country park, milton, and it is a free attraction.
can i get a taxi to commute between the two places. i leave the hotel at 06.00, get me the contact number and car type please 
I have booked a car from the acorn to country park for 06:00. It will be a white volvo contact number 07400057498. Anything else today/
No that was it. Thanks for your help!
So glad that I could assist. Please call again.
Ok. Good bye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.
We have 33 options available, any specific details on the type of place that your looking for?
Yes, the Gonville Hotel.  Can I get the price range, area, and address please?  
Sure I can get that for you.  The address is Gonville Place, cb11ly in the centre area.  The price range is expensive. 
Thank you. Could you also give me information about an attraction called The Man on the Moon? 
I sure can! The Man on the Moon is a concert hall located at 2 Norfolk Street in Centre. Do you need more information?
I need the postcode.
Of course. The postcode is cb12lf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that takes care of it thank you
Thank you and have a good trip.
That is all I needed today. 
It was my pleasure to be of help.  Goodbye.
Can you tell me about the Cote restaurant?
Cote is an expensive french restaurant in the centre. Do you want the address and phone number or for me to book you a table? 
Yes, I need a table for two people at 13:00 on Tuesday.
I was able to book you a table please be on time they can only hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is IDPGS1JZ. Do you need anymore help?
I also need to find something to do.
There are lots of attractions to go to in the city. In the center of town there are 44 results alone. What or where do you have in mind?
Is there a theatre in the city centre?
There are 4: Adc Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange. Which would you like to visit?
What's the phone number and address for the ADC Theatre?
The phone number is 01223300085 and the address is park street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes please, I'd like to book a taxi between the restaurant and theatre.
I can help you with that. What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
I need a cab for the commute, it needs to get to the restaurant by my reservation time. contact # and car type please
Okay, I got you a red tesla and the contact number for that is 07646733511. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thats all I need today.  Thanks so much!
You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
Yes, hi. I am looking for a train to get me out of Cambridge to someplace fun. Can you help me with that?
Of course! Do you know your destination?
Yes, I would like to go to Peterborough. I want to travel on Friday and get there by 21:30.
Is there a time you would like to leave?
I just need to get there by 21:30.
Okay I have a train would you like a ticket to hogwarts?
To Peterborough, please, for 4 people. I need to arrive by 21:30.
I have booked it and the reference is GKJEBZN9.
Thanks, I also need a place to stay in Cambridge. I don't care about free parking, though.
there are so many places. which side do you prefer?
I would like to stay in the south please. 
Rosa's Bed and breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the South part of town in the cheap price range including free Internet and parking. 
Thank you. What is the postcode?
The post code is  cb22ha. Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you! That will be all!
It was a pleasure assisting you today. Good-bye.
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre
There are 33 to choose from. Any type of cuisine you'd prefer?
I don't care what cuisine. I would like a table for 1 at 12:30 on Thursday. I will need a reference number also.
Sure. I booked you into the Cambridge Chop House on Thursday at 12:30. Your reference number is 8NI5A15M.
Okay, wonderful. Thank you for your help. 
Was there anything else I could assist you with today? 
No, you were extremely helpful. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for booking with us today. Enjoy your reservation!
I need a train from Cambridge going to stansted airport on wednesday.
Those trains leave every hour beginning at 5:40 am. Do you have a particular arrival or departure time?
I would like to arrive by 08:00.
Train 1610 leaves at 05:40 and arrives at 06:08.  Would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please.  Can you also please confirm the train ID, price, and departure time for me.  Thank you!
Train 1610 leaves at 05:40 and arrives at 06:08, price is 10.10 pounds
Awesome. Could you also suggest a museum for me to visit? I'm thinking in the east?
I recommend the Cambridge Artworks.  The admission is free. Can I be of further assistance?
Can I get the address and and postal code for the Cambridge Artworks please?
Sure, the address is 5 greens road and the postcode is cb13ef.
Great, thank you. I don't need anything else. Bye!
Thank you for using our services.
Hi, I'm looking for some places to go in Cambridge. 
sure. do you know what you would like to do ?
A park or swimming on the East side 
There is Cherry Hinton park and Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch. Would you like more information?
What is the phone number for Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch?
The phone number is 01223902088. Can I help with anything else?
Could you also tell me Abbey Pool's address?
The address is Pool Way, Whitehill Road, off Newmarket Road. Can I help you any further? 
I would also like help finding a guesthouse.
what type of guest house are yo looking for?
I'd like to find a cheap 4 star place in the cheap price range please.
Which area would you like to stay in?
The area does not matter. Just whatever you think is best in that criteria. 
In that case, I would recommend the alexander bed and breakfast in the centre.
Thank you! Do they have free WiFi?
Yes, they do.  Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
no, thanks.  I just need their address and phone number
Sure thing. Their phone number is 01223525725. The address is 56 saint barnabas road. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
You're very welcome! Take care!
I'm planning to visit Cambridge and would like to know the options available for upscale Chinese dining.
I have several recomendations. Would you care to try Yu Garden? It has great Chinese food, but is expensive.
I don't mind an expensive restaurant so that will be fine.  I would like to reserve a table for 3 on Sunday at 15:00.
How about yu garden? It's expensive and serves chinese food.
That should be fine. Can you get the reference number?
Unfortunately there are no reservations left at that time. Would you like to change the restaurant?
Do you have reservations for 14:00 for Yu Garden since the 15:00 is full?
For 14:00, Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : NHCRN6DS.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free wifi and free parking.
Certainly. What area of town do you prefer?
Any part of town will be fine.
There are 21 guesthouses that offer those amenities. Do you have a preferred price range?
No, any price range is fine. Go ahead and book, and get me the postcode.
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap and in the centre. The postcode is cb12de. To book, I need to know when you'll stay and how many people.
That's all I need for now. thanks!
Great! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye!
Hey, any good Chinese places on the southside?
There are three chinese places in the South, two are expensive and one is cheap. Is there a particular price you want or would you like a reccomendation?
I'd like one of the expensive ones. Which is your favorite?
The Peking Restaurant is a great option, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, that'd be great. Please make a reservation for 5 people for Monday at 17:45. 
No problem, I will book it for you now.
Can I get the refrence number?
OK, your table is booked. Reference number is FHZMUKMO. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you. 
I hope you enjoy your time.
Oh, you know, I need a guesthouse in the same area of town.  I need it for 4 nights starting on Monday for 5 people.  
Okay, I recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Would you like me to book a reservation there?
Ok I will book it for you
Actually I will handle the booking on my end.  Would you like me to proceed per your request?
Yes, please. After booking, will you please send me the reference number?
Your booking has been successful. Your reference number is D1X8g7QX. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you!
You are so welcome, have a nice trip
I need a place in the north with free wifi, please.
I can help with that. What is your price range?
I don't care about the price, but it should be 4 stars.
You have eight options for lodging. Do you need parking?
No that does not matter.  Please make a suggestion and book it for 1 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
how about arbury lodge guesthouse?
That sounds great please book it for 1 person for 4 nights  starting on sunday.
Your booking for 1 at the arbury lodge guesthouse this sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : X1GCL10K. Anything else for today? 
Yes, Can you please book a table at the grafton hotel restaurant for the same amount of people at 11:15 on the same day?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is  DPR6YMGB. What else can I help with today? 
That will be all. Thank you!
Thank you for using our service! Please contact us if you need more information about Cambridge. Have a good day. 
Hello! I've been recommended a restaurant but don't know where it is. It's called Saint John's Chop House. Can you help me find it? 
Saint Johns Chop House is at 21 - 24 Northampton Street. Would you like the phone number as well or could I book a table for you?
Yes, please book a table for 4 people at 14:00 on sunday.  Thank you.
You are all set.  The table will be held for 15 minutes and your reference number is IPY1DUUN.  Can I assist you with anything further today?
Yes, please. We will need a train departing from Cambridge.
Sure thing - just let me know where you're going, what day you're going there, and at what time.
The train should go to peterborough and should leave on monday after 10:30.
TR7076 leaves at 10:34, would you like that one? There's TR7386 that leaves at 11:06.
They both would work, what's the price on those?
They both cost 16.50 pounds.  How many tickets would you like me to reserve for you?
I would like 4 tickets please. Can you tell the price of those?
The price for either would be 66 GBP for four tickets.  Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Yes I would like you to book the 10:34 please.
I've booked it for you, the reference number is U4GOWVHS.
Great, thanks. I think thats all for today. Have a good one. Bye. 
Glad to be of help. have  a nice day.
I'm looking for the restaurant named La Raza.
Yes I have one listing for that restaurant,would you like the phone number and address for this listing?
No. Instead, reserve a table for 3 at 18;30 on Thursday. Please send me the reference number.
OK, you have a table at La Raza on Thursday at 18:30 for three people. Your reference number is VH4P10X4. 
I'm looking for a hotel called acorn guest house.
The Acorn Guest House is located in North Cambridge, has four stars, and offers free internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
What is the price range of The Acorn Guest House?
The acorn guest house has a moderate price range
Do they have free parking? I will need that. 
Yes, they have free parking and free wifi! Would you like to book a room there?
No thanks, but I will need a taxi from the hotel to La Raza, arriving by that reservation time.
Ok, I have a taxi booked for you, it is a red ford, the contact number is 07672926538.
Thank you so much, I appreciate it!
You are very welcome. Have a safe trip!
I need a 16:30 taxi. 
I'd be happy to help with your request, will you be leaving at 16:30 and what is your departure site?
Yes, I will be leaving at 16:30 from Bedouin.
Great. And what is your destination?
I am going to london liverpool street train station.
I have booked your taxi
Thank you very much.
A grey toyota will be picking you up. Do you also need the contact number?
Yes, please. I need it in case there is a problem.
No problem.The contact number is 07357977369. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
Hi, I need a place to eat in the centre for a medium price range. What do you have that you can suggest?
We have 21 of those, including those serving british food and many other types.  Can you narrow it down some?
Sure, can you try to find a british restaurant?
Cotto is very good.  Can I reserve a table for you?
That sounds great. I need a reservation for 6 people at 14:45 on Wednesday.
I was able to make a reservation for 6 people at Cotto on Wednesday at 14:45.  Your reference number is RX6XP8KP.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Please contact us anytime. Good Bye.
i am looking for a place to go in the centre and should be the type of boat.
I found two boats for you: Scudamores Punti Co and The Cambridge Punter. Do you want more information about one or both of these?
Can you please provide me with the phone number, address and postcode for each of those?
Scudamores Punting Co is at granta place, mill lane, postcode cb21rs, and phone 01223359750. The Cambridge Punter is at 251a chesterton road., postcode cb41as, and phone 07807718591.
I also am looking for a place to stay in the center with a star rating of 4.
We have two place, one a guesthouse and one a hotel, what would you like?
Do either of them have free wifi?
Both have free wifi! The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse and the University Arms Hotel is a hotel.
Allrighty, can I book a room for 3 people at the University Arms Hotel, for 4 nights starting on Saturday? 
Booking was successful.  Your reference number is : WSOW3X5U.  What else can I help you with today? 
nope that's it thanks for your help
Of course have a great day!
Please help me find somewhere to eat in the centre
You could try the yippee noodle bar, which is asian oriental, and priced moderately. It is located at 40428 King Street City Centre. 
That sounds great. Can I get a postcode? Thanks!
The postcode is cb21rq. Would you like me to make a reservation?
I'm not ready to book yet. Thanks, I will give you a call back. Goodbye.
Alright. Sounds good. I look forward to your call.
I am looking for a place to stay. Ideally, it will be a guesthouse and have a 4 star rating.
I have eight hotels matching that description. Which part of town could you prefer?
I am looking for something affordable in Cambridge.
I have found two listings that match your criteria -one in the northern part of town and one in the southern part. Which would suit you best?
Something cheap. I don't care where.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the centre with free parking and internet. Would that work?
Sounds like it will. Go ahead and book my party of 7.
Certainly, may I have your day or arrival and the number of days you will be staying?
We're arriving on Friday and we'd like to stay for 4 nights.
Great! You're booked with reference N4FFB16Z. May I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train leaving leicster after 12:30.
We've got quite a few options, where will you be traveling to and when would you like to arrive?
I will be traveling from Leicester to Cambridge departing after 21:30 on Friday.
TrainID TR1356 leaves Leicester to Cambridge at 22:09 on Friday, does that work for you?
Great can I get 7 tickets for that and the reference number?
OK, I have booked 7 tickets. You will arrive at 23:54. Your reference number is PW31BAZV.
Thanks so much, I think that's all I'll need.
Glad I could be of assistance, have a good day!
Good morning! Can you help me get a taxi to take me from Clare College to Cambridge that gets there by 18:00?
Yes, I have a car for that time, would you like me to book it?
Please. Can I get the contact number and car type for that?
Yes, look out for a grey ford. The contact number is 07562472408. May I help with anything else?
Actually, can I change the destination to Christ's College?
Ok, so that was a cab leaving from clare college and going to christ's college arriving there at 18:00?
Yes. Could I have the contact number and car type for this trip?
Yes, it will be a grey Ford and the contact number is 07562472408. What else can I help you with? 
That takes care of what I needed today. Thanks and have a good day. 
Thank you, goodbye.
Can you help me find a train departing bishops stortford and arriving by 20:15?
Okay! What is your destination?
I am going to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford.
I need more information from you. What day will you be traveling and what time do you want to leave?
Leaving on Thursday and need the reference number.
i recommend  TR0141 leaves at 13:29 and costs 10.10 pounds
That sounds perfect! I need 5 tickets.
You have 5 tickets booked, reference #: 99ZS3NH1.  The fee is 50.5 GBP and you will need to pay at the station.  Anything else for you today?
Yes, I also would like to book a room at the warkworth house.
What date would you like to book?  How many nights and how many people?
Please book for 5 nights starting the same day.
How many people will be staying?
There will be 5 people stating starting the same day. i need the reference number please
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is: U08ESKG3. Is there anything else we can help you with? 
Thanks for both bookings. Those were my two concerns for today. I am very satisfied. Goodbye.
Great! Please contact us again anytime. Good Bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant called "restaurant one seven". Can you help me?
It is in the centre of town located at De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre	
That is the one.  Can you make a reservation for 6 on Friday please?  12:00 would be good.
I booked that for your for a party of 6 at noon on Friday. The reference number is : 6WSK0KXY. Is there anything else you need?
What is the price range of this restaurant?
it's a moderately priced restaurant.
I am also looking for a place to stay in the centre. It should be cheap.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a nice 4 star guesthouse.  Can I book a room for you?
Do they have free wifi?
They do. Shall I book it?
Can you tell me if this a hotel or guesthouse and whether or not they have free parking please?
It is a guesthouse and they have parking. Would you like to book that?
Actually they will do but no need to book, I was just getting information.  
Ok great, is there anything else I can do for you?
Is the parking free??
Yes. Parking at alexander bed and breakfast	is free.
Okay, thank you for all the help.
anything else today?
that is it for today thanks for askin
Have a good afternoon. Bye. 
I'm hoping to find a place to eat.
Do you have any food type preferences?
I would like to eat international food.
I have 3 restaurants serving this type of food.  Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
I would like moderate pricing.
The Varsity restaurant and Bloomsbury restaurant are both in the moderate range.  Do you have a preference?
I would like to pick a restaurant in the north. 
There is no listing in the North,do you want to try a different area?
I need to get to cambridge on friday.
There are 1414 trains heading to cambridge, what is your starting destination?
I need a train that departs from stevenage on Friday. It should arrive in Cambridge by 11:00
Certainly, the train that arrives right before 11 is TR2860 arrives by 10:43. Shall I book it, if so how many riders will there be?
What is the departure and travel time please?
It departs at 9:54 and arrives at 10:43. That gives you about 15 minutes to spare. Is that alright?
Yes. I also need a place to stay please. 
i have 33 hotels, what area would you like to stay in?
Area doesn't matter, but I would like something moderate priced that includes wifi.
That leave us with 17 choices. Do you care whether it's a normal hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like it to be a guesthouse please.
The acorn guest house fits your criteria as well as includes free parking - would you like me to book for you?
Yes I will need that for 2 people for 5 nights for Friday please. I also need the reference number. 
Booking was successful for your stay at acorn guest house starting Friday. Your reference number is : 8IGOI38R.  Is any further assistance needed?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
Fantastic! Have a lovely visit! Goodbye!
I'm looking for a place. I think it's called like Bridge House or Bridge Guesthouse or something.
You are looking for the bridge guest house
Could you book it for 3 people and 4 nights starting from thursday?
Booking was unsuccessful.
Okay, book it for 4 nights starting Saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : EPWUAWM5.
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.
I'd like to book a taxi to corpus  christi
Sure! when do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave after 3:30 please.
Where would you like to depart from?
I'll be departing from prezzo. Please let me know what type of car the taxi is and their contact number. Thank you!
You are booked on a black bmw with the contact number 07721719862.
Thank you so much for all of your help! Have a good day.
Thank you, I hope you have a good day as well. If you need anything else we'll be here to help.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
There are 110 restaurants. What area or type of food would you like?
I really need something cheap and in the South please.
There is Portuguese adn Chinese cheap in this area. Any preference? 
Let's go Chinese.  Please book for 2 people on Wednesday at 12:00
I can book the lucky star chinese restaurant in the south. It's address is cambridge leisure park clifton way cherry hinton. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sounds great! Can i get a reference number after it is booked?
Your reservation is for 2 people on Wednesday at 12:00. The reservation number is LERUQAPY.
Great. I also need a train from kings lynn to cambridge that morning. I need it to get in by 8:00. 
I have train TR5831 that leaves at 07:11 and will arrive in Cambridge by 07:58. Would that work for you? 
Yeah, that works for me. Thanks for the help.
How many tickets would you like?
I won't be needing the train after all. Thank you for the help!
OKay! You're very welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you that will be all
Have a great day!
I need a place to stay in South of town.
Okay, do you have any price range you're looking for?
It doesn't matter on the pricing or about having free parking. I would like the hotel to be like a guesthouse. 
Aylesbray lodge guest house fits your needs. Would you like me to book that for you?
That won't be necessary thanks.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes actually, could you book that for me? I've changed my mind.
That's fine. I'm here to help. For how many people and how many nights will that be?
The stay is for 4 of us for 3 nights.
What day would you like that reservation?
Friday, please, and for 3 nights. Thank you! 
Booking was successful. Your reference number is PYDLXTII. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train on the same day as my hotel booking that goes to cambridge that arrives by 20:00 and departs from stevenage.
OK, any date or time preferences?
Friday, and after 20:00. 
TTR7278 leaves at 17:54 and arrives at 18:43, cost is 12.80 pounds per person, would you like me to book you?
Yes please, that would be wonderful. I would like a booking for 4 people, and the reference number, please.
I was able to book you for 4 tickets on train TR7278.   The total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station.
Could I get the reference number? 
The reference number is M8CQ8Y16. 
Thanks, that's all I needed today. You've been a great help. Goodbye!
Thanks for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye. 
I am looking for a restaurant. I would like something cheap that has Chinese food.
I've heard good things about the lucky star. Need a reservation?
Yes, could you make a reservation for 1 at 20:00 on Saturday?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FDLFKTZM.
Thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome. Thank you! Have a good day now!
Thanks, you too. Goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good-bye
Im looking for places to go in Cambridge , near east part of town and a nightclub in same area
I'm sorry, I haven't found any nightclubs in the east part of town, would you like to try a different area?
No, I need to stay in the east, can you look for swimming pools instead?
Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is located in the east at Whitehill Road. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, can I have the postcode and the entrance fee, please!? 
I'm not showing any information on the entrance fee.  The postcode is cb58nt.  The phone is 01223902088 is you would like to call them about the cost.
Thank you, can you also give me information on any restaurants in that area? 
I have 9 different restaurants in the east. Do you have a type of food you are looking for? 
I don't have a food preference type. I just want something expensive.
We have 5 expensive restaurants located in the east. The grafton hotel restaurant, yu garden, royal standard, pipasha restaurant, and sitar tandoori. Would you like to book for any?
Anything that is available for 6 people on tuesday at 19:15.
My apologies.  I tried to book at the east expensive restaurants for Tuesday at 19:15, but there was nothing available. Do you have a different day or time preference?
Can you try 18:15?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YP7M0T3J. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a taxi from the pool to the restaurant. Make sure I arrive by my reservation time please.
Your taxi is booked.  It is a grey bmw and the contact number is 07156793987 and will pick you up at the pool. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should be all I need.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!
thank you for using out service 
I need to book at taxi to take me from the Fez Club to the Cambridge Punter.
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I actually need to leave after 05:30.
Your booking is complete.  A yellow ford will be picking you up.
That's great, before you go, could I get the contact number for the taxi, please?
The contact number is 07857775322.
Thank you so much for your help. Have a great day!
You're welcome, I'm glad I could help. If you need anything else feel free to ask.
I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge. I prefer a cheap, 4 star hotel. 
I have he cambridge belfry in the west area. It is cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Does this place have free wifi?
Yes, the cambridge belfry has internet.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights, beginning on Friday.
You are booked and your reference number is CK82ZWXD. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, can you help me find a train into Cambridge? 
Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Birmingham New Street
We have several trains to cambridge the earliest leaves at 05:40 and the latest one leaves at 23:40.  Do you have a specific time you would like to leave? 
If I could leave on the first one after 16:30. that would be perfect.
What day would you like to travel?
On Friday, please.
The first one after 16:30 is the TR6477, leaving at 16:40. Would you like a ticket on this train?
Sure.  I would like 5 tickets, please.
Good news! Booking was successful, the total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : K5EOIMR6.  Is there anything else?
That will be all. Thank you!
No problem, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Hi! I'm looking for someplace to go in the centre.
Sure! Do you have any idea what you want to do?
It doesn't matter.  I just need a phone number and entrance fee.
I would recommend Great Saint Mary's Church.  The phone number is 01223350914, and the fee is 2 pounds. 
I also need a hotel with free wifi and e a 2 star 
Three places meet your needs, but two are in the north and one in the east, did you want me to go with those or run another search?
It should be a guesthouse and very expensive 
Nothing fits all of that criteria. Would you like me to find you hotels that are expensive, have more than 2 stars, and are guesthouses?
yeah, check hotels instead of guesthouses
Express by hoilday inn cambridge is a hotel in the easy, as 2 star rating and is expensive 
Awesome. Thanks. Can you book that for me?
Sure, what day do you want to begin your stay? How many days do you want to stay and how many people?
Three people starting on saturday for four nights please.  I also need a reference number.
Your reservation for 3 people at express by holiday inn cambridge this Saturday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 3OTVBMSS. 
That sounds great, thank you!
May I help you with anything else ?
Thank you for booking that hotel stay for me. That will be all for today.
Enjoy your stay, goodbye!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should be in the type of guesthouse
What area of town?
It should be in the west and have a star rating of 4.
how about finches bed and breakfast?
I'd like to book for 7 people 2 nights on saturday please
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FNAJHEWG.
Thank you for your help
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, there's nothing more.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day!
I would like to know more about Rosa's b&b
Sure Rosa's is located on the south side of town, is in the cheap price range and is rated 4 stars.
Okay great. Can you book me a room for 7 people and 3 nights starting from saturday?
I'm sorry Rosa's does not have rooms available for those days.  Would you like to try a different hotel?
Yes, do you have a different cheap hotel available?
I have none in the same area, would a different are be okay?
Just please can you find a place in the same price range. I'll need a reference number please.
Alexander bed and breakfast was able to be booked, reference number is A36615HD.
Thank you so much!
Thank you for using our system!
Can you help me find a place to stay that has free parking? It doesn't need to include internet.
I found a variety of choices. Let's narrow down the selection. What part of town would you like to stay in?
Definitely the south part of town, thanks.
Aylesbray lodge guest house is available, would you like to try them?
Are there any hotels with free parking, or just guesthouses?
There are three guest houses and a hotel. Do you have a preference for price range or number of stars?
Anything you recommend will work fine. Can I have the phone number of the one you pick?
I would recommend the Lensfield Hotel. You can reach them at 0122355017. Anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, please. I need a train from Cambridge to London Kings Cross.
On what day are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by 8:00.
I have train TR8335 that will arrive in London Kings Cross at 07:51. Would that work for you?
Yes thank you. I also need the travel time and the departure time please.
Train TR8335  departs Cambridge at 07:00. The duration of the trip is 51 minutes.
Thank you.   You have satisfied all of my requests.
Thank you for calling. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do. Goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel with a 3 star rating and free parking 
There are 2 hotels with a 3 star rating and free parking. Would you like to stay in the centre or south?
Either is fine. I'd like a guesthouse.
Sorry, I was mistaken. There are 3 guesthouses matching your request. One each in the south, north, and west. Would you like to book one?
Yes please. Which is the cheapest?
I can only tell you they are all in the moderate price range. Do you have any other preferences?
No. I would like to make a reservation for Wednesday for 3 nights and 8 people. I will also require a reference number.
I was unable to book your stay at any of the three hotels. Would you like to change the length of your stay or change the day?
Can you please try a 2 day stay.
Booking was successful for the bridge guest house. Your Reference number is : LBEOV690.
Thank you. Have a nice day.
Thank you. Have a nice day.  
I need some help finding a train to Cambridge.
I'd be happy to help. Can you tell me more about your trip? Where will you be departing from, and on what day would you like to travel?
Departing from peterborough on friday. I should arrive by 10:00
And what time would you prefer to leave?
I would like to arrive by 10:00
There are 8 entries that match that. Is there any time that you want to leave?
Doesn't matter.  Just pick one.
The TR1662 leaves Peterborough at 05:19, arrives Cambridge 06:09. Care to book a ticket?
Yes. Actually, I would like to book 8 tickets for that train, please.  
Ok, the train was successfully booked. The total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: AYILO5E4
I am also looking for a restaurant in the west and in the cheap price range that serves korean food.
There are no establishments that fit your specifications, unfortunately. Would you like to search for a different type of cuisine, or a different price range?
Why don't you try vietnamese food.
There is one vietnamese restauarant in the area, would you like me to book that?
Yes, please book it. I would also like the address.
The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. How many people people and for what day and time?
I just needed that info. Thank you. 
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thats all i wanted thank you 
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to stay that has free parking and free wifi?
There is lots of places to stay. Do yo have any more preferences ?
Yes I would like a guesthouse in the north.
I would suggest the acorn guest house.
That sounds great do they have a room for just me? I'm checking in Thursday and will be staying 4 nights. 
Yes, they have a room available for you and it's booked for 4 nights starting Tuesday, your confirmation number is VRN7SQL2.
i am also looking fora train from cambridge on monday
What is your destination?
I am going to Stevenage.
There are 10 available trains that day. Could you please provide me with your departure time and what time you would like to arrive by?
I would like to leave after 18:30.
The TR9082 departs at 19:21. Would you like me to create a booking for you?
No need to book. Can I please get the travel time for that train please?
The trainID TR9082 and will leave at 19:21 and arrive at 20:10.  The cost is 12.80 pounds. 
Okay thanks so much. I appreciate the help. 
There is another train, TR6530, that leaves at 21:21 and arrives at 22.10.  The cost is 12.80 pounds.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can I get the travel time for that train? 
Sure the travel time is 49 minutes. Would you like to make a reservation for that train?
That was all I needed today, thanks!
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I am interested in staying at the A and B Guest House, could you help me book my stay?
I can! I would just need the day you be checking in, the length of your stay and the amount of people you are checking in with.
Oh yes, sorry. I would like to check in on Wednesday for 4 nights and there will be 7 of us. 
I have booked a and b guest house for 4 days for 7 people Reference number is GDH3Z9CI.
Great and I'd like to find some entertainment.
I have 5 results for entertainment. Do you have a particular area of town you're looking for entertainment in?
Oh, I don't mind where it is, but I'm thinking I'd like to visit something with boats.
I have four attractions involving boats, would you tell me if East, North or centre would be most convenient?
Any one will do. I would just need to know how much it costs and the address and phone number for it. 
The entrance fees for the boat attractions are not available, would you like any more info?
Well, the phone numbers and addresses of these boat attractions would be helpful.
Of course.  Camboats, on the east side, are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton.  You can call them at 01223902112.
I also need the entrance fee.
I'm sorry but I have no information on the entrance fee listed.
Okay I will give them a call.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all thank you.
You're welcome. I'm here if you have additional questions.
Thanks again.  Good bye.
Have a good day!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves canapes in the east.
Unfortunately there are no restaurants serving canapes in the east.
Ah, well, too bad. In that case I think that'll be everything that I needed. Thanks and have a good day!
Are you sure? I can find other options in other parts of town?
How about italian food?
There is the pizza hut fen ditton in the east serving italian food.
Great! Please book a table for 6 at 16:15 on Saturday
Sorry, but no tables are available for that time slot. Would you like to change the time?
How about 15:15 then?
Your table is booked. Your reference number is QW8JZWZK. Can I help you with anything else?
Great. Thank you for your help today. That is all. 
Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
I need a train that will be leaving from cambridge by 16:30, can you help me with this please?
Where would you like to go and on what day?
I need the train to leave on Monday before 16:30 for Ely.
There are 10 trains leaving before 16:30. What is the earliest you'd like to leave?
The latest I can leave to arrive by 16:30 please. 
The last train that will arrive by 16:30 is train TR7177. It departs at 15:50 and arrives at 16:07. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, but how much is the ticket going to be and how long is the travel time?
The travel time is 17 minutes and the price of the ticket would be 4.40 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, and once I am in Ely I need a place to stay on the north side of town with at least a 1 star rating, and has wifi.
There are 11 possible selections in those parameters, do you have a preferred price range? Would you like a guesthouse or hotel?
Any price range and area is fine. But, is it possible to look for a 3 star hotel or guesthouse instead. 
Hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north with a 3 star rating and moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room for you?
If they have free parking, yes.
Ok. I'll need the day, length of stay, and number of people. 
First, do they have free parking?
I apologize. Yes, Hamilton Lodge provides guests with both free wifi and free parking. I can set you up with a room if you like. 
Not at this time. thank you so much for the information. That's all I need today.
Have a nice day!
Could you help me find a train that leaves on a wednesday after 8:45? 
Can you tell me where you are leaving from and where you are headed to? 
Certainly.  I need to travel from Leicester to Cambridge.
The first train after 08:45 is the TR1672, which leaves at 09:09.
I need it for four people please. 
Of course. Your reference number is TE5QEU4H. The total is 151.19 payable at the station. 
Great thank you I also need to find a guesthouse in a moderate price range.
There are several guesthouses in the moderate price rance. I can recommend the Archway House. They're in the north, have 4 stars, and offer both free wifi and parking. 
Can you find one in the south, actually?
I have the aylesbray lodge guest house or the bridge guest house. Would you like me to book one for you today?
Can you try booking at the Aylesbray lodge for 2 nights, and may I have the postal code?
How many guest will be staying with you at the lodge? Will the booking be for 4 guests also?
I actually think I will book myself later. If I could just get the postal code and if they have internet?
The postal code is cb17sr. They do have internet. Is there anything else I could help you with? 
No that's all the info I needed. Thanks for all your help
Okay, have a good day.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve chinese food
Charlie Chan is a great choice! would you like a reservation/
Which area is it in?
It's in the centre of town.
Thanks for you help. That is all I need for now.
Great! Have a nice day!
I'm looking for something to go to in Cambridge.
What area of town were you looking to visit?
It doesn't matter. I'm looking for a nice museum.
Broughton house gallery is a nice museum. Would you like the address?
Yes, please. May I also have the postcode and the area of town?
They're in the center of town. The postcode is cb11ln.
Thank you, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves European food. 
I have 5 different restaurants available. Do you prefer to dine in a certain area of town? 
NO preference but lets try one in the center area since the museum is there.
There are three choices, erania, michaelhouse cafe, and darrys cookhouse and wine shop.  Any preferences?
Please get me a table for six at Erania for 15:30 on Wednesday. 
Very good, I have your reservation for 6 on Wed at 15:30 made at Eraina. The reference number is 9IEPCLQU. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Yes, I'll be needed a taxi from the museum to the restaurant to get there in time for the reservation.
I have booked a black Toyota. The contact number is 07957232666. Would that be all for you?
A Black Toyota Taxi?
Yes. Is there anything else I could help with? 
No, I have everything I need for today.  Thank you.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great evening. Goodbye. 
I'm looking for moderately priced rooms. I'm willing to pay for parking, though.
What area of town are you looking to stay in?
It doesn't matter to me. Is there anything available?
Well, we have three hotels, the Ashley, Cityroomz, and Lovell Lodge, as well as fifteen guesthouses. Would you like to know about any of them?
No I diffidently want a hotel.  Ashley sounds good can I book a stay on Thursday?
Sure, how many people and how many days do you want to stay?
I need 3 people for 5 nights starting thursday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3UJ7212U.
I also need a train leaving the same day as hotel 
Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving London kings cross. I need to be in Cambridge by 15:45.
There is a 13:17 that would arrive by 14:08.  Would that work? 
That's perfect! Please make a booking for 3 and provide the reference number once you're done. Thanks!
Your reservation for 3 tickets on the TR2512 train at 23.60 person was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : 1MKW1ZCT. 
Thanks for all your help! That will be all. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our service today!
I'm looking for a sporting attraction in the city centre. 
I don't have any sporting events in the centre. May I try a different area?
Maybe we could try swimming instead?
Yes, the Parkside Pools is available with that criteria. The phone number for it is 01223446100. Do you require any other information about it?
please find me the address.
It is located at Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly.
I am also looking to eat out. Expensive Welsh food. 
I have nothing that match your search. Do you have another preference ?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the centre? 
May I recommend Bedouin? It's an expensive african restaurant in the centre of town. 
How about an expensive restaurant in the centre that serves Indian?
There are 5 restaurants that fit that criteria, Would you like me to make a recommendation?
Yes please, I would like a quiet place as much as  possible.
The Golden Curry should meet your needs.  What day and time would you like to book the table and for how many people?
I would like it for just me because I don't have friends, for 11:45 on Tuesday. 
I've made those reservations and the reference number is  B1J73EIY.
Can you also arrange a taxi for me? I need to go from Parkside Pools to Golden Curry and arrive there by 11:45.
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a yellow Honda and their contact number is 07951132532.
Thank you very much for all your help today. That is all I need for now.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
Hi, can you help me book a taxi to go from Jinling Noodle Bar over to Tenpin? 
I'd be happy to help you, when would you like to arrive at tenpin?
I would like the taxi to arrive in Tenpin by 21:45.
Booking completed. Please look out for a grey BMW! Contact number is 07914917823. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all I needed. Goodbye!
Enjoy your time in Cambridge! Goodbye!
I'm looking for Korean food in the east area.
There are not any Korean restaurants in the East.  Would you like me to look in a different area of the city? 
How about Indian food?
Yes there are four different restaurants. What is your price range? There's moderate to expensive available.
It does not matter, the price is whatever. Just book me one for Saturday. 
What time do you want me to book for?
I need a table for 5 people at 14:30. Could you give me a reference number?
Curry Prince is highly recommended.  I booked a table for 5 at 14:30 on saturday, your reference number is FZLK0ZCF.  Can I help with anything else?
yeah i need info on stuff to do in town.
Is there a specific type of attraction you're looking for?
Yes, I need the address for a swimming pool please. 
My favorite pool is Parkside, in the center of town. 
That would be fine can I get the address please?
Yes, the address is Gonville Place. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all I need for today. Bye. 
Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I need a taxi at Cambridge Museum of Technology to go to the Museum of Classical Archaeology.
When would you like to get there?
I need to leave after 09:45.
Booking completed! Booked car type blue audi  contact number	07885719005 
That's super. Thank you for your help. Goodbye.
Have a lovely trip! Contact us again if you need further help. Goodbye!
What kind of restaurants are on the east side of town?
There are British, Indian, Italian, International, and Chinese restaurant. Plus a gastropub.
I would like an Indian restaurant.
Curry Prince is located in the east area and serves indian food.
What is the address and phone number?
Their address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and phone 01223 566388.
Thank you goodbye.
Glad to be of service.  Goodbye.
Yes, I would like an expensive hotel in the center and what type of attraction is in the area in walking distance?
Would you like me to find a hotel first or the attraction?
I'm actually looking for a train. I need to go from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Tuesday. I need to leave after 19:15.
TR4809 departs at 20:11, would that work for you?
That would be great.  I need to reserve seats for 4 people on that train.  
You are all set.  The total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station the Reference number is  1I1USKBS
Thanks!  Oh, I'm also looking for places to go in town at the city centre.  I need some form of entertainment.  Can you help?
There are many different attractions in centre. Is there a certain type that you'd like?
An entertainment attraction would be nice.
Sorry, I got no results for entertainment in Centre, is there something else I can look for?
Can you search for a theatre instead?
There are 4 theaters in the area, the ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre and the Cambridge Corn Exchange.  Let me know if any of those appeal to you.
Can you give me the phone #, address, and postcode for the ADC theatre? 
The phone number is 01223300085.
I also need their address and postcode as I asked before please.
Their postcode is cb58as and their address is park street. 
Thank you. That is all I need.
You welcome, have a great day.
I feel like spoiling myself so find me an expensive place to eat in the centre
What is your favorite kind of cuisine?
Lets try some halal food?
I'm sorry, but I could not find any listings for restaurants serving halal style food. Do you have any other favorite types of cuisines? 
Ok, well how about african food?
Bedouin is an African restaurant in the centre. It's expensive, but I hear it's great. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would be wonderful. Could you reserve for 6 people at 17:15 on Monday?
It is all booked, reference number is HYTD7MDQ
Thank you. I would also like to find a train, please.
There are thousands of trains going in and out of Cambridge! Can you be a little more specific?
I and going to Peterborough from Cambridge on Tuesday.
Okay and what time would you like to leave?
I want to arrive by 19:00. I don't mind when I depart.
The TR5009 fits your criteria. It arrives at 8:24. Would you like to book tickets?
No thanks .  I need the departure time and the ticket price.
I will look that up for you.
Thank you for your time and help with this.
Departure Time is 7:34 and the cost is $16.50 pounds for TR 5009.
I need a taxi to take me to finches bed and breakfast
Sure! What is your departure site?
I'm departing from aylesbray lodge guest house.
Okay, when do you want to leave?
Anytime after 11:45 will be fine.
Your booking is now complete.
Can I have the car type and contact information?
I have a red bmw with contact number 07394368470.
Perfect, that's all that I need. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a nice visit to Cambridge!
Can you find me a guesthouse with free parking?
I have a few guest house that offer parking, is there a certain pricerange you are looking for?
No, anything with availability is fine. I also don't care if it has internet or not.
How about leverton house? They are located in the east and are cheap.
I changed my mind about the internet. Does Leverton House have free wifi?
Leverton house has internet. Would you like help booking a room? 
No, I just really need the postcode.  Is this a moderate?
The postcode is cb58rs. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes. What is the price range for Leverton House? 
Leverton House is in the cheap price range. Is there any other information I can get for you?
That is all I need for now. Thanks.
It was a pleasure and thank you for contacting us.
Hello, I would like information on an attraction named the Regency Gallery, thank you.
Regency Gallery is a museum in the center of town. What information do you need?
Just need to know what area it's in.
The Regency Gallery is in the Centre. The Address is 39 fitzroy Street. Would you like to know any other information?
I need to book a train that will arrive in Cambridge by 9:15.
Not a problem. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Friday.
Where will you be traveling from?  
I'll be coming from Leicester.
There are 3 trains that arrive before 9:15, one arriving at 6:54, one at 7:54, and one at 8:54. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
How about the 8:54. Can you please book for 7 people and provide me with the reference number?
Seven tickets are booked for TR4256 departing Leicester at 07:09 arriving in Cambridge at 08:54. Total is 264.59 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is KWI8652L. Will that be all?
Yes, that is everything I needed. Thanks for your help.
Excellent. Have a great rest of your day!
I'd like a train to London Liverpool Street that leaves after 10:00.
OK, let me see what I can find.
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Friday.
TR1750 leaves at 11:59 would that work for you?
Yes. Can you book it for 5 people and can I have the reference number please?
Of course. The reference number is 8W9IC5MU and the total is 83 GBP. Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Okay! Thanks for using our service.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town
I have two restaurants. They are Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum.
What type of food do each of them serve?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is Italian, and Restaurant Alimentum is Modern European. Would you like information on either of them? 
Yes, what is the address and phone number for Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?
The address for pizza hut cherry hinton is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the phone number is 01223 323737 
What type of food do they serve? 
They serve italian food.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye
Goodbye again.
Goodbye. 
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves seafood. Can you help?
I have one, Loch Fyne. Would you like to make a booking? 
Yes please, do you know how much it costs?
The restaurant is expensive.
I would like to book somewhere with moderate prices. What other options do I have?
I have 21 restaurants in the moderate price range but none serve seafood, would you like to try another type of food?
How about one that serves modern european.
I have the riverside brasserie located at doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Would you like reservations?
yeah, i need reservations for 6
When would you like those reservations?
I'd like them for Friday at 18:15, please. Table for 6.
Would you like a reference number?
Of course I'd like the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BLM7RVCW.
thank you that will be all
Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay with free parking.
We have many places to choose from. Do you have a specific price range or area you want to stay in?
No, but I would like a guesthouse.
We have 21 of those, would you like to narrow your choices down by location or price range?
Can you give me the address of the one you recommend?
I recommend the arbury lodge guesthouse on the northside. Its in the moderate price range and its located at 82 arbury road. Will that be all today?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes, they do offer free wifi and parking. Would you like reservations?
I don't need a reservation just yet, but can you give me the address?
Absolutely, the address is 82 Arbury Road, CB42JE.  May I help with anything else?
No, that is everything, thank you for your help.
You are welcome! Have a nice day.
Are there any 4-star places to stay that also have free wifi?
Yes, there are 21 places found. Do you have a specific area in mind?
I prefer something in the north. And a guesthouse would be better. 
I have eight places, do you have a price range in mind?
No, but free wifi and four star please. 
The Acorn Guest House is a nice 4 star guesthouse in the north with free wifi. Would you like me to book a room?
Please book it for 1 people for 2 nights starting from friday.
You've been successfully booked and your reference number is TJZMY6L9. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I'm also looking for a cheap place to eat that's also in the north.
I found two cheap places in the north. 1 indian on Victoria Ave and 1 italian at 20 Milton Rd both in Chesterton.  Is that all?
Let's try the Italian one.  Can I get the postcode and phone number for it, too?
Da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy and their phone number is 01223351707.
Great, thank you for all your help today.
Anything else I can help with?
No, that would be all. Thanks. Bye. 
Enjoy your stay!
Hi, I'm looking for a train that leaves after 12:00 and departs from Cambridge. 
I will also need your arrival destination and day of travel please to complete this request.
I would like to go to Leichester on Tuesday.
On what day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving on Tuesday. 
I have 12 trains that match your criteria.  They leave every hour starting at 12:21.  Do you have a preference of time?
That first one sounds good, the one that leaves at 12:21. Can you book that train for 2 people please. 
Your total is 75.59 GBP, which you can pay at the train station. Your Reference number is : ATZTDM9Q.
I'm also looking for some entertainment around the center of town, do you have any suggestions
Sure, I can help you with that?  Was there a type of attraction you were looking for? 
I was actually looking for an entertainment venue. 
I have nothing in the venue right now. Do you have other preferences ?
How about a theatre?
we got 4. can i recommend one?
Yes, please. I need the theatre's entrance fee, address and postcode.
I recommend the adc theatr, postcode 	cb58as, address park street.  No entrance fee.
Ok that sounds perfect, thank you. 
You are welcome.  Anything else I can help you with?
That is everything thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a museum in the east of town. 
Cambridge Artworks is a museum in the East. Would you like further information?
Yes please give me the phone number.
The phone number is 01223902168.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
How much is the entrance fee?
The entrance fee is free. 
Sounds great! I'm also looking for a train to birmingham new street. Are there any that leave after noon on saturday? 
Okay, and where will you be departing from?
From Cambridge please
TR4137 leaves at 12:01 on Saturday. Would you like me to book you seats?
Yes, please book it for two people. I need the reference number as well. 
Ok, the booking was successful, the total fee is 120.16 GBP at the station, and the reference number is I4DEKFL7. 
Thanks a lot have a good day. 
Likewise! You're most welcome!
Hi there. I want to come into the Cambridge area and thought of an airplane but its is extremely costly. I am wondering about a train instead.
We have dozens of trains into Cambridge every day. Where will you be coming from, and on what day?
I'll be coming in from Broxbourne on Sunday. I want to arrive by 19:30. Can you help me?
I have 5 trains leaving broxbourne heading towards cambridge. Do you have an arrival time?
Yes, 19:30 like I said previously. I will need 2 tickets. 
What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave at 19:30 and need two tickets. Please send me the reference number and telephone number to the train company.
Is there a certain time you need to arrive by. I have several options.
I need to arrive by 19:30.
I'm sorry but just to clarify.  Are you hoping to leave or arrive by 19:30?
I would like to arrive in Broxbourne from Cambridge by 19:30.
I havea train that arrives at 18:32 Should I book this for you?
Yes, please. Can you book me for 2 tickets?
Done! Your reference number is 7VR15FZ8. The tickets come to 28.64 Pounds, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes please. I need to find a hotel on the north end of town. An expensive hotel.
Unfortunately, there are no expensive hotels in the north. Do you want another area or a different price range?
Yeah, moderate would be okay as well. 
Do you have a star preference?
Yes, it should have four stars.
How about the acorn guest house?
that will be fine.
Would you like me to book it for you?
NO, i just need  you to get phone number and postcode
OK, phone number is 01223353888, postal is cb41da, can I assist with anything else?
no thats all thanks
No problem, have a great day.
I need to book a train for Monday going to Cambridge please.
There are quite a few trains that could suit your needs. Can you tell me where you would like to depart from?
I'll be at London's Kings Cross and wanting to leave after 11:45 am.
There is a train that leaves London Kings Cross at 13:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. Does that time work for you?
Yes, that sounds fine. Can you book me tickets for 8 people, please?
Your booking was successful. The total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 2EGCVFWC
Thank you goodbye
Thank you and goodbye.
Before you go, could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the city centre?
Do you have a preference for the type of food? 
Yes, I'd like some classic British cuisine.
Midsummer House Restaurant serves British food. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, that place sounds perfect. If I could book for 8 on the same day at 15:00 it would be great. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P0T1HLVC. Is there anything more I can do for you?
That will be all.  Thanks for your time. Bye.
You're very welcome, enjoy your Cambridge visit!
African food in the cetre of town /
It seems there is one restaurant in the centre of town, Bedouin. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is it in the cheap price range?
No, it is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book you a table?
no i need cheap. is there one that serves spanish food?
La raza serves cheap spanish food. Would you like me to book you a table?
Well, would you be able to give me the contact information, address and postcode? I want to be sure it's close to where we're going that night.
The address is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, phone number is 01223464550, postcode is cb23ll
am also looking for a train. The train should leave after 15:00 and should leave on sunday
What is your destination?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge.
Excellent. And where are you coming from?
I will be departing from London Liverpool Street. 
Ok, I have Train TR6946 leaving at 15:39 and arriving by 17:07, would you like me to book a ticket?
Yes please, just one ticket and I'll need the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GSIGVNEW.
That is all I need. Thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre service!
Hi, I have a business meeting and I'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the city centre.
Sure, I can help you with that.  Did you have any specific requirements?  
I'm sure Moroccan food will impress my clients. Are there any restaurants that serve it?
Unfortunately you won't be able to impress your clients. We don't have any Moroccan restaurants in town. Do you want to look for something else?
Can you search for British food instead?
Yes, there are several. Would you like an expensive one such as Fitzbillies to impress your clients?
Yes, please book a reservation at Fitzbillies for 4 people at 13:30 on wednesday. Oh! Can I please get the reference number?
Okay your booking was successful and you reference number is  9H9V7J2Z.
Thank you. I also need info on a college to visit in the town centre. Anyone will do. Whatever you recommend.
Corpus christi college located at king's parade and the postcode is cb21rh.
Great thanks, what is their entrance fee and phone number? 
their phone number is 01223338000 and the admission is 2 pounds
Thank you for all your help. Goodbye.
Goodbye! Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.
There is an expensive Italian restaurant named Frankie and Bennys at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Would you like to go there or choose another? 
Great yeah that sounds great can you book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on Sunday?
Unfortunately there are no tables available, please try another day or time slot.
How about 10:30 on sunday? And may I have a reference number?
I was able to book a table for 5 at 10:30 on Sunday. Your reference number is MBC9E6AL. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
Are there any fun places to go in the centre of town?
There are many things to visit including museums, theaters, colleges, nightclubs, parks, swimming pools, cinema, boating, concert halls, and architecture attractions. 
Recommend a swimming pool for me please.
I have parkside pools in the centre of town on gonville place postbcode cb11ly.
What's their phone number, and how much does it cost to get in?
01223446100. I don't have access to their entrance fee. Is there anything else you need help with?
Yes. I need a place to stay. Free parking and free wifi are important to me
Great, I have several options for you. Do you want a hotel in a particular part of town?
No but it needs to be in the moderate price range. 
What about acorn house? It is a lovely guesthouse.
I would rather have a hotel. I need it for 8 people for 3 nights. Is there anything available?
I have two hotels on the north side that fit your criteria.  I would suggest Ashley Hotel.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
The Ashley Hotel sounds great. Can you reserve a room on Thursday for 8 people, 3 nights please? 
I will reserve it for you.
Ok, thanks for that. What's the reference number?
Your reference number is 739P7NDS. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes please, I'll need a taxi from the pool to the hotel.  I'd like to leave the pool by 05:15.
I have booked a taxi from Parkside pools to ashley hotel at 5:15.  The contact number 0735652974. Do you need anything else?
What kind of car is the taxi? 
It's a grey BMW.
Thanks!  That's all I need.
I hope you have a good trip.  Goodbye
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves Welsh food.
There are no Welsh restaurants in the north of town. Would you like something else?
Italian
Da Vinci Pizzeria would be your only option in the north. Would you like their address and phone number?
That would be great thanks!
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707.  May I help you with anything else? 
That's it, goodbye
Thank you, goodbye.
Thanks!
You're welcome.
I'm looking for a hotel called the a and b guest house. Can you help me out?
Yes, what would you like to know about it?
I'm hoping to book a room for 8 people on Friday.  We will be in town for 4 nights.
I was able to successfully book that for you. Your reference number is XUSQ4E7T. Is there anything else I can do for you today? 
Yes, I need a train that leaves after 9:30
I can help with that.  What are your departure and arrival stations please?
I am departing Cambridge and going to Peterborough, on Tuesday please. 
How about TR9522? It leaves at 09:34. 
That sounds good. Could you give me the arrival time and the travel time?
Train TR9522 departs at 09:34 and arrives at 10:24. The travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like to book any tickets? 
Yes, please go ahead and book the tickets. Can I have the reference number as well?
7KKKCLIP is the reference number.
Thank you so much for all your help today.
Is there anything else I may help you with today?
No, that is all I will be needing.  Thanks again.  Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye
I need a train that goes from Broxbourne to Cambridge please. 
What is your departure day and time?
I need to depart on Thursday and arrive by 08:30. I do not care when I depart.
TR5725 leaves at 0632 and arrives at 0732.  Would you like me to book?
Yes, Thank you.
I'd be happy to book that for you. How many tickets do you need?
Just one.  May I have the reference number for that?  I would also like information for visiting a park in the town center.
I've booked the train. Your reference number is DQL62WQR. There is one park in the centre - the cambridge university botanic gardens. What information are you interested in?
I would like the postcode, address and a phone number, please.
Postcode is cb21jf, address is bateman street, and phone number is 01223336265. Thank you
amazing, thank you!
Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?  
No, looks like I have everything I need.  Thanks so much.  Bye.
Enjoy your trip and please do not hesitate to give me a call if you need further assistance.
I feel like visiting a museum, find me one please
We have lots!  What part of town will you be in?
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend one and provide info on it?
cambridge artworks in the east is rather nice. It has free admission and is located at 5 greens road. Is there any other information I can provide?
No, that is fine. I also need a train that should arrive by 11:15 and should leave on saturday.
Did you have a departure site or destination in mind?
Oh duh, sorry! I jumped the gun there! I'd like to go to Cambridge from London Kings Cross.
TR4824 leaves london kings cross at 9:17 and arrives at 10:08. Would you like to book tickets?
How much would the ticket cost?
The cost of a ticket is 18.88 pounds. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Not right now, but could you give me the estimated travel time for the train trip?
The travel time for TR4824 is 51 minutes.
cool that's all i need thanks
thanks for inquiring from us. have a great day
Thank you for helping me today. 
And thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Take care!
I'm just looking for Great Saint Mary's Church.
That's a great choice! It is an architecture attraction in the centre of town at market square, postcode cb23pq. The phone number is 01223350914 and the entrance fee is 2 pounds.
Thank you so much! You gave me all the information I need today. I appreciate your time.
You're Welcome. Have a great day!
Good bye. 
Thank you for contacting us. 
Oh my! I totally forgot that I also need to find a place to stay. Can you find me an expensive place that is 3-star rated?
We have the Gonville hotel and the Lensfield hotel available. Which would you like to book?
Can I book one with free parking?
Both have parking, so you'll be set. Would you like me to try the gonville? How many nights were you interested in?
I would need a room for 5 nights, for 4 people please.
What day would you like to check in?
Monday would be great.
Alright, I have your room at the Gonville booked. Reference number is: C66M3FWQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that should be all, thanks!
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I want to find a restaurant serves corsica food please. 
We have no matching results.
How about gastropub?
What part of town would you like?
I do not care
Does the price range matter to you?
Nah, whatever you can find is cool.
There are four results matching your query: backstreet bistro, royal standard, the cow pizza kitchen and bar, and the slug and lettuce. 
What is the address of Backstreet bistro?  Phone number and post code?
The Backstreet Bistro's address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre, postcode is C.B 1, 2 Q.A and the phone number is 01223 306306.  Anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you, goodbye.
Enjoy the restaurant and have a nice day. Good bye.
I'm looking for information on a train that will arrive at 20:45 Wednesday.
I have 318 trains running on Wednesday, to help narrow it down where will you be departing/arriving?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to kings lynn.
Train TR3234 leaves at 19:11 and arrives by 19:58. Shall I book that one for you?
Yes. Thank you very much.
Great. I have booked your ticket, your reference number is : NSRUZ1F6. May I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. That is all.
I'm glad we could help. thank you and goodbye! 
I am looking for a restaurant named Hakka. Can you tell me how to get there?
Hakka is located on the north side of town on Milton Road Chesterton in post code CB41JY. Do you also want their phone number?
i would like to book a table for 7 at 11:15 on monday.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number QMH1W33E. Can I be of further help to you?
No, you have helped me greatly.  That is all I need today.  Bye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day!
I need a taxi to arrive by 17:30 at the cambridge punte.
I would be happy to help with your request. Did you mean The Cambridge Punter?  Where will you be departing from?
Yes, the Cambridge punter and I will be departing from the city stop restaurant.
Ok, what is your departure site?
As I said, I am departing from the city stop restaurant.
Alright, I have a grey lexus and the contact number is 07807857780.
Thank you so much for you help.
You are welcome. May I help with any other bookings?
No, there is nothing else. Bye bye.
Alright, have a great day!
I need the name and phone number for a cantonese restaurant on the west side of town.
Do you have any preference regarding price range?
No.
There are no Cantonese restaurants located in West. Are you interested in another type of cuisine?
Vietnamese sounds good.
Thanh Binh is in the west part of town. Would you like the phone number?
YES PLEASE AND THE ADDRESS AS WELL.
The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, and the phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you good bye.
You are welcome.  Goodbye.
Hi! I need to find the restaurant Pizza Express Fen Ditton.
OK, I've Pizza Express Fen Ditton. Would you like the phone number or address for that?
Yes please, also what type of food do they serve?
They serve Italian food, and they're located at Jesus Lane Fen Ditton, cb58ba. Their phone number is 01223324033. Can I help with anything else today?
No that is all I need bye bye.
Thank you, have a good day, goodbye.
I'm traveling to Cambridge and looking for places to go. Are there any good colleges to see? 
There are quite a few for you to choose from.  Did you have a particular area of town you would prefer to spend your time in?
No, any area will do. Can you recommend one?
I sure can.  How about corpus christi in town centre?
Yes that sounds great. Can you give me the address for that college? 
King's Parade, cb21rh. Is there anything else you need to know?
No, I just need help finding a place to stay.  
I'd be happy to help with that. May I ask if there is a price range or area you prefer? 
I need a guesthouse in the moderate price range that includes free parking. 
We have 14 places matching your criteria. Lets narrow this down. Is there an area you prefer?
No, I'm really not picky.  j
How about the Acorn Guest House? It is in the north area and has 4 stars with free internet and parking. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday.
i will book you and get back to you, you are welcome
Can I please get the reference number?
The reference number is T8N3WK5T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, Yes, I will need a taxi from the Acorn Guest House to corpus christi college. I also did not get the college address.
What time will you be traveling?
I would like to leave my hotel by 22:00.  Would you mind getting the college address for me?  
The college address is king's parade cb21rh. The entrance fee is 2 pounds. Is there anything else I can get for you?
Yes i need to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 22:00 and go to the attraction please.
For how many people?
Just the 4 of us
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a red Ford and the contact number is 07500369982.
Perfect. That's all I need help with. Have a great day.
You, too. Please call if you need anything else. Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and need to find a place to stay.
Not a problem. We have 33 places to choose from. Do you have any preferences?
I need someplace cheap near the center of town. Free wifi and free parking are a must.
There are two places that fit your criteria. Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai. Which are you interested in?
Let's book El Shaddai for 4 people for 2 nights starting Sunday.  Can you please send me the reference number?
Your reference number is QLYJQKTY.
I will also need a train departing from Cambridge.
I will need more information to be able to help you find the correct train, where are you headed?
I need a train on Tuesday from Cambridge to London Kings Cross that arrives by 8:30.
I have two trains. One arrives by 5:51 and 7:51, shall I book one for you?
No, that's OK. Can I get the latter train's ID, departure time, and how long the trip is?
The TrainID is TR3343. It departs Cambridge at 7:00 and arrives at London Kings Cross at 7:51. The trip duration is 51 minutes. 
Great, thanks. I think that's all I need. Thank you for all of your help.
You are welcome. Have a great trip!
I need to find a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. 
The Curry Prince is in the moderate price range, and it is on the east part of town.
Can you send me the address and the phone number of this restaurant? 
Yes, the Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388. Can I help you with anything else? 
No, that will do it, thank you very much.
Thank you. Good bye 
Hello, I am going to be visiting Cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel called the Warkworth House. 
The Warkworth house is a guesthouse on the east side located at warkworth terrace. Their phone number is 01223363682. Would you like help with anything else?
Perfect I would like to book it for 7 people
What nights would you like me to book it for?
We will arrive on Saturday and stay for four nights.
The booking was successful and your reference number is D786QB5S.
I also need a place to go. In the center, to do multiple sports 
Unfortunately there are no sports attractions in the centre of town. Should I broaden your search?
How about a college instead?
I have 13 colleges. Would you like more info on any of them?
Surprise me, please. I just need their address, phone number, and entrance fee.
Gonville and Caius College is in centre. Phone is 01223332400. It's free to get in, and the address is trinity street. Do you need anything else? 
No thank you that is all I needed. 
Great.  Thanks for letting us assist you today!
I am looking for a restaurant named Meghna.
Meghna has Indian cuisine and is found on the west end. Can I make a reservation for you?
What is the price range for Meghna?
Meghna is in the moderate price range. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train leaving Cambridge. 
Sure! First, I need to know your destination and what day you want to travel. 
Heading to Norwich on Tuesday
There are several trains that day, is there a certain time you'd like to leave by?
I would like to leave after 15:16
Train TR6524 leaves at 15:36 on Tuesday. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, but I would like the price, arrival time, and travel time, please.
The price is 17.60 pounds and you would arrive by 16:55. The total travel time is 79 minutes. 
Thank you so much for all the information! That's all I'll need today, thanks again.
welcome to cambridge
thanks and i look forward to my stay
am sure you will enjoy
I need to find a train that departs from london liverpool street. 
There are many options that may suit your needs.  Is there a particular day you are wanting to travel on?
Yes I  want to leave on Tuesday.
What time would you like to leave on?
I don't care about departure time, but I need to arrive by 10:15
There is a train departing at 07:39 and arriving by 09:07 that fits your needs. Would you like me to book it for you?
I'm not sure. How much is it?
16.6 GBP per ticket 
I'm also looking for a place to dine. I need a restaurant in the south, in the expensive price range that serves mexican food.
I have chiquito restaurant bar. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, but I do need the phone number, address, and postcode please.
the address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton cb17dy and the phone number is 01223400170.
ok thank you so much
It's no problem. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is everything I needed.  Thank you for your help!
Of course. Have a good one. 
I'm interested in finding a restaurant that serves Tuscan food.  Do you know of any in the moderate price range?
no I am sorry I don't have anything but I'm sure I could find you something that is simply Italian.
I'm sorry. I'm only looking for a place that is moderately priced and serves Tuscan food.
I apologize, but it appears tuscan with the moderate price range does not have any result.
That okay. Italian does sound fine, actually. Could you find a moderately priced Italian restaurant instead? 
I found Prezzo in the west part of town, would that work?
Yes, that works. Please book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on Wednesday. Can you do that?
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Can we try another day or time slot?
Can we book the table for 8 people at 18:00 on Wednesday please?
Sure.  No problem.  Your reference number is 7U1BWJ5Q.
Thank you, that's all I need!
Thank you, goodbye.
I need to find a place to stay in town with atleast a 4 star rating. Wifi optional. 
I see 21 hotels so let's try to narrow it down. Is there a price range you want to be in?
The hotel should include free parking and should be in the cheap price range.
There is one hotel and a number of guesthouses.  Do you have a preference?
Do any of them have free Wifi?
They do.  Do you prefer any specific area of town?
I do not have a preferred area.  Which ones have availability for 6 people for 5 nights Starting Thursday?
alexander bed and breakfast is a nice place.would you like me to book it for you ?
I need to get out of Cambridge quick! Can you find me a train for tomorrow, Tuesday? 
I can help you. What is your destination?
I would like to arrive to Cambridge from Broxbourne and would like to leave after 15:45.
A train is leaving Broxbourne at 16:32, arriving Cambridge at 17:32. Shall I book a seat for you?
Yes. I actually need 3 seats
The booking was successful.  Your reference number is Y25Y52KM.
Can you find me a place to stay in the centre. I don't need internet.
I'm sorry, I'm not finding any matches, would you like to try something else?
No thank you I will call back
Ok. Is there anything else you need? Information about attractions or a restaurant reservation perhaps?
Well, I do need a place to stay. How about one with free wifi in the centre of town?
Do you mind if it's a guest house? The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is an inexpensive 4 star guesthouse offering both free wifi and free parking.
No, I really would like a hotel in the centre with free parking and it can have wifi. 
All of the 4 star hotels in the area are expensive. Would you like me to drop the star rating for you, or are you okay with it being expensive?
If there are no hotels with free parking in the centre, how about one with free wifi?
The university arms hotel sounds perfect: hotel in the centre of town, expensive, 4 stars, with internet and parking. Can I book a reservation for you?
I guess that will work book for 2 please
OK. What day will you want to check in, and for how many nights?
I would like to check in on Tuesday please. And I want to stay for one night.
OK, you're all set. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. That would be all. I appreciate your help. Take care. Bye. 
Did you need a reference number or anything like that?
No thanks. I forgot I should wait to book until I am sure how many people we will have. Thanks though. Good night!
Okay, have a great day!
I need a place to stay in Cambridge. I'm looking for a hotel with 0 stars. 
Is there a certain area you would like to be in?
I don't really have an area in mind. I would just like for it to have free wifi and be a hotel instead of a guesthouse. 
Cityroomz over in Centre would work perfectly for you then!  They do have free wifi and are a moderately priced 0 star hotel.  Would you like a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 nights for two people starting on Monday.
I have booked the cityroomz for you for 5 nights starting on Monday.  The reference number is MSZ63RPW.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would also like to find a train from Cambridge.  
Okay where is the destination and what day would you like to travel?
I am going to birmingham new street on Saturday. 
What time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I would like to Arrive by 12:45 thank you 
I have 7 trains matching your criteria.  They leave every hour starting at 5:01 to 10:01, and then one more at 23:01.
Please book one for the same group of people, just choose one and remember it must arrive by 12:45
Okay, your reference number is G1LZ1JM3. Is there anything else you need?
Nope, I'm done. Thanks for all your help.
Have a nice day.
I need help finding a train leaving Cambridge after 20:45.
Many trains leave Cambridge around 20:45, what is the destination?
I need to get to london liverpool street.
I have several options for you, and the price and exact departure time varies by day of the week. Do you have a day preference?
I would like to leave on Thursday
Train TR3695 leaves 21:59 and arrives on 23:27.  Would you like to book it?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
welcome again some other time
Hi, I'm looking for a nightclub in town please. 
There are several nightclubs in town. I recommend ballare. It is found in the center of town.
Okay, could you tell me he postcode and the entrance fee?
Sure thing! Entry fee is 5 pounds and postcode is cb23na.
I would also like to eat in the center of town. 
We have many dining options available in city centre. Do you have a price range or style of food you would prefer?
Are there any steakhouses in the centre?
Unfortunately not. Do you want to broaden your search?
Can you find something with italian food instead?
Oh, great choice. I love Italian too. There are several options. How about Zizzi Cambridge?
That sounds great, what's the price range for Zizzi Cambridge? 
Zizzi Cambridge is relatively cheap, but the food is sublime. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds great, please do.
I'd be happy to. Can you tell me a date, time and how many people in your party?
It will just be for me on Wednesday. I would like it to be for around 4pm.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your Reference number is : UWZS9JSU.
I would love a taxi
I can help with that. What is your departure site, destination, and the time you need it?
I want to depart the restaurant at 05:00 to go to the attraction
A yellow Tesla will pick you up, and the contact number is 07267272725. Can I help with anything else today?
No, I believe that's all I need today. Thanks for your help.
Have a great day. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I need to find the nearest police station.
The Parkside Police station is located at postcode CB11JG, Parkside Cambridge.  Anything else I can help you with?
May I have the phone number for the police station please?
Their phone number is 01223358966. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you, good bye.
Goodbye. Hope you have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Well, I am here to help, but I need to know what you want me to look for.  
Pardon my mistake, my migranes make my head a little foggy at times, can you help me find an expensive chinese place to eat at?
I found 9 great choices. Is there a specific area of town you want to be in?
It doesn't matter. I trust your judgment.  I need a reservation for friday.
Okay, how about ugly duckling?
That sounds great.  Can you book a table for 5 at 13:15?
Your reservation is all set. Your reference number is 3FF42HU1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The train should leave after 13:15 and should leave on saturday. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to leicester. book for same number of people
There is a 13:21 that would get you there by 15:06.  How does that sound? 
Great. Can you book for five people and give me the reference number for that?
I have that booked for you with a reference number of 1XMFVN8T. Is there anything else I can do for you to make your trip as easy as possible? 
That's all I needed today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
Ok. Take care have a nice day. 
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am so excited to try some of your local restaurants.  Can you help me choose one?
Sure can, what type of food would you like?
I would love to find a good british place in the centre of town. 
There are 11 British Resturants in centre. What price point would you like? 
I'd like one in the moderate price range, please.
Excellent. I have 5 options for you. Restaurant One Seven is a moderately priced British restaurant on Regent Street. Would you like the phone number?
Please make a booking for 7 people at 18:15 on Tuesday.
Reservation is booked your Reference number is : GGJCV0HF. May i help you with anything else?
I am also looking for some places to go around the restaurant. Any recommendations? 
There are many attractions in the centre, do you have a preference about which kind you would like to visit?
What do you have near the restaurant?
you would love all saints church
Alright, please tell me the phone number and address there, as well as the entrance fee
You can reach them by phone at 01223452587. Entrance is free. The address is jesus lane.
Great, that's very helpful. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can do?
That is everything that I need.
Have a good time, good bye. 
I would like the address to the Carolina Bed and Breakfast hotel in Cambridge.
It is located at 138 perne road	
What is the price range of the Carolina Bed and Breakfast?
It's in the moderate price range.
Thanks, I'm also looking for places to go in town. I'm particularly interested in colleges. Any recommendations?
I have 18 different colleges available. Is there a particular area of town or price range you're looking for?
You can choose which ever is best, can I have the postcode?
Clare Hall is a favorite of mine is the west. The post code is cb39al. May I help you with anything else?
No that takes care of it,thank you 
I'm happy we could be of service, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hey, could you tell me if there are any panasian restaurants in the east side of town?
I'm not finding any restaurants matching that description. Would you like to try searching a different area?
no
OK. Would you like me to check for a different type of cuisine?
Are there any chinese restaurants on the east side of town? If so, what is the address, phone number and post code?
yu garden is located at 529 newmarket road fen ditton. Its phone number is 01223 248882 and the postcode is CB58PA. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and good bye to you as well.
Hi, I'm looking to book a train ticket to Liverpool Street station in London. Are there any that depart at or around 18:00?
There is a train departing Cambridge at 17:59 on Wednesday.
I'm actually looking for one on Friday. Are there any that will arrive by 18:00 at Liverpool on Friday?
There is train leaving for Liverpool Street at 5:59 on Friday arriving at 7:27. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes and can you tell me the price of the ticket?
It would be 16.60 pounds
Thank you, that will be all.
Okay, have a great day
Thank you.
Good-bye.
Hi, I am looking for attractions in the centre.
Fantastic! There are many attractions in the centre of town. I'd suggest checking out the architecture at All Saints Church on Jesus Lane. It has free entrance. Would that work?
That sounds amazing! Thank you. Could I have the address and phone number of the church please? 
All Saints is on Jesus Lane and the phone number is 01223452587.  Can help with anything else today?
What is the attraction type for All Saints?
It is a architecture type of attraction.  Can I answer any other questions?
Yes, I am looking for a specific restaurant named midsummer house restaurant. What can you tell me about this place?
It's an expensive British restaurant in the center of town.
Perfect. Will you book a table for 1 on Wednesday at 11:15 and send me the reference number please?
Unfortunately, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for a different time? 
How about 10:15?
Okay, that worked! You're reference number is 5E9ZFFML. 
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.
Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.
I found nine cheap guesthouses.  Would you like to book at the Allenbell?  It has 4 stars and is in the east side.
Do you have anything on the North side?
There are two options on the North side, City Centre North B and B or Worth House. Would you like more information about either of those establishments?
I'd like to book Worth House for 2 people starting Sunday for 4 nights. Can I get the reference number please?
I was able to book the Worth House for you for 2 guests for a total of 4 nights. Your reference number is ZB2FS6W4.
Thanks so much, I appreciate the help. 
You are certainly welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I'm also looking for an Indian restauarnt in the same area as the guesthouse.  
There are two Indian restaurants in the North, The Nirala, which has a moderate pricerange, and Royal Spice, which has a cheap pricerange. Which would you like to book?
Actually can I just have the phone number and address to The Nirala please?
The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton and it's phone number is 01223360966.
Thanks.  I will also need a taxi to take us back and forth to the restaurant at 17:45.  Can I get the car type and contact number?
I have booked you a blue volkswagen from worth house to the nirala at 17:45. The contact number is 	07301287073
Thank you for your help. That's all I need today!
You're welcome, goodbye! 
Can I get some information on a train?
Sure! Please provide your itinerary. 
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester on Monday.  I want to leave after 16:30.
I have a train leaving at 17:21 with arrival at 19:06. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. I would like the price, train ID and travel time please. 
The train ID is TR2696 it leaves at 17:21 and arrives 19:06 the travel time is 1:05 with a price of 37.80 pounds. 
Perfect. Thanks for that info. Now please find me a restaurant that serves crossover food in the centre
There aren't any in that area, should we try another?
How about one that serves Chinese food?
Why yes I do. Ugly ducking has great chinese food and the rice house is pretty good as well
ok, what's the phone number for ugly duckling?
That's odd. Ugly Duckling doesn't have a phone listed. I can give you their address, or I can book a table for you?
i would like the address please.
The address is 12 St. Johns Street City Centre.
What is the postcode for that address, please?
Their postcode is cb21tw, is there anything else you need?
Thank you for all your research--you saved me time. Great service. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Asian Oriental food located in the south. Can you help?
There are no Asian Oriental restaurants in the South. Would you like me to try another area?
What is the closest asian restaurant that is cheap?
I don't have anything that is cheap in the south.  Can I try something else?
Can you try a chinese restaurant in the same price range and area?
I have the lucky star. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes, please, for 5 at 18:45 on Saturday.
I was able to book your table for 5 on Saturday.  The  Reference number is : CAQB4I7N.
thanks. i also want a train that departs from london kings cross
OKay, where is your destination?
I need it to go to cambridge and arrive by 15:00.
What day do you need to book the train for?
Tomorrow if it is available 
Tomorrow, as In Sunday?
I want to book it for the same day as the restaurant and the same party.
I successfully booked your 5 tickets for Sunday, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : N30IQYXX.
that is all i need today. thanks for helping
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for something entertaining in town later and I've got some things in mind.
What are your ideas? what area of town and what type of attraction?
I'm looking for a theatre in the centre.
There are four theatres in Centre: ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre and The Cambridge Corn Exchange. Would you be interested in any of these?
Cambridge Arts sounds good, can I get the phone number? Is there any entrance fee? And then a nice expensive dinner in the same area please.
Cambridge arts theatre phone is 0122350333, no entrance fee information is available.  There are 33 restaurants in your price range, do you have a food type preference?
Yes, I like there to be Cuban food.
I am sorry but there are no Cuban restaurants available.  Would like another type of food?
Hmm, I'll try Japanese instead.
we have wagamama located in 36 Saint Andrews Street. can i book for you?
No thank you I just need the postcode. 
The post code is cb23ar. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you book me a taxi that will pick me up  from Cambridge Arts Theatre at 07:15 and take me to Wagamama?
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	grey volkswagen Contact number	:	07275251696 Can I help with anything else today?
That will be all today. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system today!
I am looking for information in Cambridge
What information are you looking for?
I need some places to go. Maybe some place in the centre are of the town. Multiple sports type? 
Unfortunately there are no multiple sport type attractions in the centre of town? Would you like info on another attraction or in another area?
Can we try to find a theatre? I'll need the phone number, please?
I recommend the Mumford Theatre. They are located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. Their phone number is 08451962320. 
Thank you. I also need information on a train to Leicester on Thursday.
I have several options, what is your timeframe like?
I need to arrive by 20:00 please.
and from where will you be departing?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.
The TR3564 will get you there by 19:06. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes, please. I need 6 tickets.
The reservations have been made and the reference number is F82V85K4. and the total fee is 226.8 GBP.
No thanks!  That's it for now.
OKay I am glad I could assist. 
Goodbye and thanks. Have a great day.
welcome anytime you need us
I need a restaurant in the centre of town. 
I can book you a table at J restaurant.
I would like a restaurant that also serves indian food please. 
There are 9 results. Is there a certain price range you are wanting?
Do you have a recommendation?
The Curry Garden is delicious but it is also expensive.
Great book for 2 on friday at 13:30. I need the reference number.  I need to get train tickets too then
I was able to book you at the restaurant.  The Reference number is : JWD13X11.
Great. Could you also help me with a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge. I need to leave after 19:45 on Sunday.
There are four trains leaving kings lynn after 19:45. They leave hourly starting at 20:11 until 23:11. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes I need a booking for 2 people.  Please book the one leaving at 20:11.
Train TR1120, departing Kings Lynn at 20:11 has been booked for 2 seats. Your reference number is O5BX1Y1G.
I'm so sorry, I misspoke, I need the train on Saturday. Is it possible to change the reservation?
The train is for Saturday you are all set 
Oh ok, thank you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. I think we've covered it all.
Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for information in Cambridge. Can you help?
I'd be happy to help you with all things Cambridge. What can I help you find today?
I'd like to find a restaurant called Cotto, please.
Cotto is located on 183 East Road City Centre and has the postcode cb11bg. Is there anything else I could help you with today? 
I'm also looking for an attraction called Riverboat Georgina. 
Riverboat Georgina is located at cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, phone number 01223902091. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, what is the attraction type?
The attraction type for the Riverboat Georgina is "boat." Can I be of any further assistance today? 
I don't see it. Is there any other attraction types it's listed under? 
No, that is the attraction type listed in our database.  It is listed as a boat attraction.
Okay, I think that will do, thank you so much. 
Your welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That is all. Thank you! 
Your welcome. Thank you for contacting us. 
I'm looking to stay at a 4 star hotel that includes free parking. 
Sorry there are no four star hotels that offer free parking would you like to try something different? 
Oh no.  Could you look to see if there are any 4 star hotels that offer free wifi instead and are in the north section?
I have about 8 different options for you. All are guesthouses. I have one that is cheaper and the rest are moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
I don't, so please pick one. I will need the price range and phone number.
The Archway House is a nice moderately priced guesthouse. Their phone number is 01223575314. I can make a booking for you if you'd like.
No thank you. I am looking for a train for sunday though.
What are your departure and destination sites?
Going from Broxbourne to Cambridge. 
When would you like to arrive?
I have to find a place to stay pretty quick.  It has to have free wifi so I can work.  Can you help me find something?
Yes, what is your price range and in what area would you like to stay?
I don't care where it is.  I just want a cheap guesthouse.
The AllenBell is in the east. Their number is 01223210353. Can I book that for you?
As long as it has free parking and internet that will be fine.
Yes it does have both free internet and parking.  Can I help you make a reservation?
Sure. Would you book that starting Friday for 3 nights for 7 people?
Unfortunately, I couldn't secure a room at a cheap guesthouse for those nights. Would you like to try a different price range?
Can you make the same reservation but for 2 nights instead of 3?
I was able to successfully book that room for 2 nights. Your reference number is K7TSORMC. Is there something else I can help you with? 
Yes I need a train departing Cambridge that arrives by 17:30. 
Sure, where will you be traveling to and what day?
I will be travelling to leicester and it should leave on sunday.
I can get you on the TR2-25, leaving at 5:21 and arriving at 07:06. 
That sounds good, please book that for 7 people.
Thank you, I booked you 7 seats on TR2025 departing 05:21 and arriving 07:06. The cost is 211.67 GBP and your reference number is 5GWIPH95. 
Thank you. That will be all. 
Terrific, thanks for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I am looking for some attractions in downtown Cambridge/
There are 44 attractions listed, do you have a specific interest?
What types of attractions are there?
Architecture, boats, cinema, colleges, concert halls, entertainment, museums, sports, nightclubs, parks, pools, and theatres. What part of town would you like to be in?
What about a museum in the centre of town?
Yes there are 11 museums in the centre.  There are art museums, science museums, archaeology.  All of them have free admission!
I'd also like a guesthouse with 0 stars.  I don't need wifi or parking but should be in same area as attraction.  Can you help with that?
El Shaddai is the perfect match for you. It is located at 41 warkworth street. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, that sounds great. Thank you.
Do you need anything else?
I need the hotel to be booked for 4 people for 5 nights starting on Wednesday.  Is this possible?
I have made those reservations and your reference number is IE05GDQS.
Great, thanks so much for all your help. Have a good day! 
You, too. Thank you for calling and have a great day! Goodbye.
Can you tell me more information on the avalon? 
I can!  The avalon is a guesthouse in north.  What other information do you need?
Can you help me book a 5 night stay there?
Absolutely!  First, what day did you want to arrive, and how many guests will be staying?
I'll need to book for 3 people for a 5 night stay starting on wednesday.
Not a problem, I have booked your stay there already. Your reference number is HNG3AW8R. Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a train to Birmingham New Street on Sunday.
Your only departure site is cambridge. And the cost is 60.08 pounds. 
That's where I am leaving from. I'll need tickets for 3 people and we need to leave after 15:30.
Train TR6725 will be leaving at 05:01 D o you want me to buy a ticket ?
No, I need the train to leave after 15:30. Can you help me find a train at that time?
TR2776 will be perfect for that time. Shall i book it for you ?
Yes, please.  I need three tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 180.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : M27VMT7N.
Great, that is everything, thanks for your help.
Okay, I hope your visit is wonderful!
I am looking for information in Cambridge
sure, what can i help you with?
I'm looking for a place called clare college. Can you find the postcode for me?
Clare College's postcode is cb21tl. Do you need any more information?
i also want  a train that leaves on thursday and goes to cambridge
What time would you like to travel, and then what will your departure site be?
I'll be departing from leicester and would like to arrive by 13:15.
Okay the TR9225 leaves at 11:09 and arrives by 12:54. 
Ok please book that for 3 people.
Okay, I have you booked on that train.  Your reference number is 0D5FWSGL.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, that will be all thank you for your assistance. 
Please let us know if there is anything we can assist you with in the future. Have a great trip! Goodbye.
I need a list of cheap places to stay that include free parking.
Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
Okay, does that place include free wifi and it is 4 stars?
Yes, the Alexander has free wifi and is a 4 star hotel.  How many nights will you be staying?  
I will be staying 5 nights starting from Saturday. 
Thank you so much for that information. How many people in your party so I can make the booking for you?
Yes, can you book it for 6 people? 
Booking was successful. Your reference number is QIT1W09H. Do you need anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to Kings Lynn that leaves on Sunday.
There are 19 trains leaving Cambridge on Sunday. When would you like to depart?
I want the train to leave after 16:30.
I can put you on the tr8665 with this train you will arrive at 17:58, how many tickets would you like?
I need 6 tickets, please.
Done! The total fare is 47.04 Pounds, payable at the station, and your reference number is 6CXB3CA2. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
welcome anytime you need to know about anything
I'm looking to eat at a place that serves british food in the east part of town.
I have found the Grafton Hotel Restaurant  at 619 Newmarket Road. Would like a reservation?
Is the restaurant in the expensive price range?
Yes it is in the expensive price range.Do you want the address ?
I will be flying into Stanstead airport on Wednesday and need to connect with a train to cambridge from there, can you help me?
Sure, what time are you looking for?
I'd like to leave after 13:30.
There is a train from Stansted Airport to Cambridge on Wednesday at 14:24. The trip will take 28 minutes and cost 10.10 pounds. Do you want to book now?
Yes please get me 8 tickets.
I have booked 8 tickets. The total for that is 80.8 GBP and is payable at the station. Your confirmation code is C7D09SVQ.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a museum to visit?
In what area would you like the museum to be?
In the west please, I am open to suggestions just let me know what the postcode, entrance fee a number are.
I would suggest Kettle's Yard. They are on Castle Street in the west. They offer free entrance. Their address is 23 High Street, Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223748100.
Kettle's Yard sounds great. May I have the postcode please? 
Sure.  The postcode is CB30AQ.  It is free to enter.   Would you like further information?
No, that should be all I need. Thank you so much!
Thank you enjoy your day.
I would like to book a meal at a chinese restaurant.
I have results for 17 chinese restaurants, what area are you looking to dine in?
I would like it be located in the Centre area.  I like expensive chinese food.
I have 4 different restaurants. If you would like a recommendation, The Ugly Duckling is often known as the best in town. 
Yes you can you book it for 6 people at 12:45 on Friday?
Excellent. Do you want the reference number?
Yes, please. I am also looking for a train.
Where will you be going to and from?
I am going to broxbourne and need to leave cambridge so I arrive by 15:00.
Okay.  Can you also tell me what day you want to travel?
Yes, I would like to travel on Saturday.
I have train TR4334 that departs at 13:01 and arrives by 14:01. Do you think that would work for you? 
That will work. Can I get the price and the travel time please? 
The travel time will be 60 minutes and the price will be 14.32 pounds.
Thank you for the information!  I don't need anything else.  
Great. enjoy your journey.
Can you help me find and expensive restaurant in the west?
We have nine. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I would like to eat at an indian restaurant please.
There are 5 expensive Indian restaurants available in the west. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes, please choose one and book it for 6 people at 13:30 on Thursday.
Ok.  I was able to book cocum on thursday at 13:30 for 6 people.  Your reference number is LTZ2TPIA.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it for today. Thank you for all your help. Good bye.
You are welcome. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Good bye.
Is there a place to stay in the east part of town with free parking?
Hello, yes there are 6 places to stay in the east part of town with parking. What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a place with free wifi as well. Price doesn't matter yet.
All 6 have free wifi included.
Sounds promising.  What type of hotel are the ones you found?
They're mostly Guesthouses, and one hotel.
Can I get more information on the hotel?
The hotel is express by holiday inn cambridge. It is in the east and in the expensive price range. It includes free internet and parking. Shall I book it?
No thanks, I actually have all the information I need. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, I have all of the information I need now thanks to you. 
Great! Have a great day!
I am interested at eating at an expensive place in the west part of town.
We have nine expensive dining establishments on the west side. Cuisines offered are Thai, Indian, European, and British. Do you have a preference?
No I don't have a preference. I want to book for four people at 15:00 on Saturday. 
Okay I booked a table for 4 at 15:00 on Saturday at the Graffiti, an expensive British restaurant in the west area of town. 
Thank you.  Can you please give me the reference number?
The reference number is 5WHDPGHW..  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that will be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!
Excellent. Have a good rest of your day!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. 
There are two Indian and one Italian restaurant. Which would you prefer?
The Italian place and the address, please.
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is an Italian restaurant on the East side of town. The address is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Thank You
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I need train tickets going to broxbourne leaving on monday please.
Where will you be going?
I will be traveling to broxbourne on monday from cambridge and need to leave after 8:00
I have a train that leaves at 8:01 and one that leaves at 9:01.  Both are 17.90 GBP.  Which do you prefer?
Let's go with the one leaving at 08:01. Can you book that for five people for me?
Ok.  I have booked 5 tickets from Cambridge to Broxbourne on TR5517 departing at 8:01 Monday.  The total is 89.5 GBP and is payable at the station.  
Can i get the reference number?
Of course, your reference number is HLGV5NI4.
Excellent. I'm also look for a particular attraction called great saint mary's church.
There is a Great Saint Mary's Church in the centre of the city on Market Square. It is 2 pounds to visit for the fee. Is there anything else?
What is the address and postcode?
The address is Market Square and the postcode is cb23pq.
That is all i need for now.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Could you help me find a moderately priced 4 star hotel?
Unfortunately, I don't have any hotels meeting those requirements, but I do have several guesthouses that do. Would you be interested in one of those?
Yes, I think that would be fine. Something in the north, please.
I have 7 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced and 4 stars, are you looking for internet or parking?
Not really.  As long as it's in the north it's good.
When and how long are you wanting to stay? I can see what is available.
I need it for 4 nights starting on wednesday.
One more question.  How many people are in your party?
Please make the reservation for 2 people.
There are 7 guesthouses that fit your needs. May I recommend Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
Sure, that sounds fine. Can you book that for me? 
There is no availability at Arbury on Wednesday, unfortunately. Would you like to try a different hotel? 
Sure, choose one for me.
Unfortunately, there is no availability at any of the 7 guesthouses for your needs. Do you want to book for another day or for a shorter stay?
How about for 3 nights?
That did the trick. I was able to book for 2 people for 3 nights starting Wednesday at the Acorn Guest House. Reference number is G591ZUVT.
Thank you so much! That's all. Bye!
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train leaving leicester goig to cambridge?
Of course! What day will you be traveling?
I need to travel on Friday and arrive by 19:45.
There are 13 results. Is there a certain time you'd like to leave by?
No, I said I need to arrive by 19:45 already.
18:54 is the latest on tr5154 shall i book it ?
Could you let me know the cost?
Yes, the price is 37.80 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks. I'm looking for info on a bridge guest house.
It's a moderately priced 3 star guesthouse in the south. Would you like a room?
No, i don't need a booking yet. I just would like the address please.
The address is 151 Hills Road. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Nothing more, thank you. That's all I need for today.
Ok, thank you for calling and feel free to call again if you should need anything further.
I'm looking for a train going to kings lynn.
On which day will you be traveling?
On sunday.  I'd like to arrive by 09:45.
I have 4 trains on Sunday from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. The TR8042 arrives at 08:58. Would you like me to book it?
Yes. Make booking for 3 people and can I have a refernce number?
Your tickets are ready . Reference number is : NGHD22EZ.
I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Can you help me find one?
What area are you looking to stay in?
I'm looking for a train leaving after 10:30.
Where are you departing from and what is your destination? 
I'll be leaving from Leicester and want to go to Cambridge.
There are 91 trains leaving Leicaster to Cambridge after the specified time. How does Friday 11:09 sound? 
All right. I need a booking for six, please, and the reference number.
I was able to book the train for you for 6 people. The reference number is 7QAMUGHQ. Do you need anything else?
I need a hotel in the north that has free parking.
There are 11 different hotels. To help narrow it down, can you tell me if there is a price range you prefer?
No not really, I would prefer a guesthouse type of hotel with free wifi though. 
How about the Acorn guest house on 154 Chesteron Road?  It's a moderate price range guesthouse that is rated 4 stars with free parking and wifi.
Perfect. I'd like to book a 5 night stay for the six of us.
Great. Is this hotel stay also starting on Friday?
Yes it is.
Booking was successful, reference number is YN5MH1ZN. Anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that will be all.  Thank you for your help in booking my trip and stay!
No problem! You have a wonderful day!
I will be in Cambridge and am looking for some places to go in the centre while I visit. 
I'd be happy to help you pick one! There are over 40 attractions in city centre; what type of activity are you interested in?
I don't really care.  Can you suggest something?
How about a museum?  Or we have some terrific colleges you could visit.  There's always the theatre as well.
How about a theatre? Can you give me the post code and phone number for one, please?
The Cambridge Arts Theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage in postcode cb23pj. Their phone number is 01223503333.
Thank you! Can you help me find a hotel to stay in? I need it to have free wifi.
Just about every lodging in town has internet (it's 2017, after all!). Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
It needs to be in the same area as theatre and have free parking. I don't care about the price.
Okay its address is located at 6 saint edward's passage and its postal code is cb23pj.
Can you book it for me? Just for one person starting on Wednesday for 5 nights.
I'm sorry, none of the hotels in the centre are free on those dates.  Would you like to try a different number of days?
Can you try for just 2 nights then?
Your booking at the Alexander bed and breakfast was successful, the reference number is L60GOSEU.
Can I please book a taxi to get to the hotel?
Sure.  What time would you like to be picked up from Cambridge Arts Theatre?
I'd actually like to be picked up from Alexander bed and breakfast by 15:30.
I have booked a black BMW to pick you up.  The contact number is 07334398349.
That's all for today.  Thanks for your help!
Thank you Goodbye
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town. 
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the South area. Would you like Italian or Modern European?
Is there anything else? Can I get the phone number please?
The pizza hut cherry hinton is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Their phone number is 01223 323737.  May I help you with anything else? 
Thank you goodbye.
Yes, goodbye.
I'm looking for a nice expensive restaurant in the south part of town
backstreet bistro is an nice expensive one.  
Can you please let me know the address with the postcode and the phone number please?
Backstreet Bistro is at 2 Sturton Street City Centre, post code C.B 1, 2 Q.A. The phone number is 01223 306306.
Thank you.  That is all I needed to know.  Good bye.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
Goodbye.
Have a nice day.
I need train reservations from norwich to cambridge
I have 133 trains matching your request. Is there a specific day and time you would like to travel?
I'd like to leave on Monday and arrive by 18:00.
There are 12 trains for the day and time you request.  Would you like to book it now?
Before booking, I would also like to know the travel time, price, and departure time please.
There are 12 trains meeting your needs with the first leaving at 05:16 and the last one leaving at 16:16. Do you want to book one of these? 
No hold off on booking for now.  Can you help me find an attraction called cineworld cinema?
Yes it is a cinema located in the south part of town what information would you like on it?
Yes, that was all I needed. Thank you very much!
Thank you for using our system.
i am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town.
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Did you have a type of food in mind?
Can you give me a couple of examples of different cuisines that are available?
There is African, Asian Oriental, British, Chinese, European, French, Gastropub, Indian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Mediterranean, Modern European, North American, Seafood, Thai, and Turkish food available in the centre.
Let's go with Korean. What kind of expensive Korean restaurants do you have available?
Little Seoul at 108 Regent Street City Centre is very good.
That sounds good.  Could I get the postcode for Little Seoul please?
The post code for little seoul is cb21dp.
I need the phone number and address of saint catherine's college and a taxi to commute both distance. Need to know the car type and also have the taxi number.
Okay! They are at King's Parade, CB21RL. Their phone number is 01223338300. What time would you like to depart in the taxi?
I need a taxi to commute between the two places. I need to leave the restaurant by 18:15 and need the contact # and car type
I've booked your taxi. You'll be looking for a red tesla. If you need to contact the driver, the number is 07464036678. Can I do anything else for you today?
No thank you.
Okay then have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel with a star rating of 0.
Yes I have 4 examples from cheap to moderately priced.
As long as it includes free parking, price doesn't matter.  Can you recommend one?  I do prefer hotels though, not a fan of guestrooms.
Unfortunately, I do not have anything that meets your criteria. I only have 2 guestrooms that fit your needs, but no hotels. Can I look for something else for you?
How about a 4 star rating instead?
The the cambridge belfry is a 4 star hotel that has a cheap price. Will this work for you? 
That might just work out. Can I have their phone number please?
Of course. Their number is 01954714600. Would you like me to book the room?
Yes please. I would also like a train to broxbourne if that is okay.
No problem, where would you like to depart from, and on which day? 
I would like to leave after 18:30 on friday. I want to depart from cambridge. 
I would like to suggest the TR0943 train. May I book it for you? 
Yes, can you book it for 3 people and provide me the reference number please.
Ok, you have 3 tickets for a total price of 53.7 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is BIY1ALL0. Anything else you need help with?
No, I think that's it, thank you so much! 
Okay, thank you for using our service.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of concerthall and should be in the centre part of town.
I would suggest The Man on the Moon, located at 2 Norfolk Street.
Perfect, could I have the address and postcode please?
The Man on the Moon is located at 2 Norfolk Street, postcode CB12LF.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a 4 star hotel and I don't care if it includes internet. 
Do you have any other criteria for it?
Yes, actually. I would prefer it to be a guesthouse with free parking.
acorn guest house would suit your needs. Can I make a booking for you?
could i have the address and post code
The address is 154 chesterton road.
Thanks! I also need a guesthouse to stay in. 
how about allenball? it's a lovely guesthouse.
No, I am happy with your first suggestion.  Please reserve Acorn Guest House for 7 people.  Arriving Sunday for 4 nights.
I have booked the Acorn Guest House for 7 people for 4 nights, starting on Sunday. Your reference number is FF6FLH9V. 
Well thank you i am done.
great enjoy your stay in cambridge 
Thank you for all the help.
Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye!
I'm looking for some places that serve crossover food.
There is "international" cuisine. Can you elaborate on what you mean by Crossover? There are places that serve what we call "Modern European" food.
Are these places in the moderate price range?
I have The Varsity or Bloomsbury restaurants that both serve international food, are located in the city center and are in the moderate price range.
Well I really need something on the west side. What about moderately priced Indian food?
There is one Indian restaurant on the west side that is moderately priced. It is the Meghna. Would you like to book a table there?
Sure. Can you book a table for 2 people at 12:30 on Sunday? I'll need the reference number please. 
The restaurant is all booked, reference is QAHKT2ZI.
Can you also help me find an attraction called Tenpin?
Tenpin is located on the south side, cambridge leisure park, clifton way. It's phone number is 08715501010. Do you wish to know more?
Yes, could you tell me what type of attraction this is?
Sure, it's an entertainment venue, did you want their phone number?
Yeah, and I would also like a taxi to get to the Meghna from the Tenpin by the reservation time, 12:30. I will need the contact number and car type.
Tenpin's number is 08715501010. I've booked you a taxi in a black ford, contact number is 07634445815. Can I help you with anything else today?
I just need to make sure the taxi will arrive at the restaurant by the booked time of 12:30.
I have scheduled the arrival at 12:30.  If you would like me to change the time, I can certainly do that.
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you for everything.
OK, great, I'm glad you are satisfied. Have a nice time!
I need a 4 star place to stay in the north.
I found 5 guesthouses in the north. The Acorn Guest House has free internet and parking. Can I book this guesthouse?
Not at this time.  Let me think about it.  Thanks!
Okay.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Actually, I would like to book the Acorn Guest House for wednesday.
Certainly! How many people are staying and how many nights will you require? 
It will be 3 nights for 8 people.
Unfortunately, they were not available for that stay. Would you like to try a shorter stay? 
Can we please try for 2 nights?
The booking has been completed. Your reference number is : 01P47PJ5. Is there anything else I could do for you? 
What museums do you have in the centre?
The Castle Galleries are in the centre.
That sounds good. Can you tell me what the entrance fee is?
The entrance fee is free.
Thanks. Can I also have the address and postcode?
Certainly. The address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street and the postcode is cb23bj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help.  Thank you for your time.  Goodbye. 
Great! Have a wonderful day!
I'm coming to visit Cambridge! I can't wait to see all of the local tourist attractions! Do you have any Mediterranean restaurants around there?
Oh yes we have at least three restaurants located in the city center that serve Mediterranean food. They vary in price range. Do you have a preference?
Yes, expensive. The food should serve eritrean food. British if that's not available. 
There is La Mimosa and Shiraz restaurant that are both in the Centre and both expensive.  Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Yes, book the Shiraz for one at 11:00 on Monday, please.
Sorry they seem to be full. Could we try another time/
Um. How about 10:00?
Your booking was successful for 10:00 on monday. Is there anything else  I can assist you with today?
I will need the reference number. Also, I'm looking for places to go in the south. 
The reference number for your booking is AYK7PMNB. Is there any place in particular you wish to go?
I don't know the city very well. Do you have any recommendations for attractions in the south?
There are eight attractions in that area, is there a type of attraction you would prefer?
A museum if you have it, otherwise I'll take what you have at the top of your list.
I can recommend Byard Art museum. Admission is free.
That sounds perfect! Can I have the address and phone number?
Sure. The phone number is 01223464646 and the address is 14 King's Parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need!
Thank you, please let me know if you have any more question.
I want to eat someplace with unusual food. Price is no object. What can you suggest?
I'm sorry, there is nothing meeting your criteria. What other type of cuisine  would you like?
Hmm.  I'm not sure.  It needs to be expensive, and I really had my heart set on unusual.
There are no restaurants anywhere in Cambridge that describe their cuisine as "unusual." Would you like to broaden your search criteria?
Then find a European one.
I have 5 european restaurants to choose from. I have options in the centre, north and west. Which would you prefer to dine in? 
I would like one in the centre area, please.
How about Eraina, which serves European food and is located in the centre of town and is in the expensive price range?
That sounds good! Can you book a table for 6 people at 12:45 on Wednesday?
That booking was successful, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4OQDTI8C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is all I need. Thank you.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
What museums are there in the north area of town?
I'm sorry. There are none.
How about a swimming pool then?
King Hedges Learner Pool is located at Jedburgh Court, Kings Hedges. 
Thank you. I just need the phone number and I'm wondering how much the entrance fee is? 
Yes of course their telephone number is 01223353248 and I do not unfortunately have information on their entrance cost at this time.
Thanks, that sounds great.  Can you suggest a cheap restaurant near the pool?
There are 2 cheap options in the North by the pool. Royal Spice serves Indian and Da Vinci Pizzeria serves Italian. Do you have a preference?
I am actually looking for a restaurant that serves scottish food. 
I am sorry there are not any restaurants that serve Scottish food in the north area. Would you like to broaden your area?
How about Italian food?
Yes, da vinci pizzeria is in the north and serves italian food and is in the cheap price range. Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes please.  There will be 5 of us and we would like to eat on Tuesday at 17:45.
I am very sorry that time was not available at da vinci pizzeria. Would you like to try a different time/day?
How about 16:45 on Tuesday? Can I have the reference number?
I'm sorry, that time is not available either.  Would you like to try another one?
 15:45, 18:45, if not Is there another italian restaurant that I could get a table for 5 at etiher 16:45 or 17:45?
I am very sorry, our system was giving me an error, but I have managed to book your party of 5 at 16:45 on Tuesday. Your reference number is  XRR7UTLU. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I will also need a taxi to commute between the two places.
I have a taxi that can take you from the King Hedges Pool to the restaurant, arriving there by your reservation time of 16:45. Will that work for you?
What is the contact number and what will be the car type?
Contact number is 07516311076, car type is a grey Ford.
Thank you so much!
Anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all I need today. Thanks again! Bye.
Okay enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a cheap spanish restaurant.
There is the La Raza located at 4-6 Rose Crescent. The phone number is 0122364550.
Is it located in the center area?
Yes, it is located in the centre. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes can you please?
When would you like to eat at La Raza and how many people in the party?
I'd like a table for 3 people at 14:30 on Friday please.
You are booked at la raza with the reference number D0K5VZN7. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. What else can I help you with?
I'm looking for colleges in town, are there any in the same area as La Raza?
Yes, there are 13. I'd recommend Corpus Christi. Would you like more information?
get me the address please.
It is at cb21rh King's Parade.
Thank you. Can I get a taxi from there to the restaurant, please?
Your booking was a success.  You have a white Audi and contact number is: 07896876541. Anything else I can assist you with? 
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
sure, i have so many options for you!
Great, what would you recommend for me? 
I would recommend Bedouin,which serves African food and is in the expensive price range.
Can you give me addresss and phone number please
Bedouis is located in the centre of town. Their address is 100 Mill Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223367660
Thanks for that. I also need a train to bishops stortford from cambridge. I need it to leave from cambridge on Friday.
Did you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
Yes, I need to arrive at Bishops by 14:45.
I'm afraid there is no record for such trains, should we try for a different time?
Any arrival time would work so long as it gets to Bishops before 14:45. 
TR8585 leaves cambridge at 13:29 and arrives in Bishops Stortford at 14:07. The price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No but I am looking for a Lebanese restaurant in the city's center.
Ali Baba is the only lebanese restaurant in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
That sounds great.  I need to book it for 5 people at 11:45 on Friday.  Can I get the reference number please?
You're all set. Ali baba will be expecting the 5 of you at 11:45 on Friday. Your Reference number is : UHPZFTUK.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed today.
Thank you for using our service today!
I need a taxi, please. I need to arrive no later than 10:00, and I'm leaving from cambridge lodge restaurant.
May I ask your destination?
I'm going to cambridge book and print gallery.
You are booked for a black skoda with the contact number 07448493514.
Thank you so very much.  I am now finished.
okay. Have fun!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north with in expensive range. 
Sure, is there a type of cuisine you are looking for?
That does not matter, can you recommend one?
how about the city stop restaurant. it's european.
Can you get me their address and phone number?
Sure!  Their address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223363270.  Would you like to book a table?
I also need a room. Four stars, free wifi. 
What area are you looking for?
i want one in the same area as the restaurant
There are a number of options in the north. Did you have a price range in mind? 
Yes, I would want something moderately priced. 
Okay, I recommend the acorn guest house. 
Great! Please book a room for Thursday-- 3 nights, 3 people. 
You are all booked for the acorn guesthouse. Your reference number is 8EXVDFF3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that is all I needed today, good bye. 
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
Is it true Cambridge has the best attractions?  We are looking for something unusual to do in the centre.
There is teh museum of archeology and anthropology in the centre that is free of charge
That's perfect. Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes can you help me find a place to eat too?
I'd be happy to help with your request, what area and what type of cuisine are you looking for?
I would like chinese. 
I'm afraid our restaurant system is currently down.  Can I help you with something else at this time?
i would like to go site seeing
Other than the museum previously mentioned, I also suggest checking out the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens on Bateman Street. 
Ok, I think we've already established the attraction in the town centre. The next thing I need is a HOTEL in the centre that includes free parking.
The bold letters tells me no interest in a guesthouse huh?  I ran a search there are two hotels, gonville and university arms.  Any preference?
i'd like the gonville please. make a reservation if you can for thursday for 1 person, 3 nights. 
Booking was successful.  Reference number is W0P1SD78.  Anything else I can help you with today?
No. That is all for now.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge,
How can I help you today?
I need to know what museums are in the area. Can you suggest one and let me know what area it is in please?
Is there a location preference? 
I don't care what area it is.  I was hoping you could make a recommendation.
What about the Byard Art museum in the south part of town?
Sounds great! I also need a train leaving on Thursday from London Kings cross. 
Okay, there are 10 trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further by departure site or arrival time?
I need to leave after 14:15 
TR5502 leaves at 15:17 and arrives 51 minutes later. How does that sound?
Yes. Please book of 3 people. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : XQWTI43A.
Thank you for all your help.  I really appreciate it.
You are very welcome. Enjoy your time at the museum. If you need anything else feel free to call again.
Are there any cheap Indian restaurants around?
Yes I have 3 in the center and one located on the north side of town. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would prefer the centre.
I think Kohinoor, The Gandhi, or Mahal of Cambridge would all suit you. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
Let's go with the first one, Kohinoor. Do they have a table for 2 available at 1pm tomorrow?
For what day please?
Wednesday, like the girl from the Adam's Family. 
Sorry, there are no tables available. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Another place to eat, any type, Centre and cheap. 
I was able to book you at The Gandhi. Your reference number is R9XJC41B. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Actually, I just found out that another couple will be joining us and we'd like to eat at 17:15. Can you make me a reservation for 4 at that time?
Yes sure. your reference number for the new booking will be 47N2K0RG.
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
i need a train leaving from from birmingham new street that arrives by 11:30
What time would you like to leave and what is your destination?
I want to leave to arrive by 11:30 on Tuesday and Cambridge is my destination. 
There is a bus that leaves Birmingham New Street for Cambridge at 10:40. Would you like to book it?
No thank you, but I would like the travel time for this train.
The travel time is 163 minutes. Is that sufficient?
Yes but I also would like information on finding a restaurant in the city's centre that serves Indian food.
I have 9 different options. To narrow it down some, can you tell me what price range you would prefer? 
I don't really care about the price, as long as it is in city centre. You can surprise me. I'll need a table for 8 the same day.
How about Curry Garden? What time and day would you like the reservation for?
That sounds fine. I would like it booked for 17:45 for 8 people please.
And what day would you like that table reserved?
I'd like it on Tuesday, please.
Sorry, a table isn't available at that time. Would you like to try another day or time, or perhaps another place?
Could you try an hour earlier, then?
Certainly. You now have a table for your party of 8 at the Curry Garden, at 16:45. Your reference number is V24OGNJB.
Great that's all that I need, thank you for your help today.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I want to have some afghan food.
Sorry, no matches found
Is there any Chinese restaurants in the area?
There are many Chinese restaurants. What price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range
Would you  like something in the north or centre of town? 
I don't care
Jinling Noodle Bar is a nice place that fits your requirement
Please give me their number, too.
Jinling Noodle Bar's number is 01223 566188.  Would you like the address?
what type of food do they serve ?
Jinling Noodle Bar is a nice chinese restaurant .
No thank you, goodbye. 
Okay, goodbye.
Could you help me choose a train running from Stansted Airport to Cambridge?
Certainly. Which day would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Sunday after 21:15 please.
There is a train leaving at 22:24 from Stansted Airport on Sunday. Would you like me to book it?
yes, that would be great.
How many tickets do you need?
actually just tell me how long the trip is
The duration is 28 minutes. May I help with something else?
I also need a place to stay in the moderate price range. 
Do you want a hotel or a guesthouse ?
I would like a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range, please.
Sorry, I don't have any 3 star hotels in the moderate price range. Would you like to try a guesthouse or a 2 star hotel perhaps?
I don't care what area. Can you double check please? I also need wifi.
There are no results. Perhaps we could try a different type or star rating?
Sure, let me know what is available.
I have 2 star rating hotels. Would that work for you?
Yes, whateveryou recommend, can we book it for two people and four nights starting friday?
Booking was successful for the ashley hotel. Reference number is : OF50YGXK.
Thanks for your help. Have a great day. 
You are welcome, goodbye til next time.
Hi. I am looking for information about a hotel called Home from home.
I can help with that. It is a guesthouse located in the north. They are moderately priced. It has a 4-star rating and offers free parking and wifi. 
i would like to go there soon, so thank you for the information 
You are welcome! Can I help you book that?
No, thanks. I do need to look for a train, too. Can you help me?
Yes, can you  tell where you are going and coming from please?
I need to leave from Cambridge and go to Broxbourne on Thursday.
Ok, how many tickets would you like?
I need tickets for 4 people. I need something that leaves after 10:45 as well.
We have many trains that match your request, is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
No any of them are fine. Please give me the reference number too.
I have booked your party of 4 on the TR3262 departing Cambridge for Broxbourne on Thursday at 11:01. Your reference is AGMKNY6Z. Can I help you more today?
No, thanks, that was all I needed.
You are welcome. Have a good day.
I was hoping you can help me find a place to dine. I'm looking for an italian restaurant in the west. 
There's 2 Italian restaurants in the west, one cheap and one moderate in price. Which price range do you want?
I would prefer a moderately priced one.
Prezzo restaurant is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes I would like the reservation for 1 person friday at 13:45. 
Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes you should not have to ask and always provide the reference number.
I am required to ask by management. 
You really should be giving me the reference number now.
Your reference number is : 8XWH8Q5E.
I am also looking for a hotel that is 4 stars and has free wifi. I need it in the same part of town as the restaurant.
There are two hotels in the same area as the restaurant and meet your requirements.  What is the price range you are looking for?
I am looking for price range that is not cheap or expensive.
There are no moderately priced hotels in the area you are looking for. Would you like to search another area, or price range?
lets try cheap
There is one. It is the cambridge belfry. Do you want to book?
Yes, please. For 3 nights, and starting on Friday.
Sure, how many people will there be?
There will be just one person.
I booked it for one person. Your ref number is AB62FM758, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thats all thanks !
Thank you and have a good time in our great city!
I'm looking for an entertainment spot in town. 
We have choices in the South, East, and West.  Do you have a preference for any location?
No, just tell me one you think is nice. 
Try the nusha. It is in the south. Their phone number is 01223902158
May I also get the postcode, the address, and the entrance fee?
The address and postcode for Nusha are unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road, cb17dy. There is no entrance fee information available.
Great! Thank you very much.
Glad I could help. Do you need anymore assistance?
No, that is all for today. Thank you
Thanks for using our service today. Goodbye!
Hello, I am looking for a hotel in the south that is moderately priced.
I can't find any hotels, but I did find a guesthouse called aylesbray lodge guest house with that criteria.
I'd prefer a hotel.  It should have a 4 star rating.  Can you check again, please?
Unfortunately all we have is the aylesbray lodge guest house	
Okay, do you have any hotels with a 3 star rating instead?
There's one with 3 stars - Bridge Guest House. It's in the south and is moderately priced, and they have free wifi and parking. Would you like to book a room?
I guess that's fine, book it for 6 people for 2 nights, We'll be there on thursday.
I was able to book your party of 6 into Bridge Guest House for 2 nights starting Thursday! Reference: GAAQJAQQ. Can I help more today?
Yes, I'm also looking for info on Wandlebury Country Park.
Wandlebury Country Park is located at wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham. Is there any other information you need today? 
Can you give me their phone number please?
The phone number for Wandlebury Country Park is 01223243830. Do you any further assistance today?
thanks. i want to leave the hotel by 24:45.
Do you mean that you want to book a taxi? If so, what will your destination be?
Yes I do. I want to leave the hotel by 24:45 to go to the park. 
Your taxi will be available and has been booked.
Wonderful.  Can you provide me with the contact number?  Also, what kind of car is it?
Of course, sorry about that.  Look for a red Lexus.  The contact number is 07951076280.  Can I be of further assistance today?
Nope, that's it. Thanks! 
Very please to have been of assistance today.
I need a train into cambridge on wednesday, please.
I can certainly find one for you. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
Sure.  I'm leaving from Cambridge.
You're leaving from cambridge going to cambridge?
No. I need to leave from leicester and arrive in cambridge. I also need to arrive by 10:15.
TR7703 will depart leicester Wednesday at 8:09, arriving in cambridge by 9:54, would you like to book a ticket?
Yes I would like to book a ticket on TR7703 for Wednesday morning, thank you.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : KW6ZO219. Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay great. Thank you for your help.
Okay great. I am glad I could be of help!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Thai food, please.
There is one in the west and one in the centre of town. Do you have a preference in area?
I don't have a preference in the area. I suppose you could book me a table for two people at 12:30 on Saturday. Also, could i get the reference number?
I booked you a table at the sala thong in the west area for 12:30 Saturday.
Thanks, please provide the reference number.
The reference number is XLRSFB9Q. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Thank you for booking that. Could you please book me a taxi to leave from the centre of town at my hotel to the Sala Thong for Saturday at 11:30?
In order to book the taxi, I will need the location of your hotel. 
I need to find a restaurant in the wast part of town.
The Sala Thong restaurant is in the west part of town.
I need a place to stay. I would like it in the same price range as the restaurant with free wifi and parking located in the east.
There is only one hotel that fits that, the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, would you like to stay there?
yes, please book it for 2 people on saturday for 4 nights. Will you give me the confirmation number when that is complete?
 Sure, booking was successful. Your confirmation number is 7MG032V9.
Could you also book me a taxi between the two location. I would like to be to the restaurant by 12:30.
 The booking was completed, you are set for departure at 11:30 at the Express by holiday inn and their contact number is 07518044119. Is there anything else?
What is the car type that will be picking me up?
The car is a black tesla.
Okay, that's all I need. Thank you!
Enjoy your trip!
I would like to know if you have any information on a place called Tang Chinese? 
Of course! It's an expensive chinese restaurant in the centre, at Napier Street City Centre cb11hr. May I help with anything else?
Are you able to book a reservation or do I have to call them?
I can attempt to book a reservation for you.  What date are you looking for?
Saturday at 15:15. The reservation is for 1 person.  I also need a train departing from Cambridge that will arrive at my destination by 16:30.
You're booked for that time and your reference number is BE3T5WY3. What destination do you have in mind for your train?
My destination is broxbourne on sunday. 
Train TR4541 is leaving Cambridge to Broxbourne on Sunday at 15:01 and arriving at 6:01. It costs 14.32 pounds. Should I book it for you?
That won't be necessary. Thank you!
Anything else that I can assist with today?
That's everything I need.
Alright, have a great day!
I'm trying to find the Parkside Police Station.
You can find them at Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Thanks! That's all I need.
You're welcome. Would you like their phone number?
I would love the phone number.
The phone number is 01223358966
Great, that is everything I need today, thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for a train leaving from broxbourne and going to cambridge.
Sure, when will you be traveling?
It will be on Saturday. 
Do you have a particular time you would like to leave?
We would need the train to leave after 12:00. 
There is a train that leaves at 12:32.
That will be fine I need the train ID and price please.
Sure the train ID is TR7768 and the cost of the journey is 14.32 pounds.
I also need a place to dine in the centre that serves seafood.
The Loch Fyne is the only available restaurant in the centre that fits your criteria but it is an expensive place to dine, will that be alright?
I would like to book a table for 2 at 17:45 on Saturday.  What is the reference number please?
I was able to book it, reference number is A1ZSFEZ5.
Thank you. I appreciate the assistance.
Is there anything else I can do ?
That will be all! Thank you!
Have a fantastic day, goodbye!
I am looking for a place to stay.  Preferably a guesthouse with free parking included.
We have 21 entries that match your search. Do you have any other preferences?
I would like the hotel to be expensive.
We don't have any expensive guesthouses. Would you like to try a hotel or a guesthouse in a different price range?
How about a cheap one?
The alexander bed and breakfast is available and in the cheap price range.
OK, book that for 4 people. We'll arrive monday and stay 4 nights. And can I have the reference number?
Great! I was able to book that for 4 people and your reference number is F6FSFJ75. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for a Russian restaurant in the centre. 
I'm sorry, but there are no Russian restaurants in all of Cambridge. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine?
Is there a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre?
Yes, I have found three restaurants matching your inquest. 
I would like the one closest to the alexander bed and breakfast please.
How about the gardenia?
Can you provide me with the price range for the Gardenia as well as the postcode?
The Gardenia is priced cheaply and its psot code is cb23ll.
Thank you for the information
Is there anything else I could assist you with? Would you like help making a reservation?
No that will be everything I needed for today. Thank You!
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. 
Hi, do you have any trains headed to Leicester from cambridge?
We do.  What day will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday after 13:30.
Sure thing.  I have TR1997 leaving Leicester on Tuesday at 14:21.  Should arrive by 16:06.  Would that work for you?  Otherwise, I have later options.
That would work for me, I need 5 tickets please.
Your reservation of 5 tickets on the TR1997 train was successful. Your Reference number is : 8PT9BIRG.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a great place to eat in the centre. 
We have many restaurant options in the centre area. Is there a particular type of food you would like?
I would like a gastropub in the expensive price range.
 would recommend the slug and lettuce, they are a very good gastropub, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please. I'd like to book for the same group of people on the same day at 10:30, if possible.
Okay I was able to do that for you and your reference number is M0YQSBT7.
Wonderful, that's everything I needed. Thanks so much.
My pleasure. We're here any time you need us. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I would like an expensive Romanian restaurant, please.
There are no restaurants serving Romanian food.
How about korean food? 
Little Seoul is an expensive restaurant that serves Korean food.
What area is this in?
Little Seoul is located in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the address please 
little seoul is at 108 Regent Street City Centre
Hi I'm looking for a hotel in the are that includes free wifi.
Do you have a price range or a specific area?
I would like to be in the west, and it would be great if it was an expensive hotel.
The huntingdon marriott hotel fits your criteria. Shall I book a room for you?
Yes please for this weekend.Thank You.
Ok for how many people and how long is your stay going to be?
There will be 2 people and a total of 4 nights stay starting from tuesday.
Booking was unsuccessful would you like to try another place?
Yes, as long as the hotel is in the expensive price range, please try booking it.
I was able to book University Arms Hotel, reference number is PFYQXYLU
Thank you. That's everything I need. 
Okay glad I could be of help.
am looking for a train,it should leave on sunday and should go to stansted airport
What time would you like the train to arrive at Cambridge? Keep in mind the train ride duration is approximately 28 minutes.
Arrival time doesn't matter so much, but I want to leave after noon. Not a morning person :)
How about TR5985? It leaves at 12:40.
Thank you goodbye
Thank you for allowing me to help today.
Hi I am looking for a cheap hotel that has free parking. Are there any around town? 
I have the cambridge belfry in the west area. Would you like to make a reservation?
Is this a guesthouse?
No, this is a hotel, were you looking for a guesthouse?
Yes, I'm sorry, I should have told you earlier.
We have 9 guesthouses.  Can you give me more details as to the area and price preference you are looking for so I can assist you better? 
Can you pick your favorite one and book a room for me? 3 of us will be arriving on Tuesday, and we'll want to stay 2 nights.
I have booked you for Alexander Bed and Breakfast on 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Your reference number is M6FH844S.
Thanks. I am also looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre of town. 
I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports venues in the centre of town. Would you like me to look in a different area?
Are there any cinemas available?
Yes. There is vue cinema. The address is the grafton centre, east road and postcode is cb11ps.
What is the phone number for the Vue Cinema?
The phone number for the Vue Cinema is 08712240240.  Would you like more information?
Yes, I also need the address and postal code, please.
The Grafton Centre, East Road, cb11ps. 
Great, thanks! That's all I need. 
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day and let me know if you need anything else.
I need a train leaving after 17:00 and heading the birmingham new street. 
OK, and what day would you like to leave?
I'd like to leave on Thursday.
There are no trains leaving at that time.
I am going to have to ask you to check again, after 17:00 please.
Where are you leaving from?
i'm leaving from cambridge
I have one leaving at 17:01. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes. Please book for 5 people. 
I was able to book you on trainTR1765. The  Reference number is : MPP4HO3A.
Thanks. I am also looking to find a restaurant in the north. 
Any type of food you would like?
I am open to suggestions. I just would prefer it to be in the moderate range.
I have the Golden Wok which serves chinese. I also have the Nirala that serves indian food. Which would you prefer?
I think Nirala sounds good.  Can you book a table for the same group of people at 10:15 on the same day?
Your table is booked, ref #3I6EO7EF. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!
You're welcome, have a great day!
I need to take a train from cambridge.  I would like to leave after 14:30.
I would be happy to help you with your request, first I will need to know your destination and what day you would like to travel.
I've like to travel to Peterborough on Wednesday, please.
I have on departing at 14:34. Would you like me to book it? 
Yes, for eight please. 
Your booking was successful. That is 132 GBP at the station. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can you find me a place to eat? I would like an expensive eastern european restaurant. Thanks. 
I'm not showing any eastern european restaurants.  Would you like to try a more specific type of food?
I'm wanting a place that serves expensive food located in the centre of town, I would prefer eastern european food. 
I do not have anyone specializing in East European food however I have an expensive place called Eraina that serves European food.
No, how about an Italian place instead. Also, can you give me my reference number for my train tickets, please? I never got that.
For the train, your reference number is FCRW90KR. Now, on to the restaurant. I have 9 different italian restaurants. Do you have a preference on price range? 
Yes, I would like to have an expensive restaurant please.
I have 4 different restaurants. I have Caffe Uno, Don Pasquale Pizzeria, Clowns Cafe, and Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar. Which would you like? 
Pick one. I need the post code, address, and phone number, please. 
Caffe uno is italian located in centre area and is expensive.  The phone number is 01223448620 and address 32 Bridge Street City Centre postcode cb21uj. 
Excellent. That's all I need.
If we can help you with anything else in the future, please contact us.
I won't be needing anything else, thank you.
It was great helping you today.  Have a great day.
I'm looking to go to a college in the centre of town.
I have about 13 different options. Most offer free entrance but there are a few that charge. Do you prefer one over the other?
If you could give me the postcode, phone number and entrance fee of the first one on the list that'll work. Thanks!
Christ's College on St. Andrew's Street is free, the postcode is CB23BU and their phone number is 01223334900. Can I help with anything else? 
That's all the information that I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge. 
I need a hotel to stay in the north part of the town. 
Sure, there are 2 of them.  I would recommend the Lovell Lodge at 365 Milton Road.  Can I book it for you?
Does it offer free parking?
Yes, and free wifi.
Perfect. I need to book it for 7 people staying 5 nights. We will be arriving on Saturday.
Your room is booked!  Please don't lose your reference number: XR73PKHC  Is there anything else I can help with?  Perhaps a restaurant reservation?
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive place to dine. I'd like to eat hungarian food. 
Unfortunately, I don't have any expensive Hungarian restaurants listed. Is there a different price range or food type that I can find for you?
How about british food then. expensive british food. 
There are 6 great restaurants to choose from. Are you looking for a particular area of town?
No,but Im need British food for the same group of people at 17:45 on the same day
Well I have many. Shall I choose one for you?
Yes, please pick one for me.
I have booked you a reservation on saturday at the cambridge chop house. Your reservation number is 28XENSML. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to make sure it arrives the restaurant by the booked time.
Your booking is completed. Car type, yellow BMW and contact number 07980498702. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. That is all that I need today.
I hope you have a wonderful time.
wonderful time too
Great let us know if you need anything else. Bye!
Hey. I'm looking for a train from stansted airport.
What day will you be traveling?
I plan to go on tuesday.
What is your destination ?
My destination is cambridge. 
There are several.  Do you have a time you need to travel specifically?
The train should arrive by 10:00 if at all possible.
There are trains departing every hour.  TR5077 would get in in at 8:52, does that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the reference number from the booking?
How many tickets would you like?
I would like 4 tickets. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WWW231NO. Is there anything else you need?
I also need you to book Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for 4 people, two nights, starting on Tuesday.
Ok done. Booking was successful.  Your Reference number is : 470BKSJV.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks a lot
I am glad to help enjoy your time !
Please find me a hotel in cambridge with 4 star rating and free parking.
There are 19 hotels. Was there a price range you are looking for?
Thanks for asking.  Moderate suite my pocketbook best.  
There are nine guest houses that fit your criteria. Are you interested in a particular area of town?
yes north will be fine with me
May I suggest Acorn Guesthouse? It fits all your criteria. Would you like me to reserve you any rooms?
That sounds great. I need a reservation for 8 people please. 
When will you be arriving and how many days would you like to stay?
I'd like to book for 4 nights starting on wednesday, please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FUHPBZA4. Can I help with anything else today?
i am also looking for a restaurant for that same day
Sure, what type of food are you looking for?
I think everyone likes Chinese food.
What price range would you like?
it should be on the moderate price range
I have 4 to choose from. Three are in the centre of town and 1 is in the north. Do you have a preference? 
Let's do the one in the north, by the hotel.
Okay! How about Golden Wok? Would you like a reservation?
Yes for 18:00 on Wednesday for 8 people please.
Okay, you got it! The reference number for your reservation is 96EQ4JSI
Thank you! That is all I need.
Enjoy your dinner.
Have a great day!
You too and glad I could help.
Hello, I need to catch a train on Friday.  Can you help me find one leaving after 11:30?
What are your departure and arrival locations?
I'll be going from cambridge to broxbourne.
I have a train that leaves at 12:01 and arrives by 13:01. Would you like me to book that train?
Yes, I will need 2 tickets please.
Train id TR4266 leaves at 12:01 and arrives at 13:01.  Would you like me to book that one?
Yes, for 2 people please. Can I also get the reference #? Thanks!
Your booking was successful. You will owe 35.79 GBP at the station and your reference number is: TQICKHXG. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, there is nothing else I need today. thank you. Goodbye.
Thanks for using our system!
I would like to find a theatre in town.
sure, there are 5 options for you
Can you suggest one for me? I would like to know their postcode and entrance fee please. 
Sure how about the Cambridge Arts Theater. It's in the center of town and its postcode is cb23pj, but there is no entrance fee information listed.
I also need a train to Cambridge, on Wednesday please.
Sure, where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from broxbourne. I'd like to arrive by 12:30.
TR1819 will arrive in Cambridge at 11:32. Would you like a ticket on that?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need tickets for 5 people. Can I have the reference number, please?
 Booking was successful, the total fee is 89.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : L9BMZLS8.
Thank you that is all I need, good bye. 
Thank you good bye 
Can you give me information about museums in the centre of town?
I found 11 museums in the centre.  What would you like to know?
Which is your favorite, and how much is the entrance fee?
I enjoy visiting the whipple museum of the history of science, and best of all it's free to get in. Would you like the address?
No that isn't necessary. Could you help me find a train going to cambridge?
We have any trains going to Cambridge. Where will you be departing from? What day would you like?
I need a train from Leicester to Cambridge on Sunday arriving by 20:00.
There are 14 trains, TR9320 will get you there at 19:54 would that work?
I think that will work. Before I book a ticket, though, could you give me  the travel time?
Yes the total travel time would be 105 minutes.
I have everything I need, can I book? 
I will be happy to assist you in booking for this train. How many tickets will you be needing?
We need 4 please.  We have 2 children under 12. Do they get a special rate?
Unfortunately, I do not have that information. However, I was able to successfully book your train. The total is 120.96 GBP payable at the station. Here is your reference number: FMYXQV28.
Great thank you that's all I need.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day. 
I need a taxi to leave at 3 45 and get me from the cambridge belfry
Where will you be going to?
I will be going to the cow pizza kitchen and bar. 
Ok I have a red bmw with contact number 07932775805 booked for you.
Ok thank you for your assistance.
No problem.  Are you finished?
I need a train leaving Thursday after 17:45.  
Could you give me a little more information? Where will you be traveling to and from?
To Cambridge, from Stansted Airport.
The first train leaving Stansted Airport after 17:45 leaves at 18:24.  You'd arrive in cambridge by 18:52.  Would you like me to book a seat on this train?
Yes please, what is the Train ID and price?
The train ID is TR5433 and the cost is 10.10 GBP per ticket.  Would you like me to book this trip for you?
That won't be necessary but thanks anyway. Although, I could use some help finding an attraction in the centre of town. 
There are many attractions. Churches, cinemas, colleges, and art gallery's. Do any of those sound appealing?
Can you give me a few samples?  I'll need the entrance fee, too.
All Saints Church is free to get in as is Holy Trinity Church. Would you like more information?
Yes. Postcode, phone number and entrance fee's if any of All Saints Church.
Their phone number is 01223452587.  There is no entrance fee.  Is there anything else that i can help you with?
Yes, I still need the postcode for All Saints Church.
Sorry about that. The postal code is cb58bs.
Thanks so much for your help today, that was everything I needed.
You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am looking for a hotel, the Alpha-Milton Guest House.
It is located in the north at  63 milton road.
What day would you like me to book a room ?
What ever day you want. 
I would like to book the room for friday for four nights.
Would you like the reference number?
Yes, please provide the reference number.
I also need to know how many people will be staying?
I will have a party of 4 people.
When will you begin you stay and how long will you stay?
I need a train leaving after 11:00 on wednesday if you can help me. 
Certainly. Where would you like to go?
I need to go from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street. 
I have TR4604 leaving at 11:59 and arriving at 13:27. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes please make a booking for 1 people.
I was able to book you for train TR4604. The total fee is 16.6 GBP.  The Reference number is : IG31YH6P.
I need to find a place to stay.
Okay what is your price range?
I would prefer a guesthouse in the cheap price range. thanks
We have many to choose from! Is there an area in town you want to stay in?
I'm not sure but it needs to have free wi-fi. Do you have some with those specifications?
there are nine places that are cheap guesthouses and offer free wifi and free parking. if you know an area i can narrow it down or i can suggest one. 
I am open to any area, whatever you suggest is fine.
okay when are you planning your stay so I can book the room
I Need a cheap guesthouse with free wifi. I would like it to be a hotel.
I'm sorry, but your message is ambiguous. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
I would like a guesthouse.
Would you like me to book it for you and get a reference number ?
I am looking for an expensive place to dine in the north.
Would you like to eat Asian Oriental, Chinese, European, or French?
I think Chinese may have caught my attention.
The Hotpot is an expensive Chinese restaurant in that area.
Great can I get their phone number as well please?
The phone number for the hotpot is 01223366552, would you like me to book you a table? 
No thank you. Have a great day!
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Please find me a good Chinese restaurant on the East side
I show one chinese restaurant in the east, Yu Garden. Shall I make reservations for you? 
No at this time I would just like their postcode.
Okay, no problem! Their postcode is CB58PA. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, I want to find a hotel with free wifi.
Do you have an area you'd like to stay in? And what is your price range?
I would like to stay in the east. I do not have a price range.
The carolina bed and breakfast is a moderately prices hotel rated 4 stars.
Can you book a room for me?
Sure, what day and how many people?
Friday for 2 people. We'll be staying for just 2 nights
When will you be arriving?
friday and can I get the reference number too please?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : D0OZC26N. Is there anything else I can help with? 
Could you fax me the reference number, as well as any fees for additional amenities?
Sure, the reference number is D0OZC26N. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi that will commute between the two places. I'd like to leave the hotel at 08:45. 
Ok, I have booked you a taxi, It is a yellow toyota and you may reach them at 07319585629. Is there anything else?
That is everything that I need.
thanks for inquiring with us 
Ok. Thanks for your help. Goodbye.
welcome anytime you need help
I need a taxi to pick me up at The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway to take me to Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Of course; can you tell me what time you need to leave or arrive by?
I will need to be there by 18:15 please.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	yellow volvo Contact number	:	07057945339 
 i want to book a taxi. The taxi should leave after 21:15 and should depart from backstreet bistro.
What is the destination?
I'm sorry. I gave you the wrong information. I need to leave from the Fitzwilliam Museum and arrive at Royal Standard by 07:45.
I have booked you a white Tesla. The contact number is 07099074893. Can I help you with anything else today? 
am good thanks so much
No problem. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an attraction in the centre of town.
There are 44 attractions that fit your criteria. Are you looking to visit a specific type of attraction?
I'd love to visit a park, especially a botanical garden if one is in that area!
Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located in town centre. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I have their phone number please? I'd also love to eat at a Malaysian place near the park. Any ideas?
Unfortunately there are no restaurants that match that description. Could you like to try other food types?
No, thanks for helping. Goodbye!
Okay well please call back if you change your mind.
Hi, I would love to try a Mediterranean restaurant. Do you have any suggestions?
There are three options, the gardenia which is cheap in price range, along with la mimosa and shiraz restaurant which is expensive.  Ant preference?
I would prefer expensive and I'm looking to reserve a table for 1 at 17:00 on Sunday, please.
I can get those reservations for you at la mimosa. Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, I need a table for 1 at 17:00 on Sunday.
Unfortunately, that time slot is unavailable. Can I try a different time for you? 
Okay, would 16:00 be a better time on Sunday? 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : B1TRUT9Y.
I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places. 
Your taxi has been booked. The contact number is 07330545456. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you confirm the time that taxi was booked?  I need it to arrive at the restaurant by 16:00.
I have confirmed that the taxi will arrive at La Mimosa at 16:00. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I just need to know what type of car you booked for the taxi.
It is a red honda, and their phone number is 07330545456
Will it arrive at the restaurant by the booked time? 
Correct. Everything is set.
ok, that's all I needed, thank you.
You're welcome, have a nice day.
I need a hotel and I need free wifi and parking.
I've found 29 places that fit your criteria. To further narrow your search, please provide a specific hotel type and the amount of stars of the hotel you would like.
A guesthouse in the north will be fine.
Perfect, that has narrowed us down to 9 results.  Do you have any other criteria that need to be met?
No, that should be it. Can you tell me some of the 9 results you were able to find?
Acorn guest house, arbury lodge, archway house, hamilton lodge are all great selections.  Would you like me to book one of these or would you like more suggestions? 
i'm looking for rosa's bed and breakfast
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the South area of town. Would you like any more information?
No, that's great, thank you. Could you reserve rooms there for 3 people for 3 nights starting Thursday?
Let me look and see if I can find you a room for three people for three nights starting on Thursday.
If that doesn't work, please try for Sunday.
You are all booked. Reference number is 69V5E4KX.
Are you aware of any Scottish restaurants in the south? 
No I am sorry there no Scottish restaurants available in the South.  Would like to try another area?
No, what type of cheap restaurants are there?
In the south there are 2 cheap restaurants. One is Chinese and the othe is Portuguese. 
I prefer the portuguese restaurant.
Nandos is a very popular restaurant serving portuguese food in the south area of town in the cheap price range. Would you like more information or to book?
Can you book for the same group of people at 12:00 the same day?
You're all booked. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you! What is the reference number please?
Reference number is : 8T2T8N3Q.
Thank you. That is all for today.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.
sure, what would you like to know?
I need a train leaving Birmingham New Street after 15:45. 
What day would you like to travel on? 
I need the train for Saturday and I'm going to cambridge. 
TR3891 leaves at 16:40 and arrives at 19:23, will that work for you?
Great, thanks for the info. I will go ahead and book myself later. Do you know of any good attractions in the centre of town?
The center of town has 44 different attractions I can recommend.  Do you have a particular type you were interested in?
How about an entertainment venue?
I have several entertainment venues across the city. What part of the city would you like to stay in?
The centre please. Nothing further than that.
There are no entertainment venues in the centre. Would you like something different?
How about a museum. Any you recommend is fine. I'll need the entrance fee, please?
How about Primavera? Admission is free!
thanks for your help
No problem. Glad I could help you today. Have a safe trip.
I need a place to dine, and I'd like to know what my options are in the way of moderately priced vietnamese cuisine.
I'm afraid there aren't any moderate Vietnamese restaurants. Would you like to try something else? 
I need something in the centre.
Okay, may I suggest british food?
What about a Gastropub?
The cow pizza kitchen and barn is in the centre of town on Corn Exchange Street.
That sounds great! Can you book a table on Sunday at 13:00 for 4 people, please?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5NITO74A.
Thanks. I also need train tickets from leicester to cambridge please
Sure, when will you be traveling?
It will be the same day as the booking and I need to arrive by 09:30
The TR7843 train arrives at cambridge at 8:54. Would you look to purchase tickets or get more information?
I would like to get the departure time and price first. 
It costs 30.24 Pounds, and leaves at 07:09. Can I help you with anything else?
Please book for me, thanks.
I have reserved 4 seats for you. Your reference number is 0ORGWOUA. 
Thank you. The restaurant and train were my needs today which were successfully met. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a nice day. Good bye.
I need a place to stay in the centre of town. 
I can definitely help with that. I have about 5 different options. First of all, may I ask if you have a preference between a hotel or guesthouse? 
I would prefer a 2 star guest house.
I am not seeing a 2-star guesthouse or hotel in the centre area.  I have a 4-star and a 0-star guesthouse in the centre, though. 
I would like to make a reservation at the 4 star one please.
I would recommend alexander bed and breakfast! Would you like a reservation?
Yes.  Please book it for 5 people, starting Sunday, for 3 nights.  
I am sorry, but those dates are unavailable. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Are you sure? Can you try again? If that doesn't work, is there another 4 star guesthouse in the centre that you can try?
I do apologize! I must have fat fingered it the last time. Clumsy me! Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : Q1DDFWPH.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge. Can you help with that?
Yes, I can.  When would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave Sunday after 18:30. 
Okay, trainID TR6697 seems most suitable for you, leaving Kings Lynn on Sunday at 19:11 and arriving in Cambridge by 19:58. The price is 7.84 pounds. Shall I book you in?
Yes, please book the train for 5 people on sunday. Let me know the reference number, if available.
Your reference number is 72DIGGVY. The cost is 39.2 GBP and is payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all I need, good bye. 
Have a nice day. 
I need a train going from Stevenage to Cambridge.
There are several trains available. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday and need to arrive by 09:00.
TR5737 will arrive in cambridge Tuesday by 8:43, will this suit your needs?
Yes. Can I also please have the departure time and travel time for this trip?
Departure time for TR5737 is 07:54 and duration is 49 minutes.
Yes thank you. That is all.
Okay great. glad I could be of assistance today.
Yes, I would like a train ticket for Sunday. I'm going to London Kings Cross.
Sure. Where will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from cambridge, and I need to get to kings cross by 10:00.
The TR3207 leaves at 07:00 and arrives at 07:51.  Would you like that one?
That sounds good. Please book it for 6 people and can I have the reference number?
Train TR3207 is booked for 6 people. The reference number is BAAL6J4H and the total fee is 113.28 GBP payable at the station.
Thank you. That's everything I needed.
Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.
I am looking for places to visit in downtown Cambridge. What are some popular attractions?
There is architecture, boats, colleges, museums, and many other things.
Recommend something that's in the center of town for me.
The Cambridge Contemporary Art museum is a fantastic place to visit. It's located at 6 Trinity Street and admission is free! Do you need more information?
I'm also looking for a place to stay.
What area would you like to stay in?
I want to stay in the center of town in a 0 star hotel that is moderately priced and has free parking.
There's not an exact match to fit your needs. There's a hotel without free parking available. Or, if you need the free parking, would a cheap guesthouse work instead?
Free parking would be nice but it is not a necessity.
Okay, if the lack of parking isn't a dealbreaker, you might enjoy cityroomz. Their number is 01223304050. Shall I book a room for you?
Yes please. I'll need to for 8 people for 4 nights starting Wednesday
Done! Your reference number is 07Z05P6U. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I also need a taxi from the hotel at 16:30.
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Honda. Their phone number is 07543221637. 
That will be all for today. Thanks. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today!
Can you find a room available at a 4 star hotel with free wi-fi?
The huntingdon marriott hotel	is a 4 star hotel with Internet in the west. Would you like me to make a booking?
Is the place expensive?
Yes it is an expensive, I have listings for another place that is cheap if that is what you need.
I would prefer the expensive hotel.  Please book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday. 
I was unable to book the hotel for that day. Would you like to try the cheap hotel?
No, I'd like to keep looking for an expensive hotel.
Is there a certain area you would like it to be in?
North part of town,please.
I was able to successfully book you at the university arms hotel, the reference number is 1F6HEPGZ.
Thank you very much. I appreciate your help.
No problem.  Will that be all for today?
Yes, that will be all for today, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for a train to broxbourne.
Where would you like to leave from, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I'm going to be leaving from Cambridge. I need to leave on Tuesday by 13:00.
Is there a time you would like to get there by ?
I don't have an arrival preference. 
The earliest train leaves at 5:01. The latest train leaving by 13:00 would depart at 12:01. There is also one that leaves at 13:01. The trains run every hour.
Actually, I'd like to arrive by 13:00. Could you give me the train ID for the train arriving closest to that time? 
Train ID is TR6357. Would you like to book ?
Can you find me a multiple sports attraction in the centre?
Sorry there's no multiple sports in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
Are there any museums in the centre?
Yes, quite a few! There's Broughton House Gallery, the Whipple Museum of the History of Science, and more. Would you like to know more about them, or the others?
Yes I would love some information.
There are 11 museums in the area.  They are all free.  There are several art museums, an archaelogy museum, and a science museum.
Could I get the address, phone numbers, and postcodes of them please? I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to broxbourne.
Primavera is at 10 King s parade CB2 1st, the phone number is 01233357708. What day would you like to board the train? 
Sunday, and it should arrive by 12:00.
Train TR9580 departs from Cambridge at 10:01 on Sunday and arrives at Broxbourne at 11:01. Would that work for you?
Yes, can you book it for 3 people and get me the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IRD8RUWO.  Do you need help with anything else?
No, actually. I am all finished. Thanks for the help. Goodbye. 
Okay great, have a good day.
Can you recommend a restaurant in the center of Cambridge that has moderate prices?
Sure thing but first can you tell me what kind of food you like? 
I would like Italian food.
Pizza Express in the centre, would you like me to make you a reservation?
No thank you. I just need the post code for now. 
cb21db. Is there anything else?
Yes,  I would like some places to visit while I'm in town. Perhaps something in the same area as the restaurant.
May I suggest the Castle Galleries, it's a museum also in the centre area. Admission is free. 
Can I get their phone number please?
There number is 01223307402
I also need to book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the museum. I plan on leaving the restaurant by 14:00.
How many people in the taxi?
It is just me by myself
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a red Skoda and their contact number is 07842186730.
Thanks so much! That is all I need. Have a good day!
Thank you have a great day!
I'm looking for a train that will depart from bishops stortford and that will arrive by 11:45. I'm looking forward to a good lunch in Cambridge!
There is a train everday that arrives at 10:07
ok thank you, lets book that one
How many seats would you like to book on TR9178?
I would need seats for 5 people please. 
I have you booked on TR2083 arriving in Cambridge at 10:07.  It will cost 50.5 payable at the station.  Reference EEBGS9FF.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a good Italian eatery? I'd like it to be moderately priced, please.
Sure, I can help you with that.  What section of town were you looking for? 
The area doesn't matter. Please recommend a good place if you could. I need a table booked for 5 people at 16:45 on Tuesday.
My all time favorite italian food place is Prezzo. It is located in the west. Would you like me to reserve you a table? 
yes, it'll be for the same group of people.
For what day and time is the reservation for 5?
Same day tuesday, lets try for 16:45, get a little ahead of the dinner crowd.
Your reference number for your reservation is 7E1MPES0 and they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Is there anything else that I may assist you?
That is all, thank you very much
You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you find me a restaurant in the north part of the city?
There are 9 matching records in the north, what price range do you want ?
I don't care. 
Is there a certain type of food that you would like?
Yes, I would like world food.
I am sorry, I can't find any restaurant serves world food in the north . Is there another type of food or area you might be interested in today? 
Maybe some Indian food?
Great hit
I'm looking for a swimming pool please.
What side of town would you like that to be on?
Could you make it the south side of town please.
i see no swimming pools in that area would you like me to search another area
What about an entertainment attraction?
Sure, the Tenpin is located in the south, at Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Way.  Would you like to know anything in particular about it?
Could I get the phone number and postcode? 
The Tenpin phone number is 08715501010 and the postcode is cb17dy.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes please. I'd like to find a good Malaysian restaurant located in the same area as this Tenpin place. Something on the pricey side. What would you suggest?
Unfortunately, there are no malaysian restaurants in that area. Would you like to try a different area or different cuisine?
In that case, can you recommend me a restaurant serving Mexican cuisine in the area?
Chiquito restaurant bar is located in the South. It is an expensive Mexican restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes, can you book one for 4 on Thursday at 19:15? And I need the reference as well please.
your booking was successful and your reference number is U6O638TB.
Great I also need a taxi between the two places please that will get to the restaurant by the reservation time.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Toyota. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07984383543. Is there anything else?
No, that is all. Thank you, goodbye.
you are welcome.
Hello, we are looking for information about lodgings in Cambridge.  Price is no option and we would like a very nice hotel.
There are 33 hotels available, do you have any other criteria to narrow it down?
As long as its insanely expensive and has free parking. Centre located please.
I would recommend the university arms hotel. It is in the centre, expensive, and has free parking. Can I help with anything else?
I want to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting on thursday.
Okay, you are all set! Reference number is : RGBB7MTN.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a train departing from cambridge that leaves on saturday.
What is your destination please and travel time?
I'm heading to Broxbourne, and I need to arrive by 11:15.
TR0823 will have you arriving at 11:01. How many tickets do you need?
I am not sure how many yet. For now, I need the departure time and the length of travel time for TR0823.
The departure time is 10:01 and the duration is 60 minutes. 
Ok, that's all I need for now. Thanks, bye.
Okay, have a good day.
I want to find a moderate price restaurant and serving austrian food.
There are no restaurants for Austrian food matching your request. 
What about British food?
There are 5 moderately priced restaurants that serve British food. Saint Johns Chop House in the west, and Cotto, Restaurant One Seven, The Copper Kettle, and The Oak Bistro in the city centre.
Saint Johns Chop House sounds good. Could you give me the phone number?
Yes, here it is 01223 353110.
Thank you so much.
Can I help you with anything else today? 
That's it, goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system, goodbye.
I would like a cheap restaurant.
There are ten cheap restaurants in the city; do you have a preference of area or type of cuisine?
I don't care. 
Ask is a nice place, that is in the cheap price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I'd like one in south part of town. Is Ask in the south?
I'm sorry, but Ask is not in the south part of town. There are 2 restaurants in the south part of town and in the cheap price range. Would you like Portuguese or Chinese food?
I have no preference, please make a suggestion. 
nandos is a nice restaurant in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.  Their phone number is 01223 327908 and they are located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. 
Okay, that sounds good. Thank you for your help.
your welcome. thank you for calling
Hello I'd like to get some information on a place to eat in the north side of Cambridge.
We have 9 restaurants to chose from. There are Italian, Indian, French, Chinese, European and Asian Restaurants.  What sound good to you?
I prefer Chinese. Something is the expensive price range
I would suggest the hakka it is chinese in the north and is expensive.  Would you like to make reservations?
I'd like to get the address and postcode.  Yes, I'd like a reservation please.  This place sounds great.
Hakka is located on Milton Road, Chesterton, cb41jy.  When would you like your reservation?
On Friday. I also need a 4 star hotel in the west.
We have one in the cheap and one in the expensive range. Which would you prefer?
I actually preferred moderate, but lets go with the expensive option.
Hutington Marriot is an expensive 4-star hotel on Kingfisher Way. It's phone number is 01480446000. Should I book that for you?
I'm sorry, I've checked my budget and really need to go with the cheap hotel. Could you just give me the information on that one? No booking today.
The Cambridge Belfry is hotel in the west, within the cheap price range. What information on the hotel would you like?
do they offer free parking? 
Yes. the cambridge belfry offers free parking. Is there anything else I can help you with or would you like me to book it?
No, thanks, but I do need a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant, leaving the hotel at 23:15, please.
Ok, I've booked you a taxi from the hotel and restaurant. It will be a red volkswagen. the contact number:	07761073818 
Thank you,thats all I need today.
Thanks for contacting us!
Looking for someone that serves Australasian food?
No restaurants serving australasian food can be found. May I find another type restaurant for you? 
How about European food?
Galleria serves European food and is in the centre part of town and has a moderate price range.
I'm planning my trip to Cambridge and I need help. Can you find me some expensive dining options on the west side of town?
How about cambridge lodge restaurant located on Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. 
Does it serve Indian food?
no it doesnt but the tandoori palace and the cocum does. would you like me to book a table there.
I think I will try The Cocum. Can I book a table there for 2 on Sunday at 12:15? And will you please give me the reference #?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. your reference number is  5VEF6LFT.
I'm also looking for a train for the same day as my restaurant booking that departs from bishops strotford.
I can look that up for you.  First, a few details: Can I confirm a desired time frame and that the destination is Cambridge?
I would like to arrive in cambridge by 9:45 on sunday.
TR9219 departs at 05:29 and arrives at 06:07, can I purchase tickets for you?
how much would the tickets be
The price is 8.08 pounds per ticket, would you like to book a seat?
That won't be necessary. Thank you.
Have a great day!
I am looking for the restaurant kymmoy.
kymmoy is an asian oriental restaurant located on 52 Mill Road City Centre, cb12as. Would you like a reservation?
yes i want to book a table for 7 people at 16:15 on Wednesday. i want the reference number
Your reference number is: MXG517HW.  The table will be held for 15 minutes.  Is there anything else I can do to assist you? 
Yes I am looking for a place to stay. i would prefer a hotel in the 4 state rating category.
University Arms Hotel is located in the centre.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Does it have free parking?
Yes. Would you like a room?
Yes, please. Can you book me for Wednesday for 7 people, 2 nights please? 
Great!  I have the rooms booked for you.
Could I please get the reference number?
Sure, your reference  number is  ZU5RABWR
Thanks so much, now I need a taxi to get us there on time. 
Okay! You'll be picked up in a black Ford. The contact number is 07889021658. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all for today. Thanks so much. Goodbye
Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great trip!
I need a train to Broxbourne, that arrives by 20:30.
Certainly. Can I assume you're leaving from Cambridge?
Yes, that is correct.
There is a train leaving at 5:01, would you like a seat?
Is that leaving on Sunday?
I have the TR8991 leaving at 19:01 and arriving by 20:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
Not yet but I also need a restaurant that serve mediterranean food and should be in the centre of town.
I have a few restaurants that fit your criteria. The Gardenia, La Mimosa, and Shiraz Restaurant. Which one are you interested in hearing about?
Tell me about The Gardenia.
It's a cheap restaurant located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Phone number and postcode are 01223356354 and cb23ll. Do you need anything else?
No, that's it for now. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day!
I am going to cambridge and need a place to stay.
I'd be happy to help you find something. Is there an area you prefer? And do you want a hotel or guesthouse? 
I definitely want both a guesthouse and the centre of town.
I would recommend el shaddai. Would you like a reservation?
Is it in the moderate price range? If so, yes.
It is not in the moderate price range, would you like to try another area or a different price range perhaps?
I would like to try another price range, only in the moderate range. I would like to stay in the city centre. 
I'm sorry there are no moderate guesthouses in the centre, maybe another area perhaps?
Are there any cheap guesthouses in the centre of town?
Yes, I've located Alexander Bed and Breakfast that is a 4 star and El Shaddai that is a 0 star. Do you have a preference? 
no preference I also need a reference number.
What day would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
There will be 2 people and we will arrive on Monday.
And for how many days?
I'm sorry, 5 nights please.
Good News! I got the Alexander Bed and Breakfast in 56 saint barnabas road cb12de, phone number 01223525725. The reference # is 3MWI64S9.
Great. I also need a train leaving on Saturday.
Please give me your departure site and your destination station.
The train should leave after 10:00 and should go to stevenage, leaving from cambridge.
There are 7 trains that fit your criteria. The first one after 10 is the TR8377, leaving Cambridge 11:21, arriving Stevenage 12:10. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, that will work!  I need the reference number please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Y5AV9STN.
Thank you so much! That's all I needed. Have a great day!
Have a nice day then, and goodbye.
I want to dine at a Chinese food place in the centre area. 
What is your price range for this restaurant? 
I do not have a price preference.
How about the rice house it is cheap and located at 88 Mill Road city centre?
That sounds perfect. I would like to book a table for sunday.
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
Hi! I need a train to Leicester. I want to leave after 14:45.
No problem. What day will that be for?
For Thursday please and I want to go to Cambridge.
TR939 leaves cambridge and goes to leicester at 15:21 would that work for you?
Actually I need a train leaving leicester going to Cambridge. Not the reverse.
I'm sorry.  Yes, train TR1575 will arrive in Cambridge by 16:54. It leaves Leicester at 15:09.  Can I book it for you?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 5 people and a reference number, if possible.
You got it, 5 tickets were booked, reference number is 2YCGD64V.
Thank you for your help.
No problem.  Glad to be of assistance.
I need help with attractions!  Can you help me out?
There are so many attractions to choose from! Are you interested in any particular area? 
Yeah, I'm looking for an entertainment place in the centre of town.
Are you into architecture at all because we have some awesome churches I can recommend.
Actually, I'm looking for a type of park
The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is a park on Bateman Street. It's located in the centre area. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you know if there is an entrance fee?
There is an entrance fee of 4 pounds. Would you like me to look elsewhere for something free?
No, that park is fine. I need help with finding a train though.
I would be happy to assist you.  Let's get some details of what you need. What is your destination and when will you be travelling?
I'm leaving Bishops Stortford and going to Cambridge I need to leave after 16:30 on Sunday. 
Ok, ther first train after 16:30 is TR5298 from bishops stortford to cambridge on sunday at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07. Shall I book it, if so for how many?
I'm traveling by myself, so please just one ticket.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GNJD3R16. Will there be anything else today?
nope. nothing at all. i got what i needed. thanks. bye. 
Have a safe trip.
Is there a thai restaurant in the centre of town? 
Yes, there is one Thai restaurant in that area. Would you like more details on this restaurant?
What is the address?
the address is 24 green street city centre
What is the phone number and price range?
Bangkok City is expensive. Their phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you find?
No, that's all the information I needed. Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye!
I'm looking for things to do, specifically a theatre in the north, what kinds of things are there to see like that?
There are no thatres in the north, perhaps another area or type of attraction. 
What kind of parks are available in the north?
I have just one park. It is Milton Country Park located in the north. They offer free admission. They are located at Milton Country Park, Milton. Their phone number is 01223420060.
Great!  Thanks for the information!
Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a train departing Cambridge on Tuesday.
There are quite a few trains leaving Cambridge on Tuesday. Where is your destination?
I'm going to peterborough.  I need to be there by 8:30
I have train TR0162 that departs at 07:06 and would get you there by 07:56. Would that work for you? 
Yes please book for 3 and provide reference number
Yes your reference number is CDE66IYU. and your reservation is set.
I'm sorry, could you actually amend that train reservation for 2 people instead?  Also, I will need the postcode for Milton Country Park we talked about earlier.
Yes, the reservation has been amended for 2 people. Your new reference number is BMDA0BI1. And the postcode for Milton Country Park is cb46az.
Thank you!  That should be all I need today.  
Great! Have a nice day.
Could you help me find a restaurant with middle-eastern cuisine?
There is no such match. Do you have any other food preferences?
maybe one that serves chinese food. and it should be located in the centre
Charlie chan is an affordable option.
Ok, sounds good.  Could I make a reservation for 3 for thursday at 13:30?  Can you send me a reference number as well.  Thanks!
Excellent choice.  Your table is reserved.  Reference BCKQCXNI.  Anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to stay with free wifi and in the same area as the restaurant. 
I have many choices for you. What price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter but I would like a guesthouse with free parking.
I have two. Would you like more info on them?
Do they both have free wifi and parking? Which would you recommend?
Yes. I suggest Alexander Bed and Breakfast. It is a 4-star guesthouse. Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please make those for 5 nights on the same day for the same people. 
i will work on getting this booked.
i also need a taxi to commute between these two places
I was able to complete this transaction for you. Reference number is 4AMSSSO2,
Can I get the number for the taxi and the car type?
Your booking is complete.  You will have a grey toyota and the contact number is:07579620224.
i'm looking for adc theatre
You will want to go to the centre part of Cambridge, it is on park street, postal code cb58as.  Can I help with anything else?
I'm looking for information on the adc theatre.  Can you get some information for me, including the attraction type?  
ADC Theatre is a theatre in the center part of town. Their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need information about the Gonville Hotel, please.
it is an expensive hotel in the centre with free wifi and parking. do you need their contact?
Well, I'd like to book a room for 5 people, beginning on Friday for 5 days. Can you help me with that?
Of course! I just booked the room for you for 5 days beginning on Friday. The reference number is 7WB751AK.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you very much, I think that that will be all!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!  Have a great rest of your day!
I am looking for a free entertainment.
What did you have in mind?
Never mind that for now. I need a hotel in the centre that includes free wifi and in the expensive price range.
How about the gonville hotel?
That's fine. I'll need it booked for Sunday, 3 nights, and 6 people, please?
Sure thing I have your reservation number. It is FVN5JEV0.
hi how are you ? may i help you sir?
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I need a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge for Sunday to arrive in Cambridge by 20:45 please.
Okay the TR1681 leaves at 19:17 and arrives at 20:08. 
I will need 6 tickets. 
Reference number is : 4AUYL0VX. What else can I do for you?
That was all I needed. Thank you so much for all the assistance. 
Thanks for using us. Have a nice trip. 
Hi, I am looking for a hotel called the Acorn Guest House.  Could I get the address?
Acorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road, cb41da. It's a 4-star guesthouse in the north.
Great. I need to make a reservation starting on Saturday.
And how many nights would you like to stay?
5 nights starting from saturday.
And how many people will be staying?
 6 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
Your reservation for 5 people at the acorn guest house this saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : ME1D0S58.  
Thanks so much. Can you tell me the address for a place called Castle Galleries?
The address for Castle galleries is Unit SU43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street.
Great.  I would like a taxi to pick me up there at 21:00.
Will you be heading to the hotel?
Yes, I would like to head to and from the attraction.
Alright, I have a red skoda scheduled to pick you up.  The contact number is 07634294072.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Nope that should do it. Thanks much, goodbye!
Let us know if you need further help. Good bye. 
I am looking for a place to stay with free parking.
There are several that offer free parking what is your price range?
My price range is mid to high range.  
There are several hotels that fits that description what area would you like?
I would like a hotel in the south with a star rating of 4.
I have one listing for aylesbray lodge guest house. 
All right, if there are no hotels, the guest house will do. Could you give me the address and postcode, please?
The address is 5 Mowbray Road and the postcode is cb17sr. Would you like me to book you a room?
Not right now. Can you help me find a modern European restaurant that is cheap?
I have one place in the Centre of town. Would you like me to book you in?
Sure. Book it for 7 people at 11:15 on thursday.
I have you booked at the river bar steakhouse and grill.   The reference number is BASBIQ2I, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Any other questions?
No, that'll be all, thanks. You were a great help.
Enjoy your stay in cambridge. Thank you. 
I'm planning a trip to go to a particular restaurant, can you assist?
Sure, what is the name of this particular restaurant?
It's called Nandos and I'd like to book it for Monday at 15:00.  There will be 6 people.
No problem! I have your table reserved for 15:00 on Monday. They will hold your table for 15 minutes, your reference number is HVB51VAM.
thank you. Am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the east 
What are you looking to do? My system has located 10 places.
Could you recommend something?
Yes, the funky fun house is a great place.
Great! Can you tell me what the entrance fee is please?
No, I'm sorry.  You'll have to call them for the entrance fee.  The phone number is 01223304705.
Thank you. I'm also looking to book a taxi to travel between the two. I need it to arrive to the restaurant by the reservation time. 
Your taxi is booked and will be a white audi. The contact number is 07057575130. How else may I help you?
That's all. Thank you for your help!
I hope you enjoy your stay!
I need a taxi to arrive by 09:45
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
The pickup location will be finches bed and breakfast
Ok, I will also need your destination for booking purposes.
I will be traveling to sidney sussex college today.
Do you have a time you would like to leave by?
Is 9:00 good? Do you think forty-five minutes is enough time to get to the college?
Yes, the taxi will pick you up at 9:00. It is a yellow lexus.
Great.  Can I get a contact number?
Of course, the contact number is 07336173784. Is there anything else you need?
That's all thanks
You're welcome, have a great day.
Hi. I'm looking for a restaurant. I think it's called the Rice Ship or Rice Boat or something like that.
The Rice Boat is located in the west and is in the expensive range. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes please. Thanks for your help.
How many people would you like to reserve a table for?
I don't need a reservation right now, I was just curious about their price range. But I would like to find something to do. Are there any parks in the east?
Yes, Cherry Hinton Water Park is in the area. It's located at Cherry Hinton Hall on Cherry Hinton Road and admission is free. 
Can I get their postcode too please?
The postal code for cherry hinton water play is cb18dw. Is that all you needed help with today?
I will need a taxi from rice boat to Cherry Hinton Water Park. I want to leave rice boat at 12:00 please.
I reserved a black Audi for you.  The contact number is 07828767922.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you. That's everything.
You are welcome! Enjoy your day. Good bye.
Hi, I am looking for some attractions that are in the centre of town.
There are tons of things to see and do in the centre!  Is there a particular type of attraction you are looking for?
What do you recommend?
Cambridge university botanic gardens is always a fun way to spend time on a beautiful day.  It is gorgeous this time of year. Can I give you more information?
Yes, please.  I LOVE botanic gardens.  Can you find the phone number for me?
The phone number is 01223336265.
I also need  a place to stay. 
Which area would you like?
I would also like the hotel to be in the city centre. I'd like to find something in the cheap price range.
There are two hotels that fit your criteria. I would recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast as it gets 4 stars.
May I have the postcode, address and the star of the hotel please?
It's a four star hotel, located at 56 saint barnabas road with the postcode cb12de. Is there anything else I can find for you?
I also need a taxi. I need to leave Cambridge university botanic gardens by 14:00 and go to Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
I have booked your taxi look for a red tesla and the contact number is 07685178468.
Sure thank you so much, that is all. 
You're welcome and glad I could assist you.
I would like for you to find a train that leaves on wednesday after 16:45. 
Okay, let me look that up for you. Do you have a destination or a departure site?
I'm going to cambridge from leicester.
The TR1745 leaves Cambridge at 17:21 and gets into Leicester by 19:06. Will that work for you?
Yes, that will work. For 4 people, please.
Reference number is : Y9AWF9YJ. Will you need anything else?
Do you think you can find me a great italian food place. I want something really fancy. It's for an anniversary dinner. 
there are 5 in town. did you have a certain part of town you want to dine in? i have some in the centre and south.
Out of the 5, how many are expensive? I would like an expensive restaurant location doesn't matter to much. 
They are all expensive.
How about an Italian joint?
Ok I suggest clowns cafe it is expensive and located in the centre. They serve italian food. 
perfect, what is their phone #
The phone number is 01223355711. Would you like me to book reservations for that?
Not at this time, thank you.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you that will be all! Bye!
You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me get a train ticket leaving birmingham new street on sunday please?
We have many options that meet your needs.  Do you have a certain destination in mind?
I am looking to go to cambridge and leave after 21:00 please.
I have three different choices depending on when you want to arrive.  I've got one arriving by 24:23.  Would that work?
That would be great, I'd like to book for 1 person please.
Your ticket has been booked, reference number is D77TJZNF
Thank you. Can you tell me what kinds of museums there are in that area?
There are over 20 museums in the city, is there a particular part of town you'd like to be in?
No, I do not have any preference on area.  What would you suggest?
You might like Broughton House Gallery.  Would you like more information about this?
Yes please may I have their postcode?
Sure!  The postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No I think that's all I need for now, thank you!
You're welcome, have a wonderful visit!
Howdy! I'm in town for the night and need a place to stay. I'd like a four star joint with free parking, if you please.
Nice! I hope you enjoy this beautiful city, I found 5 hotels for you. What is your price range?
I don't have a price range. As long as it's nice. 
Is there a particular area of the city where you'd like to stay?
No, I don't care about the area, either. But do you have a guesthouse?
I have 16 guesthouses that are 4 star and have parking, do you have any other requirements to help narrow the search?
Do any of those have free wifi?
Yes. There are a number of hotels with wifi.  Archway House is one of them that I can recommend.
Sure, what is its address and price range?
Archway house is in the moderate price range. They are located at: 52 gilbert road. Anythign else you need?
What is the price range?
I'm sorry, I only know that it is moderately priced.  Can I book a room for you?
no that's fine.
Is there anything else you will need today?
No that's all. Thanks!
You have a nice day.  Good bye.
I need a train for cambridge, I would like to arrive by 14:15.
I have found several for you. What day would you like to leave?
I'll be leaving Norwich on Friday.
TR8151 will arrive in cambridge at 13:35. Will that work?
Yes. I need two tickets, please. 
I've booked that for you, and your reference number is U6FY6WAD.
Can you find me an expensive indian restaurant?
Curry garden is in the expensive price range and serves Indian food.
Great, can you book me a table for the same group of people at 19:15 on the same day?
Success! Your reference number is DBUN9LUJ. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes, in case you're running a little late. Need any other help?
Nope. I think thats it. Have a good one. Bye for now. 
Thanks, you too.  Goodbye.
I am looking for a moderate priced Chinese food place. 
Yes, there are 4 Chinese restaurants that are moderately priced. 3 in centre and one in north.
I need one in the centre, doesn't matter which. 
Would you like me to make you a reservation at the Jinling Noodle Bar?
Yes please. I will need it at 20:00 on Saturday for 8 people. Thank you.
Booking was unsuccessful would you like me to find another restaurant?
Hi, I'm looking to book a train to Cambridge, that leaves around 16:00. 
Sure. Where would you like to depart from?
Kings Lynn after 16:00 on Saturday, please.
TR4235 departs kings lynn at 16:11 and arrives in cambridge at 16:58. Would you like to book passage on that train?
What is the price on that trip?
The price of TR4235, departing Kings Lynn at 16:11 on Saturday, is 7.84 pounds. Shall I book passage on that train?
No. Not right now. thank you very much for your help today. 
Ok, is there anything else you need assistance with?
No that is all for the time being. Thank you.
You're welcome.  Enjoy your trip.  Are you quite sure there's nothing else I can help with?
I actually do need the price for that train please.
The price is 7.84 pounds.
Thanks.  That's all I wanted to know.
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
No.  That's all I need.  Thanks!
Let us know if you need anything else.
I need to book a taxi to take me to The Junction. I need it here by 18:15.
I'd be happy to help - where should the taxi pick you up? And just to confirm - you need to leave at 18:15?
Yes, leave by 18:15 and from La Margherita.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	blue volvo Contact number	:	07423194148
Okay, thanks a lot. You have a great day.
You are welcome. Thanks for calling. Goodbye.
Please find me a restaurant in the centre part of town.
There are many restaurants in the centre of town.  Are you looking for a specific kind of food?
I am looking for traditional food in the centre part of town. 
I'm sorry, there are no traditional restaurants listed in the centre part of town. Would you like to try something else? 
How about turkish food? 
anatolia serves turkish food and is located in the centre of town.  Their phone number is 01223 362372 and they are located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre
What is price range?
Anatolia is moderately priced. Do you need additional information?
No, that is it. Thank you.
Thank you, have a nice day!
Are there any restaurants that serve proper British food in town?
Oh yes quite a few. Which part of town will you be dining in?
West, if possible.
We have three: Graffiti, Saint John's Chop House, and Traveller's Rest.
Will you give me the phone number, address, and postcode for Graffiti, please?
Yes, the phone number is 01223277977. The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, and the post code is cb30lx. Want to book?
No Thank you. I think that will be everything today.
You're welcome, glad to help. Have a nice day!
Hello, is there any 4 star places to stay in the north?
Sorry, I did not found a 4 star hotel in the north. Can I look in the south? There are several nice 4 stars hotel in the south.
Any of them a type of guesthouse?
For guesthouses, I do happen to have 8 listings. I have one cheaper, and the others are all moderately priced. Do you need any free wifi or parking? 
No I don't need those things, could you give me the address of one that you recommend? 
I'd recommend the Acorn Guest House which is on 154 Chesterton Road.  Do you need any other information?
Thanks for that information.  That's all I need for now.  Have a great day!
You are very welcome! Enjoy your day! Goodbye! 
I am trying to find a train leaving after 15:15 to go to broxbourne. 
TR5694	cambridge	broxbourne	friday	16:01	17:01	17.90 pounds	60 minutes
Is there any that are closer to leaving at 15:15?
Which day were you planning to travel to Broxbourne?
I am looking at traveling on Sunday.
Please confirm you are leaving from Cambridge. If yes, TR6870 leaving 16:01, hourly, is the closest time. 15:01 is too early. 
Yes, I am leaving from Cambrige. How long is the travel time?
 Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : EWSOVUHU.
Could you please tell me the train ID, arrival time, and travel time?
The travel time is 60 minutes.
I need all three things please, train id, arrival time and travel time. 
Read the previous lines please! number TR6870, arrival 17:01, travel time 60 minutes.  
Okay. Thank you for all of your help. Have a good day now.
Thank you, good bye
I'm looking for a train leaving on sunday going to cambridge.
where are you departing from?
I want to depart from London Liverpool Street after 15:00.
There is a train leaving on that date from london liverpool to cambridge at 15:39, arrive at 17:07 with a price of 13.28 pounds. Would you like to book?
No, I will book it myself later. Thanks, that's all I need.
I hope you have a good trip.  Thanks calling in today.  Goodbye.
Yes, I am a looking for a train. Can you help me?
Yes, I would be happy to. Let me get your information. What is your destination?
I am coming from Bishops Stortford heading into Cambridge. 
What day do you want to travel?
Tuesday, after 12:45 please
There are 6 trains, do you have an arrival time?
No, but I would prefer to leave after 12:45. 
Sounds good! Train TR8266 leaves at 13:29 putting you in cambridge at 14:07. Would you like me to book seats?
Yes, make a booking for 2 people.
You have 2 seats reserved on TR8266, ref# AZVRQ5NW. The total fee is 20.2 GBP, which you can pay at the station.
I'm also looking for a place to dine that serves Thai food.
Would you like to eat on the west or center of town?
I do not have a preference as to which side of town the restaurant is on.
I have 2 options availbable:  Sala Thong and Bangkok City.  Does either one sound good to your? 
Thank you! Is one of them an expensive restaurant?
They are both expensive. Would you like to book a table?
Can you make a reservation at Bangkok City on Tuesday for 2 people at 18:45?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H129X294. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thanks.
Thank you for using our service today.
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi. 
There are 32 hotels with free wifi, do you have any other things you require in a hotel?
I would like a four star hotel, and I don't need free parking.
How about a and b guest house, unless you have any other specifics.
Could you recommend me a hotel that is cheap?
How about the autumn house? It has 4 stars, is in the cheap price range and has internet. 
Hmm, let me see...I think maybe a moderately priced 4 star hotel might be better. Do you show any availabe?
I would recommend the Acorn Guesthouse which is 4 stars, moderately prices and offers both free wifi and parking.
Sounds great. Can I book 8 people for 2 nights starting Tuesday?
You are all booked at the Acorn Guest House.  Your reference number is LXMFRZLR.  Do you need assistance with anything else?
I am looking for places to go in the centre.
Certainly, there are 44 attraction in the town centre, do you have a type of attraction you would like to visit?
Are there any museums available?
there are a total of 79 attractions in Centre  what type of attraction that you are looking for?  
I don't have any in particular.  What would be the highest rated attraction in that area?
I don't have rating information, but Castle Galleries in nice, and admission is free.  Would that interest you?
That sounds great. Can I get the postcode for Castle Galleries?
Yes the postcode is cb23bj.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No.  That's all I needed.  Thanks!
Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day. 
Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and would like a few ideas on places to go for fun.
There are lots of local attractions, are you interested in architecture?
Yes sure as long as the attraction is in the city center. Could you also provide me with the phone number and postcode of the attraction?
Of course. How about Saint Catharine's College, in postcode cb21rl? Phone is 01223338300.
Sure. I also need somewhere to eat. I'm thinking something on the expensive side and close to the college.
Alright, there are 33 different restaurants around the college that are expensive. Is there a type of food you are looking for?
Can I get one in the centre of town and looking for gastropub food.
Backstreet Bistro is an expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves gastropub food. Would you like more information or to make a reservation?
Information, please! I'm not looking to make a booking at the moment.
Backstreet bistro is located in town centre. The address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre, phone 01223306306.  Do you need any further assistance?
Yes, can you book a taxi between the two?  I would like to leave the restaurant by 24:45.
I have confirmed a taxi picking you up at backstreet bistro at 24:45. The contact number is 07972785913. A blue volkswagen will pick you up. Can I help with anything else? 
No thank you. That will be everything I need today. You have a nice day.
You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train. The train should depart from peterborough and should arrive by 13:00.
We have the TR6932 arriving in Cambridge at 11:38. Does that work for you?
Only if it leaves on Thursday.
Yes, TR4669 goes from peterborough to cambridge on Thursday. Would you like to book tickets on this train?
Yes I would like tickets for 2 people and the reference number please.
Alrighty, your booking was successful! The total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station, reference number LN7ISGWV. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes. I am also looking for museums to go to in town.
There are many fine museums in Cambridge, do you have a preferred area or price range?
Not really. Can you give me a list of museums?
the broughton house gallery is a museum in south cambridge and the cost of admission is free.
Fantastic. Could you provide me with the phone number for that museum?
The phone number for the Broughton House Gallery is 01223314960. Can I help with anything else today?
That should be it thank you
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
What can you tell me about the Lovell Lodge?
It is a hotel in the north part of town in the moderate price range with a 2 star rating, free internet, and free parking
Thanks, could you give me the address and phone number?
No problem. The Lovell Lodge is located at 365 Milton Road and their phone number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that's all thank you!
Have a good day.
i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ phone number 01223245151. Is there any department that I can book for you?
No thank you. I think I got it from here.
Alright, have a wonderful day!
I'm looking to book a ticket for a train that leaves stevenage after 09:45.
Thank you so much. Have a nice day
did you book the ticket and if so, how much does it cost?
The first train to leave stevenage after 09:45 leaves at 09:54 and costs 12.80 pounds.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please. I need the booking for 8 people, and I would like a reference number.
done . Your reference number is EM07DZ7Z.
Thank you! I am also looking for information about the Golden Wok restaurant.
Golden wok serves	chinese food and is in the north area of town in the moderate price range. The address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks. But the information you gave me helps alot. Thank you so much for your help. Have a good day. 
You're welcome - have a great day!
I need to find an entertainment place in the centre of town.
Unfortunately, there are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town? Would you like me to search for a different area or a different type of attraction?
Is there a museum then?
Yes! There are 11 museums located in the centre of town. Would you like the information for any of them?
Yes, thank you. The address for any on that you recommend. 
The primavera is located at 10 king s parage postcode cb21sj
thanks! I'm also looking for a guesthouse to stay in in the north.
acorn guest house	would be nice, can i boot it for you?
does it have free wifi?
Yes, they offer free wifi as well as free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, for seven people. We want to check in on Sunday and stay for two nights.
Unfortunately there is no availability. Would you like to change the length of your stay or choose another guesthouse?
Alright, how about a single night stay? Would that work?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KIZ22NB2.
I am looking for a train this Saturday.  Can you help?
I can certainly help with that. Where are you departing from on Saturday?
I want to go to Cambridge from london liverpool street, I'd like to arrive by 17:15.
I have 7 trains available.  What time would you like to depart?
I need to arrive no later than 17:15 please.
I have train TR5863 arriving at 17:07 is that okay for you?
Yes, I need 7 tickets. 
I have 7 seats booked for you on TR5863.  The fare is 92.96 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is BJUFKBWX.
I am also looking for a restaurant called pizza express.
Okay, I see two restaurants in the system, Pizza Express and Pizza Express Fen Ditton. They're both moderately priced Italian restaurants located in the centre of town.
Please, book for 7 people at 20:30 pm on Saturday. I need the reference number.
Booking was successful, Pizza Express. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : O1R61V06. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope. Thank you and bye now. 
Not a problem. Enjoy your stay.
What's interesting to see and do on the South side?
There are a few attractions in the south, you might like byard art it's a free museum. Would you like the address?
Yes, please provide the address.
The address is 14 king's parade, postcode cb21sj, and the phone number is 01223464646. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need to find a train that arrives in Kings Lynn by 19:30. 
Please clarify your departure city please.
The train should arrive by 19:30 and should go to kings lynn. The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on saturday
There are 14 trains that fit your criteria. The first departs at 5:11 and the last train train departs at 18:11. What would be your preference for departure time?
I would like to leave at 18:00 please.
Train TR7579 leaves Cambridge on Saturday at 18:11 and arrives at Kingslynn at 18:58.  Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes please, for 5 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : QKQT1KP9.
Great that's all I needed. Thanks for your help.
Glad I could help. Have a great trip!
I am looking for a moderately priced place to stay while visiting north Cambridge.
There are 11 entries, how about Arbury Lodge Guesthouse?
It should include free parking.
There are 7 guesthouses and 2 hotels that are moderately priced and offer free parking in the north part of Cambridge.  Do you have a preference?
I would like to book one of the hotels. I will need it for 4 people for 2 nights staring from Thursday. May I also have a reference number?
You certainly may. I have you booked at the Ashley Hotel for two nights, beginning Thursday, with a reference number of T65BHM4Y.
Awesome, I also need a train on Saturday that arrives by 19:45.
Okay, I can do that for you. What is your destination and where will you be departing from?
I will be going to Boxbourne and I will be leaving from Cambridge.
The last train to Broxbourne leaves cambridge at 18:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 19:01. Would you like to book that train?
How long is the actual travel time and how much does it cost?
Of course, it's a 60 minute trip and it will cost 14.32 pounds per ticket.
I think that takes care of everything I needed. Thanks a lot!
Happy to be of service. Have a great day, and I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the south part of town. Could you recommend me three restaurants? 
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the south of town, and Restaurant Alimentum is a moderately priced modern european restaurant in the south of town.
Is there a third restaurant?
There is not.
OK. Can you give me the address and phone number for Restaurant Alimentum?
Their phone number is 01223413000 and they are located at 152-154 Hills Road.
Thanks much! Bye!
Thank you, goodbye.
I need a Taxi, I want it to go to carolina bed and breakfast, arriving for my reservation at 4:00.
No problem! Where are you departing from?
from Charlie chan
ok its a yellow ford and the contact number is 07048042435
Ok got it, thank you very much
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
nope that's everything, thanks.
awesome, have an awesome day you awesome person
You have a great day too!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I would like to book a taxi to the gandhi.
I can help you book that, first I'll need to know where you'd like picked up at.
I want to be picked up at prezzo please
I'll need a little more information to find you a taxi. What time would you like to arrive at the ghandi?
I can't leave until after 16:30, please.
Okay, I've got a grey ford with the contact number 07766078886.
Thank you very much!
You are most welcome!
Find me an expensive restaurant that serves gastropub food
I see several options; do you prefer the centre or east of town?
The centre of town.
Backstreet Bistro and The Slug and Lettuce are both expensive gastropub restaurant in the centre of town.
I need a reservation for any of those. 16:00, on Tuesday for 8 people.
You're booked at Backstreet Bistro, ref #O8Z7DXNU. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that will be everything.  
Have a good day and enjoy your visit.
I am looking for a place to dine in the west.
Yes I have many restaurants to choose from in the west. Do you have a price range preference?
Yes I would like it to be expensive. 
There are nine restaurants available. Do you have a food type preference?
No preference on type.
graffiti is a nice place and is in expensive price range.Would you like the address ?
Yes, I am visiting cambridge, and would like to know what theatres are available in town
There are 5 theatres. Will you be in the centre or south part of Cambridge?
Oh I'm not picky, can you pick one for me?
I'm going to recommend The Junction for you.  It's located on Clifton Way.  Would you like the phone number to see what is playing and when?
No thank you. However, I am looking for a train. I need to depart from London Kings Cross and travel to Cambridge.
When would you like to travel?
Wednesday and I need to leave after 13:30 please.
TR0397 will leave at 15:17 and arrive at 16:08. Would you be interested in booking this train?
Yes, that would be fine. I need to make the booking for 8 people, please. 
I've booked that for you.  The reference number is 1LHOCOGA.  Anything else I can do for you?
That is all. Thank you, good bye. 
Please contact us anytime. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for cheap places to eat in the city centre?
Yes I have several Chinese and Asian restaurants. Do any of these interest you?
Yes. I would like to book a reservation for 3 at 16:45 on Saturday.
OK, I was able to get you a table at Dojo Noodle Bar. The reference number is T5AAEPL9 and they'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Is that good?
Yes thank you.
Will you be needing anything else today?
No thank you.
Glad that I could help.  Enjoy your visit.  Don't hesitate to contact me if you need anything else.  Goodbye.
Where can I find a moderately priced restaurant that serves European food?
I have a number of restaurants available. Is there a particular area of the city where you would like to go?
I would prefer the centre of town.
I highly recommend Riverside Brasserie. It's located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Is there anything else i can help you with?	
can you book a table for 3 on monday at 18:45
Yes for sure! That booking was successful and your reference number is L6EX6O5W.
Thank you. I need to find a train from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street leaving on Tuesday and I need it to arrive by 12:45.
I have train TR0077 that leaves at 9:01 and arrives at 11:44. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds perfect. Could you book it for the same group of people, please?
I booked it for you. reference number is J92CR71U. Anything else today?
You are great thanks !
You're welcome. Did you need more help?
That is everything that I need.
Glad I could help. Have a great day.
I am looking for college attractions in the centre.
I have about 13 different colleges in that area. Might I suggest Saint John's College. It does have a small entrance fee of 2.50 pounds but is one of the nicest.
That is a wonderful suggestion. What is the address and may I have their phone number?
They are located on saint john's street and their number is 01223338600.
Great!  Also I would like to find a place to eat. Somewhere in the same area and expensive.
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. What type of food do you feel like having?
I don't care about the type of food.  Do you have a suggestion?
There is a great seafood place in the city centre called Loch Fyne. They have some of the best reviews overall. Would you like more info about them or a table?
That sounds great.  Please book a table for 1 at 19:45 on Monday. 
I booked your reservations at Loch Fyne for Monday at 19:45 the reference number is 4A4FODSE. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help - goodbye!
You are very welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip and have a fantastic day!  Call anytime for assistance.
Im looking for places to go in town that shows architecture in the centre part of town
How about little saint mary's church at little saint mary's lane?
Okay, that sounds neat! Is there an entrance fee?
The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Yes, I am looking for a Chinese restaurant close by.
Wow, I have 10 different chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Let's try to narrow it down. Do you have a price range you would like to stay in?
To be honest, I don't care about the price range. Can you make a suggestion?
I would recommend Rice House in Centre. It is cheap but oh man their food is fantastic! They are at 88 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I help more?
Yes, I'll need a taxi between the two places as well. 
Sure, what time and where would you like to be picked up?
I would like the taxi to leave the restaurant by 14:45.
Okay, no problem. I've booked you a white toyota to pick you up there, and the contact number is 07058618818. Anything else today? 
Great that was all I needed for today, thank you!
You're welcome, and have a great day.
I need information on a place called Magdalene college.
Oh sure thing! That's a huge college campus in the west side of town. They are located on Magdalene Street and have free admission. 
Great! What is their postcode?
Their post code is cb30ag.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay while I'm in town.
We have many fine accommodations in town! What are you looking for in a place to stay?
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate area, I don't care about free parking, I won't be bringing my mercedes on this trip.
a and b guest house would suit your needs. Could I make a booking for you?
No, thank you. However, will you please tell me the postcode?
cb12dp. Is there anything else?
Could you tell me now many star rating that has? Is it in the North? I forgot to say I need it there.
a and b is not in the north, but there a few guesthouses in the north. Do you care for free wifi?
Internet doesn't matter to me. Any guesthouse in the north that you recommend will be fine. I'll just need the phone number, star, and postcode. 
I suggest acorn guest house, it is a four star guesthuse in 154 chesterton road. their number is 01223353888	and code is cb41da.
Thanks, that is all I need.
Thanks for using our services, have a lovely day. 
YOu too thanks so much. 
you are so welcome
i will be sure to call you if i need your services
it was a pleasure serving you.
I need to find a hotel to stay in, some place with free parking. Thank you.
i have 29 options for you 
Okay, thank you! I would like a 4-star hotel.
That narrowed it down some, but we still have plenty of options available.  Is there anything else you're looking for like a certain price range or maybe internet?  
Any place in the south area of town?
I found two 4-star hotels in that area: Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Yes the first hotel will do great, I need to book for 4 people and 2 nights starting from Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : PZ6RF1H0. is there anything else i could help you with?
I would also like to find a pricey Gastropub, 
There are three expensive gastropub restaurants. Would you rather be in the centre or the east?
I would prefer the south.
Unfortunately the only restaurants that meet your criteria are in the centre or the east.
Can you look again? I thought I saw one in the south area the last time I was in town.
There are none in the south side of town.
Can you check all the gastropubs in town?
There are 4 gastropub restaurants in town. Three are located in the centre, one is in the east. Three are expensive, and one is moderate. 
I'm sorry, I need a restaurant in the south.
There are no gastropub restaurants in the south. Would you like a different kind of food?
Yes, let's try an Italian restaurant in the south, please. There should be one.
I have two Italian restaurants in south. We have the pizza hut cherry hinton and frankie and bennys. Which would you prefer?
I'll go with frankie and bennys. Do you have their phone number and address?
Yes. Their phone number is 01223412430 located Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Anything else?
Can you help me book a taxi?
I can book a taxi but I need to know where you need to be picked up and dropped off. Is there a certain time?
I need to leave the hotel by 6 and head to the restaurant.
I have booked you with a red honda taxi. Their phone number is 07534551524. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, you were helpful
Thank you, any have a great day.
I wanted to go swimming later on today. I need some help finding a pool.
Do you have a location preference? 
Yes, I would prefer it to be in the west.
I'm sorry.  There are no swimming pools listed in that area. 
Ah okay. How about colleges? Are there any of those in the area?
Yes there are 5 colleges in the area.  Do you have one in mind?
Please recommend a good one to me in that area. I need the address and phone number for it as well please.
I suggest magdalene college. It's on magdalene street and phone number is 01223332138
thanks, i'm also looking to stay at a guesthouse.
There are quite a few guesthouses, If you want to stay in the west Finches B&B is an inexpensive choice in that area. Would you like to book it?
Yes please book that for 1 person for 4 nights starting friday.
There are no available bookings currently. Would you like me to book something else?
Please choose another inexpensive guesthouse in the same area.
I'm sorry but it looks like there are no hotels/ guesthouses matching that criteria in the West. Do you have another area in mind? 
Okay, maybe I should begin again. I am looking for a guesthouse in the north. Are there any available?
Yes, there are 11 guesthouses in the north. All but 1, have a moderate price range. One has a cheap range. Most have free internet and free parking. 
is there one with a star or 4 among them?
Kirkwood House has a moderate rate with 4 stars if you are interested. Shall I book it for you?
Yes please just my lonely little self for 4 night starting on Friday.
All set, the reference number is 17W8F55L, any other questions?
No, that is all.  You have been very helpful.  Thanks so much.  Bye.
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge on Saturday.
Where would you be departing from? 
I will be departing from Ely. 
Could you leave on Friday?  There are no trains available on Saturday from Ely to Cambridge.
Sorry, I misspoke. I am actually departing from Broxbourne. 
There are about 19 trains available. I can narrow that down some if you tell me if you want to leave or arrive by a certain time. 
I would like to arrive by 15:30.
There are 9 trains that meet your criteria that day, one leaving every hour from 05:32. Do you have a departure time preference?
No, we just want to get there either at or right before 15:30, please. Can you get me 8 tickets on the closest train to that time?
8 tickets for the TR7846 leaving at 09:32 your reference number is D0CG7JD3. Anything else today?
I'm sorry, I meant that I need 5 ticket for the train booked. Can you fix this? 
Yes sure. I booked that for you for 5 people and the reference number is  IFXPNYHS.
Now that the train is settled, I need a place to stay that is in the expensive range with free parking, please.
There are a number of expensive hotels in town. Do you have a preference for area you'd like to stay?
I would prefer a guesthouse if possible.
I do not have any expensive guesthouses. Can I try something else?
Can you try moderately priced?
I suggest acorn guest house it is in 154 chesterton road.
Ok, that sounds great. Can you book that for me for 3 nights?
Yes. I need to know what night you'd like your reservation to begin and how many people it will be for.
For 5 people starting on Saturday.
I have made those reservations and your reference number is S4MONUEY.
Thank you so much. That's all for today. 
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Aloha! Can you help me find a hotel, please?
I would be happy to help you. What area are you interested in?
I'm not sure but I'm looking for something in the cheap price rating with 4 stars.
I have 7 guesthouse and 1 hotel matching your inquiry. Would you like a certain area or price range?
I need free parking.
It's looking like they all offer both free parking and Wifi. Would you prefer to stay in a particular area of the city?
I would like you to book me into the hotel for tuesday for 5 nights and 2 people.
You have a reservation at Autumn House, located at 710 newmarket road.  Reference number BFT509GX.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Not that is it thank you.
Thank you, enjoy your stay. Bye.
I'm wondering if there is a train leaving at 21:15 that will take me to the Stansted Airport.
thank you, though there are many choices there isn't a 21:15 so I guess I will take the 21:40 on Friday.
Is there a train leaving before that?
Unfortunately no. The earliest that day departs at 21:40.
Okay. Can you book that for me please?
Sure. how many will be traveling?
It's just me. Can I have the price, travel time, and train ID? Also, do you have any places I can go when I get there?
Price is 10.10 pounds, the travel time is 28 minutes, and the train ID is TR4067. I'm sorry, but I don't see any attractions at the Stansted Airport.
Okay, can you find attractions near the centre?
There are 44 attractions near the center of town. Is there a certain type you're looking for?
Could you suggest me one? Also let me know of what type of attraction it is and the place's postcode.
The Cambridge corn exchange is a theatre and the post code is cb23qe. Would you like any more information?
Thanks, I have all I need. Have a nice day.
No problem! Have a great day.
Wonderful help, thanks
Thank you, Enjoy the Cambridge Exchange!
I need to get a train out of cambridge.
Your looking at the trainID of TR5767 or TR2000 depending on your time
The train should go to stansted airport and should arrive by 21:30.
What day of the week are you looking at traveling?
I would like to leave on Tuesday.
these three could help trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book (optional) TR1656	cambridge	stansted airport	tuesday	05:40	06:08	10.10 pounds	28 minutes	 TR1951	cambridge	stansted airport	tuesday	06:40	07:08	10.10 pounds	28 minutes	 TR0684	cambridge	stansted airport	tuesday	07:40	08:08	10.10 pounds	28 minutes
thank you for your help. book for me 5 seats and get me the reference numberes
I'm sorry, could you confirm which train you wanted to book seats on? There were 3 choices given to you.
Whichever train goes to stansted airport Tuesday from cabridge arriving closest to 21:30.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GMYBPE6F.
Thanks for that. I don't need anything more today.
ok. enjoy your day.
I'm looking for places to go in town.  I would like a boat attraction in the centre.  Any suggestions?
 I recommend scudamores punting co they are located at granta place, mill lane. The entrance fee isn't listed. 
What's their phone number and postcode?
Sure their phone number is 01223359750 and their addres is 251a chesterton road.
that's the address. what's the postcode?
The postcode is cb21rs. What else can I help you with? 
I need a train ticket going to london liverpool st leaving cambridge anytime after 08:15 on sunday, can you help me with that?
I have booked for you train TR9025 the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : HTSDZ9LL
I'd like a taxi to take me to ruskin gallery
Sure! What is your departure site?
I will depart from saffron brasserie at 7:15. What is the car type and contact number so I know who and where you will pick me up? 
Booking completed! A grey ford will be picking you up.  The contact number is 07689877132.   
That is all I needed, thank you. 
Okay great. Have a nice time!
I am looking for a hotel in North Cambridge
There are 2 hotels in the north. I recommend Ashley Hotel, at 74 Chesterton Road.
I need them in the cheap range
Both hotels in the north are moderately priced, would you like me to look for a cheap hotel in a different area of Cambridge?
No, thank you. I'd like more information on the ones in the moderate price range. 
 The ashley hotel telephone number is	01223350059	and the adress is 74 chesterton road. Would you like me to book a room?
Do they have free parking and wifi?
Yes they are included in both
Great, I'll book Tuesday-Sunday night so that I leave on Monday.
Am I booking for you only or are there others?
No that's all sure you get address and entrance fee.
The address is 74 chesterton road.
Can you let me know the entrance fee?
It is a hotel. There is no entrance fee, but the price range is moderate.
Can you tell me if they have free parking and internet?
Yes the ashley hotel has both free internet and free parking.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'd also like some information on a park near the hotel.
milton country park is a very nice park. What would you like to know ?
I want the address and entrance fee information
The Milton Country Park is free to get into, and the address is Milton Country Park, Milton. A bit redundant, I know.
Thanks! Can you book a taxi to pick me up at 11:00 at the hotel and take me to the park? 
A blue volkswagen is reserved for you. The phone number is 07990624686. Will there be anything else today?
Thanks that will be all I'm needing today. Goodbye.
Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I need a train to cambridge, please
I would love to help you with that! Where is your departure location?
London liverpool street.
What day are you leaving and what time to you want to depart?
I'd like to leave on Saturday and would like to arrive in Cambridge by 16:45.
Train TR4078 suits you needs and arrives by 15:07. Shall I book it for you? 
Yea please book that train for 4 people. 
I have booked 4 seats on TR4078.  The total is 53.12 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is ES2CDQ5D.  Is there anything else?
Yes, can you book the huntingdon marriott hotel for 4 people, 5 nights starting on Saturday?
Sure!  The booking was successful. Reference number is : WQ3PPKEB.
Great, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome! Have a great trip!
What hospitals are located in town?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge. 
Great. Can I get the phone number, address, and postcode please?
Sure! The phone number is 01223245151, the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, and the post code is CB20QQ.
Thanks that's all I need for now!
You're welcome. I hope everything is okay!
I am looking for african food
There is one African restaurant listed called bedouin. Would you like more information for this restaurant?
Yes. I need the address please.
The address is 100 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.
I am searching for a guesthouse in town that has free parking, do you know of any?
There are 21 guesthouses with free parking. What are your preferences for area or price range so I can narrow the search?
I don't care what the price is but do you have anything in the east?
I have 5 hotels in the east. Three are inexpensive and two are moderately priced. Would you like me to book one of those for you?
Yes, find me some place that 7 people can stay for 3 nights. We'll be arriving on Monday.
Would you prefer one with free internet?
That doesn't matter to me.
Okay, I've booked you at Autumn House with reference number 6OSPYSH1. May I help with anything else?
That's all I need right now. Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town.
There are 2 cheap restaurants in the north part of town. Do you prefer italian or indian food? 
I do not have a preference.  
The two restaurants are Da Vinci Pizzeria and Royal Spice. 
da vinci pizzeria serves italian food. it is in the north part of town.
do you need the address?
Of course!
It is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need any other information.
No, thank you. That is all.
OK. Thank you and good bye.
I would like a hotel with free wifi located in the centre.
Do you have a price range in mind?
A moderate price range would be perfect. Could you make sure it also has a star rating of 3?
The gonville hotel meets your requirements.
Sounds good, can you book it for me for Wednesday, 3 nights and 4 people?
The Gonville Hotel is in the expensive price range but is 3 star. The only moderate price hotel in that area is Cityroomz but is a 0 star rating.
You can book that on for me. I will need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode. 
Hotels do not have entrance fees. Gonville hotel is located at gonville place in the postcode cb11ly. Anything else for you?
I am sorry, I am looking for a park near the hotel. I need the entrance fee, phone number and postcode for the park.
The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens  is a park nearby.  Their phone is 01223336265, the post code is cb21jk, it's located on bateman street.
Can you book me a taxi to pick me up at the Botanic Gardens at 3:30?
A grey ford will arrive to take you to gonville hotel. The contact number is 07759806308. Anything else today?
No thank you, that's all for today. Goodbye!
Thank you, have a great day
I am looking for a multiple sports venue in the centre of town.
Unfortunately I did not find any multiple sports venues in the centre of town. Perhaps you would be interested in searching in a different location?
How about one that is in the type of museum?
Sure, we have 11 museums in the centre area, a few are broughton house gallery, cambridge contemporary art, castle galleries and primavera. Any sound good?
Can I get a postcode, entrance fee, and address of one of them?
The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street, cb11ln. Their phone number is 01223314960, and it's free to get in.
Excellent. Can I also book a train as well? I need one that leaves after 9:45 to cambridge.
Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Stevenage on Thursday.
I have trains departing every 2 hours on the :54's, TR3330 leaves at 9:54, would you like to book it?
I don't think so but how much does that one cost?
That particular route is 12.80 pounds a ticket. Anything else I can help you with today?
I need the train ID.
The train ID was TR3330. Do you want to book a ticket?
No, but I do need to know when the train TR 3330 arrives, please.
The TR3330 will arrive in Cambridge on Thursday at 10:43. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
That looks to be all, thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Call anytime.
Thank you, goodbye. 
Good bye. 
Can you tell me anything about cafe jello gallery?
Yes, the Cafe Jello Gallery is a museum located at 13 magdalene street in the west side of town. Would you also like their phone number?
Yes I would. 
The phone number is 01223312112. Do you need the postcode?
No, but I am looking for a train from Ely on Thursday.
There are 10 trains that day. Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive?
i would like to arrive after 2:00 in the afternoon.
We have the TR0813 that arrives at 11:52 on thursday. Does that work?
I think that could work please make a booking for 6 people
Booking was successful! Your reference number is GXIE5O8F. You have to pay 26.4 GBP at the station.
Thank you very much that is all I needed. Have a good day.
You're welcome, and you have a nice day as well!
I'm looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant.
Great, I have several options for you. Two are in the south.
Area does not matter. Pick one for me. 
I would recommend the Ugly Duckling restaurant. Would you like a reservation?
Can I just get the address for now?  
Their address is12 St. Johns Street City Centre.  Was there anything else you needed to know? 
I'm also lso looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 4.
I have 3 that match your criteria, is there an area you are looking to stay in?
No, I do need wifi though.
I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel, it's an expensive 4 star hotel in the centre. Can I book a reservation for you?
Yes please book for 1 night 1 person. I also need a taxi to go from the hotel by 14:15 to the restaurant. What is the car & contact number? 
What day will you be checking in?
There is no preference.
Unfortunately, to book you a room I would need to know the day you want to start your stay. What day would that be? Then we can get a taxi.
You know what I change my mind. I'll book later. I still need a taxi from University Arms Hotel leaving at 14:15 to the Ugly Duckling.
I have made that taxi and you should expect a red lexus. The contact number for the taxi is 07465471381.
thank you I think that will be all for today.
your welcome, have a great day!
I am going to Cambridge and would like to find a place to eat locally.  Can you suggest a good place?
There are several hotels that match that description. What kind of food are you interested in and what is your price range?
I'm sorry, actually I need to find a train departing from Cambridge going to Ely on Wednesday. I need to arrive by 21:30. 
Train TR6745 leaves Cambridge on Wednesday at 15:50 and arrives at Ely at 16:07. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please, I need a booking for 7 people.
I was able to book it, reference number is GHNB4F22.
Thanks, I need to find a place for dinner too please. Chinese place in the north if there is anything available.
There are three restaurants that meet your criteria.  Do you prefer an expensive or moderate price range?
We are celebrating so how about in the expensive price range?
I can recommend The Hotpot, it is very good.  When would you like the reservation to be for?
We want to eat around 13:15 so we have enough time to eat and still catch the train.
The booking for 13:15 on Wednesday at The Hotpot was successful. The reference number is YMMR1G9V. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need.
Thank you for using our service.  have a good day
Thank you, I appreciate all your help today.
You are welcome. Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Can you find a train departing from Cambridge going to Kings Lynn? Thanks.
Absolutely! It looks like this is a 47 minute ride. What day and time are you looking to depart?
I want to leave after 21:00 on sunday. 
I found a train for sunday after 21:00 leaving cambridge going to kings lynn. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book it for 1 and send me a reference number.
The reference number is TVFAM55I. 
Good day. Might you be able to assist me with a taxi going to Corpus Christi leaving sometime after 08:45?
Sure I can do that! Where is the departure site?
I need it to pick me up from gourmet burger kitchen.
The car coming is a White Tesla with contact number is: 07441094025
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that will do it, thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great trip!
I am going to be visiting cambridge and I would love to find a theatre to go to. Can you help me?
The Cambridge Arts Theatre in the centre is very popular. Would you like more information about it?
That sounds like a place I would enjoy. Can you give me the address?
Sure, It's located at 6 saint edward's passage. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, please provide info on a hotel called City Centre North b and b.  
They are rated 0 stars and price in the cheap range.   Parking and wifi are included
Can I have the area the hotel is in?
It looks like it is in the north part of town. Any other needs today? 
That would be it. Thank you so much. Bye!
You're very welcome. I'm so glad I was able to help you. Have a wonderful visit!
Hi, I'd like to visit a museum in the center of town.
Do you have a particular museum in mind or would you like suggestions?
I would be open to suggestions please.
Great! The Broughton House Gallery at 98 King Street would be a good choice; and there is no entrance fee. Would you like the phone number and postcode?
Yes, I do need the information.
The phone number is 01223314960 and the postcode is cb11ln.
Thanks. Please help me find information about a train to Cambridge. It should get there by 18:15
I can help with that. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from kings lynn.
The TR3677 will get you in at 17:58. Will that work for you?
I need a train that will leave on Saturday. 
TR1499 will get you in at 17:58. Will that work for you? 
That should work. Can you give me the price?
Yes, the price is 7.84 pounds per person, shall I book you?
Not right now, I am also looking for an expensive Italian restaurant in the same area as the attraction.
I'm not finding any expensive Italian restaurants in centre. Do you have a second choice?
Actually I don't need a restaurant after all.  I have all I needed, thanks.  Goodbye. 
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train that will arrive in birmingham new street by 16:15?
What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave Friday from Cambridge. 
TR2716 will leave cambridge at 13:01 and arrive at birmingham at 15:44. The trip will take 163 minutes and cost 75.10 pounds. Would you like to book?
Yes, I would like to book for 3 people.
I booked the train. It was 225.3 and your reference is AS5SBC8P. Do you need help with anything else? 
Yes I also need information on queens' college. 
It's located in west Cambridge on silver street. The postcode is cb39et. The phone number is 01223335511. The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Do you need anything else?
No, that's great. Thank you. Good-bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Do you know what this city might have in entertainment venues? 
There are two entertainment venues in the east, two in the south and one in the west area of town.  Do you have an area preference?
I don't care about the area.  If you were me, which one would you enjoy the most?
I would pick whale of a time in the west, located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill, postcode cb238el. It is always an adventure there!
Is there a place to stay with a moderate price range and free parking?
Which area and type of lodging do you prefer?
I'm looking for a place that is moderately priced and has free parking.
The Acorn Guest House is a great little 4-star place on the north side. They're moderately priced and have free parking and internet. Would you like a room there?
That is all the information I need. Thank you!
You're very welcome. Have a great trip!
Wait! I do want the hotel reservation. Can you book it for me on Thursday for 4 nights for 4 people?
Your room at the Acorn is booked, ref#94RRN05R. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all the info I need. I'm sure of it this time ha ha. Thank you!
you're welcome to use our services anytime
I am looking for a restaurant called Panahar.
Panahar is an expensive Indian restaurant located at 8 Norfolk Street City Centre, cb12lf. Their phone number is 01223355012. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, for 5 at 11:00 on thursday
I have booked your reservation for 5 on thursday at 11:00. Your reference number is 2UOIVX5L. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks so much. Let me double check my list.
Perhaps I could help you find an attraction to visit while you're in town?
That would be great. I'm looking for a place to go in the centre. A college would be nice. 
we have several 3 in the west and 2 in the centre of town, any preference?
I don't have a specific college in mind, do you mind giving me your recommendation? Which one do you think is the most beautiful?
Corpus Christi in the centre is quite beautiful, in my opinion.
Great, could I get the address there?
Sure, their address is king's parade. Do you need anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places.
You taxi is booked. Look for a black lexus, contact number is 07439355567. Can I help with anything else? 
I believe that is all for today. I really appreciate all your help. Have a great day. goodbye
excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for the Fitzwilliam Museum.
I'd be happy to give you more information on the Fitzwilliam Museum.  The address is trumpington street.  Do you need any additional information for this attraction?
Could you give me the exact postcode for the museum, please?
I sure can!  The postcode is cb21rb.  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
Yes. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge. I am leaving from Broxbourne.
Train TR5570 is what you're looking for! 
Ok, great!  Thank you very much for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you today? 
That is all! Thank you so much!
You're welcome. I hope you have a wonderful day! Goodbye.
I would like to find a restuarant called La Raza. Will you help me?
I found a Spanish restaurant by that name at the address of 4 to 6 Rose Crescent. Shall I make you a reservation?
Yes.  I need a reservation for 6 people on wednesday at 17:45.
I can make the reservation for you now.
Yes that would be great and if there isn't a booking for Wednesday I can also do Tuesday. I will need a reference number with that.
I was able to book Wednesday at 17:45 for you. Your reference number is 1R8RR9NS.
I am also looking for some information about queen's college.
Okay, I can help you with that. queens' college is located on the West side and their phone number is 01223335511. There's a 2.50 pound entrance fee though
Can I get the postcode please?
Yes, the postcode for the college is cb39et. 
Could I also have the address of the College?
It is located on silver street. 
thank you for your help!
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
no that is enough for today
OKay, have a great day.
I need help finding a place to dine that is very expensive and is located in the centre.
There are a variety of restaurants that are expensive and are located in the centre. Is there a food type that you are interested in?
I will just take the first one on the list. Can you make a reservation for 5 at 16:00 this Tuesday?
Unfortunately Bedouin doesn't have anything available. Would you like me to keep going down the list?
Yes the next one down the list
Booking was a success. It'll be at kymmoy and the reference number is X651IF9F.
Just to be certain, does kymmoy share the same area and price range as Bedouin?
Yes it most certainly does.
Can you book that for me then?
Yes your booking reference number is X651IF9F.
Thank you very much for your help.
You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?
No that will be all. Thank you for all of your help.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the east.
There are nine restaurants in the east. Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a price range but I am looking for asian oriental cuisine. Is that possible?
I am sorry there is nothing that meets that criteria. Is there another type of food or area you would be interested in?
How about British food?
I would recommend you try Grafton Hotel Restaurant.  As requested it is in the east and serves British food. 
Thanks, will you please book a table for 7 people on thursday at 13:00?
Booking was unsuccessful. can we  book another day or time slot? 
please try booking at 1200hrs and get me the reference number
Booking was successful for Thursday at 1200hrs , table for 7 at Grafton Hotel restaurant. Your Reference number is KQKTCX5Y. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Nope, that should be everything. Thank you so much for all of your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your dinner!
Can you help me find a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?
Is there a certain side of town you would like to stay on?
No preference in area, just need to make sure that it also has wifi.
i have 14 results matching your criteria. how many star rated should it be?
No preference on star rating. It needs to be in a hotel, not a guesthouse. What do you recommend?
I'd recommend ashley hotel. Would you like a room?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need to stay starting on Saturday. It will be for five nights and eight people. 
Your reservation has been made. Reference number is P1FII4X8.
Thanks! I also need a train departing Cambridge to Kings Lynn on Thursday. I want to arrive by 11:15. Can you help?
TR7618 arrives at 10:58. Is that okay for you?
Yes, can you please make a reservation for 8 people? And can I get a reference number to give everyone? Thanks!
I was able to book you for 8 tickets.  The reference number is : VBE2BLHO.  Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks!
Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south serving christmas food. Can you help me? 
Sorry, I couldn't find any christmas restaurants in the south. Want to try a different kind of food?
No, I'd really like cheap Christmas food. How about in a different area? 
I don't have anything that serves Christmas food and is cheap. 
What about a place serving Portuguese food?
Nandos is a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south, would like more information about it?
Yes, could I get the postcode? 
Postcode cb17dy.  Their phone and address is 01223327908, Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me with a cheap guesthouse in the south of town?
I have one option for you. It is rosa's bed and breakfast. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book the reservation and provide a reference number.
Sure, I can help you with the booking?  On what day will you be coming in?
I need to book for Friday for 5 nights.
How many people will be staying?
There will be 7 of us.
Okay, you are booked, with reference number 58HYUWPB
I also want to book a taxi to leave Rosa's bed and breakfast by 15:45. I would like the contact number and car type.
I have booked a red volkswagen for you. The contact number is 07404379938.
Thanks you have been great!
Thank you and enjoy your stay here in our lovely city!
I am looking for train going to cambridge please.
Where are you planning to depart from? 
I would like to leave from the birmingham new street station please. On a Saturday.
Okay, what time do you need to leave by?
I need to arrive by 16:45, departure is not as important.
How about TR3415 that arrives at 08:23?
you can book it please. get me the reference number too
Reference number is : PA6L738Y.
Thank you for your help
welcome. at your service next time
Sorry, I should have specified but the booking needs to be for 3 people
Booking was successful, the total fee is 180.24 GBP payable at the station for 3 tickets. Reference number is : 0UP7SB1H.
Perfect. Thank you so much! Have a great day!
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that was all. Thanks
You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
I am looking for a train to Cambridge please.
There are many trains to Cambridge. Where will you be departing from? 
I'll be departing from Norwich on Sunday. 
Ok, there doesn't appear to be any trains leaving then.  Could you leave later?
I can leave at 10:45.
I apologize for the earlier confusion. We have several trains that will meet your needs. TR6419 departs Norwich on Sunday at 11:16. Will that work for you?
Yes. can you tell me the total travel time as well?
It is going to be 79 minutes total.
Great, that's all I need. Goodbye!
Have a nice day.
Hi there. I have heard lots of family members rave over the Warkworth House hotel. Can you tell me anything about it? 
The Warkworth House is a moderately priced 4 star hotel in the east with WiFi and parking. What else do you want to know?
Do you have the phone number?
Yes, their phone number is 01223363682.  I can help you make a booking if you'd like, or I can help you with anything else.
I don't need to book right now. But, I also need train-schedule information about departing from Cambridge on Tuesday. Can you help me?
Let me narrow it down. What is your destination? What time would you like to depart or arrive?
I would like to leave after 13:00 and should arrive at birmingham new street
TR6168 runs from cambridge to birmingham new street that day and leaves at 14:01. Does that work for you?
Yes, that works.  Can you place the booking for me, it will have to be for 8 people and I'll need the booking number.
OK, I've booked you on the TR6168 leaving at 14:03 with reference number BQFEHIGK. The fee will be 600.79 at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you so much.
Thank you for using Help Desk. Have a great day!
Would you be able to suggest a steakhouse restaurant in Cambridge?
There are currently zero Steakhouses listed for this area. Would you like for me to look elsewhere?
Is there any European moderate restaurants?
There are 5 moderately priced European restaurants. Would you like to specify a preferred area?
No preference in area. Would you be able to recommend one?
Do you have an area preference? If not, I could recommend Restaurant Alimentum. It is moderately priced, popular and in the south.
That's fine. Book me a table for 2 on thursday at 16:30, if that doesn't work try 15:30. I need a reference number. 
I was able to book a table for two at 15:30, your reference number is 8ZM15RZ8.  Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes could you also help me find a nightclub to visit in the city center?
There are 5 nightclubs located in the centre. I recommend the Ballare, which has a 5 pound entrance fee.
Awesome... what is the postcode for the Ballare?
The postcode for Ballare is cb23na. How else may I assist you today?
that is all thanks
You're welcome! If you need anything else, feel free to ask.
I need to book a taxi to take me to Riverside Brasserie at 11:15.
Sure thing, where are you going?
I'm going to riverside brasserie.
Where will you leave from?
I'm leaving from the Marriott Hotel in downtown Cambridge next to the theatre.
Is that the huntingdon marriott hotel?
No, sorry I'm actually departing from saint johns chop house.
Ok, just to confirm, you'd like a taxi from saint johns chop house to riverside brasserie at 11:15?
Yes, but I want to leave after 11:15. When you book it can you get me the car type and contact number please?
All right, sir, you'll be picked up in a blue BMW. The contact number is 07348606520.
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
welcome.enjoy the ride
Can you help me find a train going to Cambridge?
I have many trains available.  What is your departure site?
I will be leaving from Birmingham New Street on Saturday.
Did you have a time in mind? 
I'm looking to travel after 12:45
I have TR8390 leaving at 13 40shall i book it ?
Sure, that will work. No need to book, but can I please get the price of the ticket?
Yes the price is 60.08 pounds per ticket. 
Thank you. Could you also let me know what whale of a time is and its entrance fee?
Whale of a time is an entertainment venue in the west. I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but their phone number is 01954781018.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.
Alright, have a great day.
I'm looking for park in the east. Can you help me?
I would be happy to help. There is 1 park in the east, Cherry Hinton Water Play. Would you like any additional information?
Yes, can I have their phone number please?
The phone number is 01223446100, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a restaurant that serves Indian food in the east.
What price range? I have expensive and moderately priced.
I don't care, whichever one is supposed to have better food.  I need a table for 1 at 12:30 on Thursday.
Okay I went ahead and booked you at the Curry Prince, which is moderately priced and your reference number is IG75ROGD.
Thank you. Can you arrange taxi service to take me from the park to Curry Price by 12:30 please?
Of course! Your booking is complete. The car type is blue Skoda. The contact number is 07574638307. 
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you help me get a taxi to the restaurant in time for the reservation?
Yes, it's been booked. The booked car is blue Skoda. The contact number is 07574638307. 
Great thanks. Have a great day! goodbye
Will there be anything else?
I'm looking for a train, actually. I need to go to Broxbourne on tuesday after 10:15.
There are 13 options available. Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
No, not particularly.  Sooner the better, I suppose.
Train TR2130 leaves at 11:01, with the rest following in one hour increments. 
Ok. What is the travel time? When does the train arrive?
It arrives at 12:01.  Shall I book it for you?
How long is the train ride?
Train TR2130 goes from cambridge to broxbourne, the travel time is 60 minutes. Can I book that train for you?
Sure, why not? Thank you.
I've reserved your ticket. The total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station, and your reference number is NZE7UPOS.
Great, thank you! That is all I need today.
Happy I was able to accommodate you.
i need to find a place to go in the west
There are several colleges and museums in the west and one entertainment venue.  What are you interested in?
Can you tell me about a couple museums, any type, and let me know the cost.
cafe jello gallery is a nice place to visit. cambridge and county folk museum is nice too.
What is the entrance fee for cafe jello gallery?
Entrance into cafe jello gallery is free. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a place to eat near the attraction. 
I found a nice restaurant for you called Saint Johns Chop House. It's not too pricey and tastes great!
Thank you! Is it a European restaurant?
It is a british restaurant. Does that meet your needs?
No I would like to find  European restaurant.
There is the cambridge lodge restaurant, which is in the expensive price range. Address Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Is that located in the west? I forgot to mention I wanted to stay close to where the museum is. 
Yes it is in the west. Do you need anything else?
Just the postcode. Thanks for all of your help!
the postcode is cb30af
Let's see...restaurant, museum...nope. That's everything I need!
Happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am going to cambridge and need a hotel
I can help with that. Do you have a preferred price range in mind? 
Not really.  I like 4 star places that include free parking though.
I have several places. Which area would you prefer to be in. 
I'd like to be in the north side of town.
I did not find a hotel that fits your criteria on the north side of town, but there are several guesthouses.  Would a guesthouse be okay?
That is great. Can you provide me the phone number and price range of the best guest house?
Yes the phone number to the acorn guest house 01223353888 with a price range of moderate
I am also look for a train on saturday to broxbourne. 
There are several trains headed to broxbourne. What time of day would you like to leave? 
I would like to leave after 16:15.
Train TR5688 is departing to broxbourne at 17:01 would you like to book this?
Yes, can you please book for 3 seats?
That booking was successful, the total fee is 42.96 GBP and your reference #1l0FBGWG
Thank you. That's everything I needed.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a good day. 
I need to take a train from Cambridge to the stansted airport, which train would be the best one?
I have several trains traveling to stansted airport, which day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Tuesday after 16:00, please.
TR0471 leaving Cambridge on Tuesday at 16:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport by 17:08. Would this one work for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the south part of town with a 3 star rating.
Okay I have two different options. There is a guesthouse and a hotel. Both have free parking and wifi. Any preference as to which one?
I would take the guesthouse.
Okay, happy to help! would you like more information or a reservation?
The hotel please. I need to book it for 3 people 4 nights starting friday.
You are booked into the lensfield hotel. The reference number is O46I4NOR. My I help you with something else?
no. that is all i need. thanks. bye. 
Great! Have a nice evening.
I am looking for a train going from cambridge to london liverpool street
I have many trains available between Cambridge and Liverpool Street. What day are you looking to travel?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and I would like to arrive by 20:15 please. 
I have train TR7299 that leaves at 5:59 and arrives at 7:27.  Would you like to book that?
Do you have a train that arrives closer to 20:15.
Yes,  TR9561 arrives at 19:27.  Would you like to book that train?
Yes, I need 7 tickets.
Will you needing a reference number?
Yes please.  I'm also looking for a hotel in the west.  I need free parking and wifi available.  Thanks so much.
Your train was booked successfully for 7 people. Your reference number is MQRGDBZA. There are many hotels located in the west. Are you looking for something in a certain price range?
A 3 star hotel in the cheap price range
Im sorry I have nothing matching that criteria can we adjust the amenities?
Hi I need a taxi to pick me up at the Hamilton Lodge and take me to the funky fun house.
What time do you need to leave Hamilton Lodge or arrive at the Funky Fun House?
I need to leave after 21:00 please.
Ok, a white Volkswagen will pick you up. The contact number is 07626227594.
Thanks, that's all I needed.  Have a great day!
It has been a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful night. 
I am looking for a place to go maybe a museum.
There are 11 museums. What part of town would you like?
the centre would be nice. 
It seems all of our museums are in the city centre, though my recommendation would be the Primavera. Would you like any more information?
Sure, I'd like to know the phone number, address, and postcode.
They are located at 01223357708, the address is at 10 king s parade, and their postcode is cb21sj
Thanks for the info. Can I also get information about trains leaving on Monday?
Trains leave Cambridge all the time! Where would you like the train to take you on Monday? And at what time?
I would like to travel to peterborough. What is the travel time from cambridge to peterborough?
The travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like to book a train?
No thank you. That's all I need to know.
Alright, have a great day.
Yes I am looking to find a restaurant that is expensive in the south of town.
There are 5 options. What food type would you like?
What type of cuisine options do I have?
You can choose between Mexican, Italian, Indian, and Chinese.
I would like Mexican, I would need a table for 6 at 16:00 on Monday
I'm sorry, but they have no openings at that time. Care to try a different day or perhaps a different time?
How about 15:00 for 6 people on Monday?
Yes, I've successfully booked your reservation for 15:00. Anything else?
Could I get that reference number?
Yes. The reference number is SEI1ME8K. The Chiquito Restaurant Bar will reserve your table for 15 mins starting at 15:00. Can I help you with anything else? 
Thanks!  That will be all for today.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Could you help me find a moderately priced guesthouse?
I found 15 do you have any other requirements to help narrow it down?
Yes. The guesthouse must include free parking and free wifi.
Carolina bed and breakfast has free parking and internet. It is located in the east with a moderate price range. Will this suit your needs?
Yes it will. Please book it for 4 people staying 3 night starting on Friday.
I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or for a shorter stay? 
Could you tell me if it is available for one night?
I am sorry but the Carolina Bed and Breakfast is not available for one night either, may I check another guesthouse for you?
Yes, please find another moderate guesthouse with free parking and wifi to book. 
I'm sorry, I have tried the Hobson House and The acorn guest house for 3 nights.  Could you possibly book a different day to check in?
Do you have any hotels with free wi-fi and parking in the moderate price range?
Yes. i have the Ashley North and the Lovell Lodge.  Do you have a preference?
Hmmm ... let's try booking the Acorn Guesthouse for 1 night? 4 people, arriving Friday.
I'm sorry, but it's not available. 
Are there any other hotels available?
How about we try the Lovell Lodge, if that's okay?
That would be fine with me
Lovell lodge does not have availability on Friday either. Would you like to try another guesthouse? Does the area matter? We could try kirkwood house, it is in the north.
Oh dear.  Can you try one more time? Moderate guest house, free wifi and parking, for 1 night, Friday, 4 people?  I really need this room.
Sorry, I tried all 12 of the avaialble places with those requirements and there is no availability. 
Well what about helping me find something to visit in Cambridge? What is there to do on the west side?
I apologize for the trouble earlier. I managed to find you a guesthouse called The Hamilton Lodge and made a successful reservation. The reference number is EL0WI0ZV. 
Oh, thank goodness. I was getting worried. Can you recommend any fun things to do in the west side of town? 
You could always visit Churchill College.
Okay, what kind of attraction is that? May I have their postcode and phone number please?
Churchill college is a college in the west. The phone number is 01223336233. The postcode is cb30ds. Can I help with anything else? 
No, that's all I need today. You have been very helpful. Thanks!
You're welcome, please enjoy your visit to Cambridge. 
I'm looking for British food. I want the restaurant to be in the town centre. 
Sure, there are quite a few British restaurants in the centre. Would you prefer something expensive or moderately priced?
It doesn't matter. Please give me the phone number to the restaurant you choose.
How about The Copper Kettle? The phone number is 01223365068.
Perfect, thank you very much for your help
Welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
No, I look forward to dining at the Copper Kettle. Thank you. Goodbye.
thank you for using our system, enjoy.
Hello, I am going to be visiting Cambridge soon and I am interested in what attractions are in the centre.
I can help you with that!  There are many different types, and many people love the architecture attractions.  Would you like to hear more about one of those?
Yes. Tell me more.
Little saint mary's church is a great place to visit. It is located on little saint mary's lane in the centre of town and its free to get it.
Ok, thanks! What about a train to get me to Cambridge? 
Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Stansted Airport. 
What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
The train needs to leave after 16:45 on Tuesday please. 
Tr2101 is leaving at 17:24, would you like me to book tickets and if so how many people?
Thank you for the train ID, what is the travel time for that train?
The travel time is 28 minutes. May I be of further assistance? 
Nope! Thanks for everything. That's all I needed. 
If we can be of further assistance, please reach out to us again. Good-bye.
Can you help me with finding a restaurant called backstreet bistro?
Certainly.  It is a gastropub located in the centre of town, and the address is 2 Sturton Street City Centre. 
Can you book me a table for 5 there on Monday at 15:15?
Your table has been reserved and will be held for 15 minutes. Reference number RMKD81JF. Would you like help with anything else today?
I am also looking for a park in the east. Do you have any suggestions?
cherry hinton water play 	park east 	01223446100 	cb18dw cherry hinton hall, cherry hinton road free
That sounds cool.  What is the cost?
That park has no entrance fee! Can I help you with anything else today?
I like free! What was their phone number? Might be in there, but it's all a bit smooshed together. Also, I'd like to book a car service or taxi.
Their phone number is 01223446100 and where would like that taxi to pick you up?
What is the car type? 
I need to tell it where you're going from and to, and what time, before it can assign a specific car for you. Could you help me with that info?
I apologize. I need to go from the Cherry Hinton Water Play to Backstreet Bistro by 15:15 please. 
Booked car type is white volkswagen and the contact number 07087762820.
Fantastic, thank you very much.
is there anything else you'd  like me to find you?
I need to find a place to sleep on the east side, it doesnt matter is the parking is free or not.
There are 7. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or a hotel?
I think a guesthouse would be more personal. 
I'd recommend the Autumn House. It's a guesthouse in the east. Would you like to book a room?
No thanks. I just need the price range, postcode and phone number. 
The autumn house is a cheap guesthouse located in postcode cb58rs.  The phone number is: 01223575122.  Are you sure I can't help you with a reservation?
No thank you. Could you tell me about Russian restaurants in the east?
there are no russian restaurant in the east
are there any expensive restaurants?
Yes the are some in the East,what type of food do you like ?
I am a big fan of British food. Do you have an expensive one in the east? 
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant is a British restaurant in the East area, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for Monday at 12:00 for 4 people please.
I am unable to book you for that time. Would you like a different day?
Could you try Wednesday?
That isn't available either. Would like to try a different time of day?
How about 12:00?
Monday just became available so I booked it before someone else does. Let me know if that won't work for you. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CAMFOFY8
Great!! Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
Awesome, thanks for your patience and thank you or visiting cambridge.
I am looking for a nearest police station
The Parkside Police Station address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG, and the telephone is 01223358966.
Thanks! That is all I need, good bye.
Thank you for using our services.
Are there any 1-star hotels with free parking?
I'm sorry, I can't find any hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to search again?
I am looking for a guesthouse with free parking, preferably one star.
Sorry, I'm not finding anything. Want to change to a hotel?
What about guesthouses?
No, I'm sorry but as I said, there are no guesthouse listings. What else may I look for for you?
how about a hotel with 4 stars?
it is available. can i book one for you?
Yes, I will be traveling alone on Sunday and staying for 2 nights.
Thank you for your patience. I am checking many hotels as so far I have been unsuccessful booking a room for you.
Let's back up a bit. Are there any 4-star guesthouses?
Yes, there are 16 4 star guest houses that have free parking. Do you have an area you are looking at? 
No, no place in particular. Whatever you think is good.
The alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the centre in the cheap price range with parking. When are you arriving? How many people?
The reservation will start on Sunday, for one person. 
This booking was unsuccessful. Is there a different day or area you would like to stay?
Sure, can you check on a Tuesday arrival?
Okay, that booking was successful for Tuesday. The reference number is SID7A0H4. Is there anything else you need?
That is all. Thanks so much!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day! 
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves belgian food
There aren't any belgian restaurants in the area. Would you like to search for something else?
Portuguese, please.
For portuguese food, there is Nandos in the south part of town or Nandos City Centre. Would you like the contact information for either of those?
Yes, please.  I will take the phone number and address for Nandos in the south area.
Absolutely, nandos is located at cambridge leisure park clifton way. Its phone number is 01223327908. Would you like anything else? 
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
Can you let me know if a place called the Gonville hotel is still around?
Yes and it is as popular as ever.  It is 3 stars and quite expensive.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
What area of town is it in?
It's in town centre.
Ok, thanks. Also, are there any Indian restaurants in the centre?
There are several with various price ranges. 
Whatever you recommend. Give me your best recommendation and go ahead and book me for a table for 6 people. I want to go on Saturday at 15:30.
saffron brasserie has your reservation. It will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is, PRYP175N. Can I get you the address or phone number?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Thank you for using our service!
I need a train to Cambridge that will arrive by 18:03 and leaving on Friday. 
We have many trains going to Cambridge, Where are you departing from?
Depart from Cambridge and go to Stansted Airport
The closest train meeting you requirements will arrive in Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
That works. May I get the departure time, travel time, and price for that as well?
The train departs at 17:40 duration 28 minutes price 10.10 pounds.
I would also like to find out if there are any museums located in the centre of town. 
I show 11 results for museums in the centre, all free entrance.  To name a few there is castle galleries, primavera, ruskin gallery. Would you like more information?
May I have the phone number and address for Castle Galleries?
Sure the phone number and address for Castle Galleries are 01223307402 and unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. 
Is there an entrance fee?
No, no fee it is free entrance. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that is all. 
I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Would you be able to help me locate a restaurant in Cambridge?
We have many great places to eat in Cambridge. What kind of cuisine or price range are you looking for?
I am actually looking for an attraction rather than a place to eat.  Can you help me find a cinema?
There is a cinema in Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Would you like me to give you their phone number?
Can you tell me what postcode it's in?
Their post code is cb17dy. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a place to eat. Mexican food is good, it should be in the south and expensive. 
Could you make a reservation for two this Thursday at 7:00 at chiquito restaurant bar?
No, I need a reservation for 4 on Saturday at 14:45.
The restaurant has been booked. Your reference number is 54JMT9OQ. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I would like to also book a taxi and it should arrive at the restaurant by 14:45. Could you also please give me its contact number and car type?
I would be happy to book your taxi. I will need your departure location and pick up time to complete the reservation.
I would like the taxi to arrive at the restaurant at the time I have it booked please
And where are you departing from?
I would be departing from the cinema at Cambridge Leisure Park.
I'm sorry.  I'm having trouble processing that.  Where are you leaving from again?
I am leaving from the cambridge cinema.
Okay, I have a black volvo scheduled to pick you up at Cineworld Cinema to take you to the Chiquito restaurant. The contact number is 07424735359. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you.
Have a great time! Goodbye.
Hi! I would like to find a hotel to stay in. I don't care about the parking. 
I'll be glad to help. What area of town are you looking for?
The area is not too important, honestly. But I would like it to be a hotel and have a 4-star rating. 
Does price matter, because I can find you a cheap one or an expensive one?
Cheap one, please.
The cambridge belfry meets your criteria! Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please! Book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
Booked! Your reference number is 2CAJEN22.
Great!  Thanks! 
You are most welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you that was all, Goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
While in Cambridge I need to find a restaurant called the rice boat. 
Rice Boat is located at 37 Newnham Road in Newnham. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes please, I need a table for 6 on Sunday at 17:45.
Wonderful. You're table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is JM6MM56Y.
I'm also looking for a moderately priced 2 star hotel with free wifi in the south. 
I was not able to find any hotels matching those requirements.
Can you try in the north then?
I was not able to find any hotels matching those requirements. 
Is there any moderately priced hotels in the city centre then? I need a hotel for the same group of people for 5 nights starting the same day.
Looks like there was an error in our system earlier. There are two moderately priced hotels in the north - The Ashley and The Lovell Lodge. 
Could you try to book us there for 4 nights instead?
Yes, which of the two would you prefer? Ashley Hotel or Lovell Lodge?
The Lovell Lodge sounds nice. Please try for 5 nights but we can settle with 4 if we need to. 
How many people is the hotel for and which day would you like to begin your trip on?
Oh sure, It's for 5 nights starting sunday for 6 people please.
I'm sorry there is nothing available on those days. Would you like to shorten your stay or try the other hotel?
Can you try the other hotel then?
I was not able to book that one either. Can we try a different day perhaps?
Can you try booking for 4 nights instead?
I was able to book the Lovell Lodge for 4 nights starting Sunday for six people. The reference number is XTY5KJI9.
Thank you very much! That was everything i needed. Take care and have a great day.
I'm happy to have helped you. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I want to book a taxi going to Christ's College departing from City Stop restaurant please. 
When would you like to arrive by?
Doesn't matter, but I need to leave after 14:15
I was able to book you a black Volkswagen for 14:15, the contact number is 07944381295.
Thank you very much.
Will there be anything else today, or have I answered all your questions?
That's all I needed, thanks so much for your help.
It was my pleasure. Have a great night. 
Hi, I I'm looking for a hotel to stay at that is moderately priced and includes free wifi.
I have 17 different options. In order to narrow down an option for you, can you tell me what area you would prefer?
I am not sure but I do want it to have a 4 star rating. 
We have 11 such entries. Does free parking matter to you?
Not really, but free parking could be nice.
If you have no other preferences to help narrow it down, may I suggest the Acorn guest house? It's very nice, with free wifi and free parking as well.
That is perfect.  Please book 3 days starting on Sunday.
Okay and how many guests will be included in the reservation?
There will be 4 people for 2 nights starting Monday.
You said Sunday at first and they you just said Monday.  Do you want it for Sunday or Monday?  
Sorry. Monday is what I want.
I'm sorry, but the hotel isn't available for your stated days. Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Is there another hotel that has a room available for 4 people for 2 nights starting on Monday?
There are no rooms available for 2 nights starting on Monday. How about a different day or a shorter period?
Okay, how about for 1 night?
Your booking request was successful!, Would you like the reference number? Or is there anything else I can help with?
Yes. I do need the booking number and would also like to check into a train.
Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to go from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Monday.
Hi, we have several trains leaving on monday. Is there a particular time of day, you'd like to leave?
I would like to leave after 12:30
I have several trains running that day, the earliest I can offer that leaves after 12:30 is TR3108 which leaves at 13:32 and arrives by 14:32, would you like me to book your tickets?
Yes, please, and can I have a confirmation number as well?
Absolutely. How many tickets would you like to get?
I only need one ticket.  Thank you.
I have booked your ticket for one, is there anything else you need?
What is the travel time for the train?
The train leaves at 13:32 and arrives 14:32 for a travel time of 60 minutes.  Is there anything else you need?
That's all. Thanks! Goodbye!
You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, Postcode CB20QQ. Are you looking for a particular department?
No, but can I please get their main phone number?
01223245151, is the phone number.Anything else?
No. That is all. Thank you.
Thank you for using our system today!
I would like a Hungarian restaurant in the west of town.
There are no Hungarian restaurants in the west of town. Would you like to change your query?
Is there any Indian food on the west side of town.
There are 6 Indian restaurants in the west part of town. What price range do you have in mind?
The price range doesn't matter.
Would you like the name, address and phone number of a few of them?
Yes, but just for one. 
Cocum is located at 71 Castle Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 366668.   Their price range is expensive.  
Thank you!
You're welcome. May I help with another query?
Nope, I'm good. Thanks again.
Goodbye. 
I would like to get some info on the pembroke college please. 
Certainly, its a beautiful campus in the centre part of town, they are on trumpington street and the admission is free.
Thanks.  That answers my questions.
great, is there anything else i can assist you with today?
I also need a hotel.
What area are you wanting to stay in?
I would like that to be located in the north. 
What is your preferred price range?
No particular price range, but I would like it to be 4 stars. 
I have about 8 options. Might I suggest the Avalon. It is a guesthouse in the north. Moderately priced with 4 stars and offers free wifi. 
That sounds great. Could you book it please for 6 people for 4 nights? I want to get there tuesday.
Your booking for 6 at Avalon this Tuesday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : W4A55772. Anything else I can do for you today? 
Thank you so much for booking that for me!
Glad to be of service.
Can you find me a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free parking?
I found 5 guesthouses for you. What part of the towns do you prefer to stay? 
Any area would be fine. But do any of the guesthouses have a 3 star rating? 
Yes.  Does it matter what part of town?  There is one on the south, one on the north, and one on the west.
The area doesn't matter, I just need to make sure I have a place to stay for 4 nights starting Saturday.
All right, I can make a reservation at the Bridge Guest House if you tell me how many people are in your group. 
3 people. 
I do not have that hotel at that time, should I try for a shorter stay?
How about just 1 night?
Okay, you are booked at the bridge guest house for 1 night (Saturday). Your reference number is NVYYU4ML. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks so much, I can't wait.  Bye.
Don't mention it. I hope you guys have a blast. 
Are there any pricey russian restaurants in cambridge? 
My system is not pulling up any expensive russian restaurants.  Would you like to try another cuisine or price range?
Yes I would like moderately priced European please.
How about Galleria at 33 Bridge Street? 
No you know what. how about Indian food instead?
Yes what area would you like it to be in?
actually, i want indian food not european food.
In what area would you like the Indian food to be in?
I would like the Indian restaurant to be in the west.
I have the megha located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Would you like reservations?
Yes can you please book a reservation for 3 people at 12:45 on Thursday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3OO6S8AZ. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need train tickets for my group. I need it to leave by 8:30 from norwich to cambridge. same day please.
Alright I found you the TR3948 that leaves at 07:16. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. I'll need 3 tickets.
You are booked on TR2398. The total fee is 52.8 GBP. Your reference number is 7JQYREMA. Departs at 09:16 and arrives at 10:35. May I help with anything else?
That's all, thanks a lot man!   You were awesome!
You're welcome. May I assist you in any other way today?
No thank you, that was everything! 
The Meghna is located at 205 Victoria Road in Chesterton. Would you like a reservation?
I'm sorry I don't know what you're talking about. I have gotten everything I need. 
I am glad to have been assistance.
I am looking for a restaurant named kymmoy.
Ah, yes. It's an expensive asian oriental restaurant in the centre. Would you like me to book for you?
Yes. I need a table booked for 7 on saturday.
What time do you need that booking at?
20:00 on Saturday.  
Booking was successful. Your reference number is LPD0DLPX.
What kind of attractions are available in the centre?
I have museums, architecture, theaters and cinema just to name a few.
Can I get the info to a cinema please?
I have the vue cinema located at the grafton centre, east road.  
That sounds good. What is the entrance fee?
I am sorry but there is no information on their entrance fee.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
May I have the phone number for the vue cinema, please?
the phone number is 08712240240. anything else?
That is all. Thank you!
Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I want to find a restaurant in the centre part of town and serves british food.
There are several British restaurants.  Do you have a price range in mind?
I have no preference. can i please have the address and phone number of one of them ?
Cotto is a british restaurant in the moderate price range and in the centre. Its address is 183 east road city centre and its phone number is 01223 302010. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Nope, that'll do it, thank you for your help.
Have a nice day!  thank you, goodbye.
I need to go from Cambridge to Peterbourgh Saturday. 
Tr7310 is leaving from cambridge at 05:06 and arriving at peterborough at 05:56 for 13.20
I'm sorry. The train needs to going to Cambridge from Peterborough.
Sorry about that,what time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after 18:15.  Also, I would like to know the fare.
TR4005 departs Peterborough at 18:19 and arrives in Cambridge at 19:09. Total travel time is 50 minutes, and the fare is 13.20 GBP per person.
Great, thank you. Now, I need some information on college I can visit in the centre of town.
I have located several colleges in the area that have entrance fees ranging from free to 2 pounds. Is there a particular one you would like to visit?
I don't have one in particular. Can you give me a few examples?
Sure I have Corpus Christi in the city centre and Christ's College, which is very famous in the centre.
Can I get the address of Corpus Christi?
The address is king's parade, is there anything else I can do?
No thank you. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome.  I hope you enjoy your visit!  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train arriving at 13:30, departing from cambridge.
On what day will you be travelling?
I need to leave Sunday to go to Ely.
TR1159 will arrive by 12:07 would that work for you?
Yes can I get a ticket for 8 people please
Booked! You will pay 28.16 at the station, your reference number is FN62T8MF. Is there anything else you need?
Great that's all that I needed today, thank you for all your help!
Is there anything else I can do for you before we go?
NO thank you very much.
Okay, enjoy your trip!
Please help me find general information about park type places to go in Cambridge.
There are five total parks in Cambridge, four of which are free. The University Botanic Gardens cost 4 pounds to enter.
May I please have the phone number, postcode, and area of a free park that you recommend?
I have cherry hinton water play,located in the east and the post code is cb18dw. Here is the phone 01223446100.
Thank you for your help.
Have a nice day!
I need a taxi departing from golden wok.
Ok, what time do you want to leave by?
I'd like to leave after 17:30.
Where is your destination?
I'm going to holy trinity church.
Alright, I have a yellow skoda for you and the contact number is 07866277583.
I will look for the yellow skoda after 17:30. Thanks for all your help.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
not really. am good to go
Great! Have a nice day! 
Looking for a restaurant in the east side that serves basque food.
I did not find any restaurants with that criteria. Do you want to change the area?
Will you look for indian food in the east?
How about Curry prince? It is indian food.
Perfect! I would like a table for 2 at 16:00 on Tuesday
I was unable to complete your booking. Would you like to try another day or time slot?
Would 15:00 on the same day work?
The booking was successful for Tuesday at 15:00 for a party of 2. Your reference number is H2VOXSP6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
thanks!
You are welcome!
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves french food
There is Restaurant Two Two in the the north side of town that serves French Food.
What is their address, number, and price range?
Restaurant two two is in the expensive price range.  their phone number is 01223 351880 and they are located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton. Would you like anything else? 
No, that takes care of it. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
Can you help me find a train from cambridge?
I have many trains available.  What is your destination and day you would like to travel?
I am travelling to london liverpool street on Monday
Do you have a particular time you would like to travel?
london liverpool street and should leave after 17:00, I need you to book it for 7 people and a reference number please
TR7092 leaves at 17:59, will this be ok?
That sounds great. Please book it for me.
Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee is 116.2 GBP. You can pay this at the station. Your reference number is 2SDPSULR. 
Thank you. I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd like a guest house that's expensive with a star of 4. 
I'm sorry there aren't any matches. Would you like to try something in the moderate price range?
How about  a cheap place instead?
There are 7 choices in the cheap price range, are there any preferences?
are there any guesthouses?
Yes, there are several. Do you have a certain area in mind?
The area is not an issue. I do want it to be an actual hotel. 
There is one cheap hotel in the west. It is the Cambridge Belfry. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes thank you. I need a room for 7 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.
I will work on getting that booked for you. 
What is the reference number?
Booking was successful, your reference number is:  QJTIXK8C. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Fantastic.  That is all I have to request. 
i hope you enjoy staying around here
I'm sure I will. Thanks again.
It was a pleasure assisting you. Have a great day. Goodbye. 
I need a train out to London Liverpool Street on Saturday. 
What time do you need to leave on Saturday?
I'd like to leave sometime after 16:15, leaving from Cambridge. 
The first train after 16:15 TR8824 leaves at 17:59. Shall I book it for you?
Can you tell me how much that will cost and how long the journey is?
Yes, it will cost 13.28 pounds and take approximately 88 minutes. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not at this time. Thank you for everything!
Sure. Let me know if you need anything else.
Okay. Thank you.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I need a train to Norwich, leaving after 21:30.
On what day will you be traveling on?
I am leaving on Thursday.
Where are you departing from please?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge
ok, the TR9937 leaves at 21:36
What would be the arrival time of that train?
The arrival time of the train TR9937 from cambridge to norwich  will be same Thursday by 22:55. Is that okay with you?
What is the total travel time for this trip?
This trip is for 79 minutes and costs 17.60 pounds.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes if you could book it that would be great. 
How many tickets do you need?
I don't need any reservations today just information. 
OK! Do you have all the information you need?
i am also looking for a guest house called  a and b guest house.
The A and B Guesthouse is a moderately priced 4 star guesthouse in the east. It has free internet, but no parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
I just need the address. 
sure thing, they are located at 124 tension road
Great, thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you.
Okay great. Thanks for calling.
I need 3 rooms for  nights in a cheap hotel
I can certainly help you with that. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I'm actually looking for an expensive north African restaurant. 
There are none, can I find you find you anything else? 
What about chinese food?
There are several options for chinese food. Is there a particular area that you would prefer?
No.  Just pick one.  I need a table for 4 at 16:30 on Thursday.  I need the reference number.  Also, I need a museum in the centre.
I've booked a table for you at Ugly Duckling located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. Your reference number is 5VYTXWH4. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks.  I am looking for a museum in the centre of town.  What would you recommend?
There are lots of museums in the centre. Did you have a particular one in mind?
No is there one you could recommend? 
Sure I personally like the primavera. 
I'd like to get some additional information on this museum. May I have the phone number and postcode, please?
The phone number is 01223357708  and the postcode is cb21sj. May I help with something else?
I would also like to book a taxi traveling between the two location.
Ok, which direction and what time?
i want it to go to my restaurant by 16:30
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	black audi Contact number	:	07792008199 Can I help you with anything else today?
No. Thanks. All set.
Okay, have a great day.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant. Can you help me?
There are 22 cheap restaurants. What part of town are you interested in?
I'd like a place in the centre, please.
There are 15 cheap restaurants in the centre area. What type of food are you interested in?
Could you get me the phone number and postcode of one close to a museum?  Looking for place to go after meal in same area?
The Golden House Chinese restaurant  phone number is 01842753771 and the postcode is cb21eg, is there anything else I can assist you with?
Hi, can you help me find a 4 star place to stay? 
There are a total of 21 hotels and guesthouses in the city that have 4 stars. Is there a particular area or price range you would like?
How about a place in the east side of town that is a hotel not a guesthouse
I am sorry but I do not have any hotels in the east.  Would you like to change location or type of accomodations?
Yes, can you please change the location to centre?
We have one 4 star hotel that is in the centre, University Arms Hotel, it has internet and parking and is expensive, would this one suit you? 
That will be fine. Can you book me a room for Saturday, please?
Certainly. How long would you like to stay, and how many are in your party?
I'll be arriving Saturday and staying 3 nights.  There are 3 of us.
Unfortunately, we cannot book you for those days. Could you change the number of days?
Sure, try for two days?
That was unsuccessful too. Wanna try something else?
Is there another one in the Centre with that critera avaible?
No, I'm sorry.  I am searching for a 4 star hotel in the centre for 2 nights on Saturday.  Is that correct?
I need the hotel for 3 nights starting on Saturday please.
Would you like to change the number of days you are staying. I was unable to find anything.
No, please continue the search.
I'm sorry, but the University Arms does not have anything available on Saturday for 3 people, for a 3 night stay. Would you like to try a different day?
I am so sorry.  Could you just change the number of people in my party to 5 and try again?
That worked,  I guess you just needed a larger room.  Your reference number is PR0ABUBI.  Can I be of further assistance?
No that is all I need, thank you.
Thank you, have a great time
Would you happen to have any expensive Creative restaurants?
I'm sorry, I haven't found anything. Are there other cuisines you're interested in?
I would like Chinese food.
There are several options for Chinese.  What area of town will you be in?
Any part of town is good. I need a booking for two people on Saturday at 16:45.
I've booked you a table at Yu Garden on Saturday at 16:45. Would you like the reference number? 
Yes please can you send that.
The reference number is W6V1M6MM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a train to stansted airport by 11:00
I can help you find a train to Stansted airport by 11:00. Where will you be departing from and will that be on Saturday?
Sunday, and I will be departing Cambridge.
Great the TR8208 can get you there by 10:08
That's great. Can you book that train for 2 people, please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : QMYCRLDH.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
I am glad I can help. Enjoy your stay
Can I get information on 3 star hotels in the moderate price range?
I have many can I ask what area you would like it in?
The hotel should be of the guesthouse type and should be located in the west area.
The Hobsons House is a guesthouse that is available. Would you like any additional information? 
Can you book it for me?
Absolutely, how many days will you need and the number of people in the room?
book it for 7 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
Booking is confirmed. Reference number is : I57N7Y29. May I assistance you with any additional assistance?   
What are some attractions on the east side? Is there a swimming pool available?
Yes we have the abbey pool and astroturf pitch, is there anything else you need?
I need the postcodes and entrance fees please. 
The postcode is cb58nt. You will have to call to find out the entrance fee. The phone number is 01223902088.
oh you don't have that information?
Sometimes we are provided information on the entrance fee, but unfortunately for this attraction we do not have it. 
No problem, I can afford it, why am I so worried? lol.   That is everything I need, you were very helpful.
It was a pleasure helping you from the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need a restaurant in Cambridge that is expensive  and also in the centre of town. 
Bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre meets your criteria.  Would you like a booking made for you?
Does Bedouin serve German food?
No, it serves African style food. Would you like to find a restaurant that serves German?
Yes, if there is one available.
I don't have any expensive german restaurants in the centre.
Are there any Japanese restaurants in the same area and price range?
Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant in the centre area in the expensive price range.
Great! I'd like to make a reservation for 6 people at 17:15 on Tuesday. And I'd like a reference number, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is ZMGYWSSO. Is there anything else that I could help you with?
I'm looking for a train on the same day that arrives by 19:15 and departs from Norwich (going to Cambridge, of course).
There are 13 trains the latest is an arrival at 18:35 would that work for you?
I'm sorry I mean to say 9:15. I need to arrive by 9:15.
TR0339 leaves Norwich at 07:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 08:35. Would you like me to reserve your tickets, and if so, how many will be traveling?
Yes, please reserve six tickets for us.
I have booked your tickets. The reservation number is 8IIV469O. The fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all, thank you.
It's my pleasure! Thank you for contacting us. Goodbye!
I need to book a train for Friday please.
Great. Where are you headed?
I am going to Cambridge. I would like to arrive in the afternoon, please.
Where are you departing from? 
There are two of us departing from kings lynn and we need to arrive by 16:45. Can you book it for 2 people and send me the reference number?
I booked TR5331 for you. Your reference is GPFBA8K5.
Can I also get information on king's college. 
Of course. King's College has a free entrance fee and is in the centre of town
What is the address?
adress is Kings Parade 
I want a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. What is the address and postcode?
How about The Missing Sock?  They serve international food at Finders Corner Newmarket Road, postal code C.B 25, 9 A.Q .
Thank you, goodbye.
Woah, okay, bye.
Hi, can you please give me information on a restaurant called Midsummer House Restaurant located in Cambridge?
This is a British restaurant found in the center of town that is in the expensive price range. What other information do you need?
Can you book this restaurant for 3 people on Wednesday at 15:45?  
I booked it for you- the reference number is 5CWU2U98. Is there anything else?
I would like to do a little site seeing. Do you have any good attractions in the east?
There are many in the east,what type are you most interested in?
are there museums?
May I suggest Cambridge Artworks? It sounds like just what you are looking for and is Free to visit.
Okay, that sounds great. Can you also help me with a taxi in order to get to the restaurant?
I booked a taxi from cambridge artworks to the restaurant that will get you there in time for your reservation. Car is a black tesla and the contact number is 07036386739
Great. Thank you so much. You have been so helpful. I think that was all I needed. Thanks and goodbye. 
You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I have a hotel in mind that I need some help to book.
Okay, can you provide the name of the hotel please?
I would like to book the Aylesbray Lodge guest house, for 1 person, 3 nights, starting Friday
I have you booked for 3 nights starting on Friday.  The reference number is  8FLXFYYW.  Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Yes, I'm looking for a  want restaurant called la raza and book a table for 1 at 16:45 and I need a reference number 
What day do you want to reserve for?
I would like it for the same day.
You are all set, the reference number is DK9Z8HY4, can I help with anything else?
Thank you, but no. That is everything. Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Can you help me find a train for Friday?
There are 404 entries for trains departing on Friday. Where will you be headed?
i'm headed to cambridge
Ok, we've narrowed it down to 202 trains, where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from the stansted airport, and any time after 8:00 is fine. Can you tell me how much that will cost?
The cost will be 10.10 pounds. The TR1756 train leaves Stansted Airport for Cambridge at 8:24. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, that would be great. I am also looking for any parks in the north side of the city, do you know any?
Yes indeed, there is milton country park. What would you like to know about it?
Can you provide me with the phone number, address and postcode please?
Milton Country Park's phone number is 01223420060, its post code is	cb46az and its address is milton country park, milton. Anything else I can help you with?
Great that is all the information I need, thank you.
I'm glad I could be of assistance, have a good day!
I am trying to find the Parkside Pools.
Parkside pools is located in the centre of town gonville place. Phone number is 01223446100. Is there anything else i can help you with?
Can you give me the full address of Parkside pools as well as the zip code?
The address of parkside pools is cb11ly and the zip code is gonville place. Can I help you with anything else? 
That's all for now. Thanks a bunch!
Great! Have a great day.
I need a place to stay in the north
Ok im seeing alot of choices in hotels is there anything else you need in the hotel that would help narrow it down 
I'd really like to stay in a guesthouse. I heard the ones in Cambridge are very nice.
How about the Acorn Guesthouse? It is rated 4 stars and is in the moderate price range.
Is it in the north? And do they have free parking?
It is indeed in the north and offers both free parking and free wifi.
Do they have a room available for 5 people starting Tuesday? We will need it for 5 nights.
Alright, I got you booked. Your reference number is: DVD9MH3R. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes.  I need to travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street on Sunday.  Can you help me find a train?
There are no trains available on sunday leaving cambridge and arriving in london liverpool street.  Can you travel on a different day?
Not really. Can you check again? I need to get to London Liverpool Street by 19:00.
I just checked again. Unfortunately there are no trains available. Any other arrangements I can make for you? 
What would be the next available if not on Sunday?
I did find a train for Sunday. TR0189 departs at 15:59 and arrives by 17:27. Would that work for you? 
TR0189 departs Cambridge going to London Liverpool Street?
Yes, it does, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please.  I need 5 tickets. 
 Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8GVKNM9J.
Thank you, goodbye!
Enjoy your stay, good bye!
I'm planning your trip in Cambridge.i'm looking for a place to dine in the east with chinese food 
How about yu garden?
That sounds good! I would like to make a reservation for 2 at 13:15 on friday.
Yes I have made that for you and your reservation number is YWN5SM9V.
Awesome!  Thank you, could you give me their address?
The address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Recommendations for guesthouses to stay without free parking?
How about archway house? I hear it's lovely.
I can try it, can you book it for me?
I would be happy to. Let me get some additional information.  When would you like to check in?
Actually, I don't need a booking. Thanks, good bye.
It was a pleasure to help you today. Goodbye. 
I'd like something fun to do while I'm in Cambridge.
There are many different attractions in town.  Did you have a certain type of activity in mind?
I'm looking for some entertainment in the south part of town.
You have a choice of Nusha or Tenpin.
get me their post code and phone number.
Okay, Nusha's post code is cb17dy and the phone number is 01223902158. Tenpin's postcode is cb17dy and phone number is 	08715501010. 
Thanks. Can you help me find a cheap place to stay for the night?
sure, i have 10 options for you!
I need it to be in the west and I would prefer a hotel. 
The Cambridge Belfry is located in the West is cheap, and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book that for you?
Does it have free parking ?
Yes it does! Do you want me to book now? 
Can you just tell me the address please?
It's located at Back Lane, Cambourne.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Please! Can you help me book a taxi to Nusha? I'd like to leave the hotel by 14:30 to make sure I get to Nusha too early to enjoy myself. 
 Booking completed! Booked car type	:	white lexus Contact number	:	07607123789
Thanks for all your help!
You're welcome. Have a great trip.
thanks and great day
you too have a great day
I need to book a room at alexander bed and breakfast and also what restaurants are near there ?
Let first take care of your room reservation. What days would you like to book your room?  I will check for availability.
Could I please get the address, hotel type, and phone number first?
It is located at 56 saint barnabas road, it is a guesthouse, and the phone number is 01223525725.
Great ty so much. I was wondering if you can help me find a place to eat that serves Italian in the north?
There is one place, shall I book it for you?
Is that restaurant in the cheap price range?
Yes, it is Da Vinci Pizzeria and is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Is there anything else you need?
i  need to book for 1 people at 13:45 on sunday. remember the reference number please 
I have your table reserved. Your reservation number is QYB6YHUQ. 
Thank you, goodbye. 
Was there anything else you needed today?
I'm looking for interesting museums in the centre of Cambridge, can you recommend me any?
I recommend the museum of archaelogy and anthropology 
That sounds great! Can I have their address?
They are located at university of cambridge, downing street and there is no entrance fee. Would you like their phone number as well?
Not right now, but thanks. I do need a train to cambridge that leaves after 18:30, though.
Sure thing. Where will you be travelling from and on what day?
I will be departing from Stevanage on Tuesday.
Great! Train TR6913 leaves at 19:54 and arrives by 20:43, with a price of 12.80 pounds. Would that work for you?
Yes, it sounds great.  Can you book 8 seats for me please?
Your booking was on TR6914 not TR6913. Your reference number is 4L2BQ9VA. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
I am looking for a place to go visit in the centre of town.
I recommend all saints church. It is an attraction in the Centre of town.
Great can I get the entrance fee, address, and phone number please?
All Saints Church is located on Jesus Lane. It is free to visit. The postcode is cb58bs. And their phone number is 01223452587. Did you need more information?
Thank you I also need a place to stay that has a 4 star rating and is in the cheap price range.
There are 8 hotels that fit your criteria. Is there an area of town that you prefer? 
Yes, I would to stay in a guest house in Cambridge.
Ok. There are seven guesthouses that fit those criteria.  Do you want to stay in  a certain part of town?
If possible, I would like to stay in the centre close to Saints Church.
Sure, we have alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse in the town centre. Can I book a room for you?
Okay, go ahead and book it for just me for 4 nights starting Thursday. Can I get a reference number please?
May I ask how many will be staying at the alexander bed and breakfast?
I will be the only one staying.
I have confirmed your booking at alexander bed and breakfast starting Thursday for 4 nights. Your reference number is 9B75WFME.  Do you need any further assistance?
Actually, I think that was everything I need. Thanks so much. Have a good day. 
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Can I get the address to the hospital in Cambridge?
Unfortunately, I do not have that information. Is there something else I can help you with? 
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
Is there a specific area and cuisine you are looking for?
I'd like an expensive Italian restaurant in the centre. 
We have several.  Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, please find me an expensive one in the center.
I recommend Caffe Uno. Would you like more information about it?
Yes please. Specifically, their phone number, address, and postcode.
Yes, their address is 32 Bridge Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223448620. 
What is their postcode, please?
Their postcode is cb21uj. May I help you with anything else?
I also need a hotel that has free parking and wifi.
There are 8 options. Do you care about area or price range?
Yes, please. I'm looking for a more upscale, expensive hotel.
I have several available. Do you have a star preference? 
I don't care about the star rating. Can you just make sure it is a hotel. I don't want a B&B.
Okay, I recommend gonville hotel. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you book a room there for 5 people, 5 nights? We'll arrive on Tuesday.
I have booked that for you. The reservation number is 7HCS66LY. May I help with something else?
No that is all I need for today.
Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Hi. I need a train out of cambridge.
There are several trains out of Cambridge but i need to know your destination and preferred day and time of departure.
My destination is birmingham new street and I need to leave after 9:00.
On what day will you be travelling?
I will be leaving on Thursday. 
I have a train leaving at 9:01 on thursday. Would you like to book that?
Yes please book that for 1 person.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is ZYKE5A4L. Do you need anything else?
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
There are many expensive restaurants in the centre of town, is there a specific type of food you would like?
Is there any Turkish cuisine? If so I need the postcode and the address.
The Meze Bar restaurant matches your tastes. It is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre. The postcode is cb13nf.
I am also looking for museums in the area.
There are many museums listed in the centre area, what kind of museum are you interested in?
I don't really care, what do you recommend?  I will need the postcode and entrance fee please.
How about Cambridge Contemporary Art? The entrance is free and the postcode is cb21su. Enjoy!
Thank you. I would also like a taxi to commute between the two places.
Certainly. When would you like your taxi to depart? 
I need to arrive at Cambridge Contemporary Art by 19:15 please.
No problem.  Your taxi has been reserved.  Your driver's contact number is 07035811281 and will be driving a grey toyota. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that will be all, thank you!
Okay, have a nice day.
I need to make a reservation at a hotel called El Shaddai
Sure, could you tell me when you what day you would like to book your stay at the El Shaddai at 41 Warkworth Street?
Just gathering information about the hotel first. Could you tell me what area of the city they're in, the price, and if they have internet connectivity?
Sure! They're in the Centre area. They're cheap and offer internet connectivity.
Great, I would like to book that hotel, please.
From what day do you want to book?
Actually I think I'll travel there myself thank you. 
Is there anything else I can do for you today, then?
That's all, thank you so much.
Okay do give us a call back if you need anything else.
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. What is the phone number?
golden wok is in the moderate price range and is in the north area of town. 
Is there anything else in the expensive range in the north area of town?
Yes, there is an expensive French restaurant called restaurant two two .
What is the phone number of that one please?
the phone number of it is 01223 351880.
What is the phone number?
Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223 351880. How else may I assist you?
That is all. Thank you. 
My pleasure.  Goodbye.
I'd like to find out more about taking a tour of Trinity College.
I do not have information about tours, would you like the phone number for Trinity College?
Actually, can you tell me what type of attraction it is?  My friend suggested it and mentioned the name, but not much else.
It is a college located on trinity street. The entrance fee is 1 pound. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'd like to find a restaurant in the centre of town.
Of course. There are many restaurants in the area. Is there a food type you're interested in?
I would chinese please.
Is there a price range you'd like to stay in?
Yeah, I'd like a moderately priced restaurant. And type of food doesn't actually matter. Just somewhere moderately priced in the centre of town.
May I suggest Jingling Noodle Bar, they have excellent food moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
That would be great. Can I have the phone number please?
their phone number is 01223566188. 
Great!  Thanks.  I also need a taxi to take me between the two.  I want to leave the restaurant by 08:30
I would be happy to do get a taxi for you. I need the departure location, destination location and the time of travel.
I would like to leave the restaurant by 8:30.
Your cab will pick you up at 08:30 at Jingling Noodle bar to take you to Trinity College. Expect a yellow ford. The contact number is 07741212724.
Perfect, thank you for all your help.
Do you need help arranging transportation or lodging at this time?
No, thank you. I've got everything I need right now. 
You're welcome, glad I could help.
Am looking for hospital in town it should have the trauma high dependency unit department. 
Addenbrokes Hospital has a trauma high dependency unit department.  The contact number is 01223216305.
Great, thank you for the help.
Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you.
You are most welcome!
Yes hello! I'm looking for a train leaving on tuesday from norwich to cambridge.
There are a total of 133 trains traveling from Norwich to Cambridge. Is there a particular day that you would like to travel on?
I will travel on Tuesday to Cambridge from Norwich, and I need to arrive by 19:15.
Perfect. Did you have a departure time in mind? You could leave norwich as early as 05:16 or as late as 17:16 and still make it on time.
Earlier in the day is safer, thanks.  I just need 1 ticket on the earliest ride.
I booked TR3932, reference number is FIW5ABO2.
Thank you, I'm also looking for place to go in town, specifically the south. What kinds of things are there to do?
There are many attractions in that area. Would you prefer a museum, nightclub, cinema, theatre or park?
I would like a museum can I have the phone number and entrance fee?
The Byard Art Museum has no entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223464646. Anything else I can help with?
That's all I need. Thanks.
You're welcome! Please contact us in the future if you need any other information. Have a great day!
Can you tell me about any expensive places to dine in the east side?
There are several.  Is there a certain type of food you would like to have?
I would like to go to a Tuscan restaurant, please.
Unfortunately, there are not any Tuscan restaurants in town at all.  Is there another type of cuisine you would enjoy? Perhaps maybe Italian?
Are there any expensive restaurants in the east that serve gastropub food?
Royal standard is available, would you like to try them?
Yes, could you book a table for 4 people at 14:45 on sunday?
I was able to do that. Your reference number is 1CYX3L33.
Great! Let me ask my wife if there was anything else she was curious about.
OK, I'll be here!
I'm sorry, I lied about having a wife. I just need to know if there are any trains to stevenage available on monday.
Where are you leaving from?
The train should arrive by 15:30 and should depart from cambridge. Sorry still no wife.
What about your wife? Does she need a ticket?
No. I just need the train ID and departure time, please.
The TR1898 meets your criteria. The departure time is 13:21. The duration of the trip is 49 minutes. 
I need that information emailed or faxed to me, please.
Unfortunately, we do not have that capability. If we do a booking for you, we can provide you with a reference number though. 
I think that is all the info I will need. 
I do not have a fax machine. 
It's fine. I'm over needing a fax machine. I think I've got everything I need.
Great.  I hope you and your wife have a great trip.
Yes, I need a hotel that offers free wifi & parking.
There are 8 to choose from with your preference. Is there a certain area or price range you'd prefer?
I need one in the moderate price range and a guesthouse would be great.
I have 12 results here. Do you prefer one with a certain number of stars or in a certain area? 
Not really. Is there one you would recommend for someone who was never been to Cambridge before?
I think acorn guest house would be perfect. Would you like more information?
No, I would like you to book 3 people for 3 nights starting on friday.
Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is IGONQKG9. Would you like anything else?
whats the entrance fee and post code.? 
cb41da is the postcode 
am looking for a train. The train should leave on monday and should depart from cambridge.
There are many trains available.  Do you have a specific day or time in mind? 
I would like to travel on Monday after 12:00. 
What is your destination?
I want to go to leicester.
The next train after 12:00 leaves at 12:21. Would you like to purchase tickets for that train or is there anything else I can help you with?
I'd just like the travel time and train ID for that one please.
12:21 and time is 105 minutes. May I hemp with anything else ?
Yes, can you please tell me the train ID that departs at 12:21? 
My apologies, the ID is TR4096 and the duration is 105 minutes. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
That is all for now. Thank you so much for the information.
You're quite welcome. Have a safe trip. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant. Can you help?
Sure, what kind of food were you interested in?
I don't have a preference. Just need it to be cheap and in the south.
Nandos is my favorite. Cheap but excellent Portuguese place. Would you like a table there?
please get me their address.
Sure, it's Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way cb17dy.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a place to stay, a guesthouse please. 
I will be happy to help with that, is there a certain area you were looking to stay at?
I'm looking for something in Cambridge, probably in the south as well, but it's not necessary. 
bridge guest house has a 3 star rating and is at 151 hills road
Is Bridge Guest House in the south? If so, I will also need a taxi to take me from the restaurant to the guesthouse.
Yes bridge guesthouse is in the south. Sure when would you like to leave the restaurant?
What is the star of that hotel? The address, including area of town too. 
It is rated 3 stars and is in the south and its address is 151 Hills Road.
Great, thanks.  Can you also help me get a taxi from the restaurant?
sure, when would you like arrive by?
Thanks! I don't care, I just want to leave at 06:45, please.
Alright ive booked you a red volkswagen from nanfos to the bridge guesthouse that leaves at 06:45. their contact number is 07562063340. Anything else I can do to help?
Thanks that's all I need. 
OKay, I am glad I could assist. 
Thanks again, goodbye. 
you are welcome to Cambridge
I need help booking a train.  Can you help me?
I would be happy to help.  What day will you be travelling and from which station?
I would like to leave on Saturday from Liecester and arrive by 18:30.
I'm sorry, there are no trains leaving Liecester on Saturday. 
I need a train to go from Leicester to Cambridge. This will be on Satruday. Please, look again. 
Yes sorry there are some here but the earliest time I have leaving is at 19:09. 
Yes, please give me the train id for one. 
Sure, TR5790 is the train leaving at 19:09.
I'm also looking for an attraction in the Centre, what do you recommend?
what type of attraction do you want?
I don't know, let's say a museum. I need the address too.
castle galleries is quite nice, they are at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews st. Free admission too
Free is the right price tag for me. I appreciate all your help, that's it for today. Have a great day!
Glad I could help, have a great day.
You too and thank you for your help.  I;m looking forward to a nice day. 
That's wonderful! Bye for now!
Where is the closest police station located?
The closest police station is located at Parkside, Cambridge. 
Could I have the postcode please?
The postcode is CB11JG.
Thank you so much for all of your help.
Take their phone number just in case: 01223358966. Anything else?
Thanks that is all. Goodbye.
Have a nice day, farewell. 
What can you tell me about cheap restaurants on the west side of town?
There's two: la margherita, a Italian place, and thanh binh, which serves vietnamese food. Can I provide you more information?
Can I get the postcode of that?
The post code for La Margherita and Thanh binh is cb30af. Would you like a reservation at one of these great restaurants? 
The Italian place would be great.
How many people will be with you?
4 people acan you book it for me ?
Can I also get what time and what day you would like the reservation for?
I'm sorry I don't need a reservation for the restaurant. I do need help finding a place to stay in the same area though.
What are your other requirements? 
Find me one near that Italian Place, it should be in the same price range.
Finches bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse on the west side of town. Should I reserve you any rooms?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it booked for Saturday, 4 nights, and 8 people. Can I have the reference number please?
Your room is booked, ref #1DCW8JZN. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes. I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the west. Could you please find me one?
It looks like you're already booked at a hotel. Would you like help with something else?
You're right, I'm sorry. I actually have all that I need from you at this time. Have a good day!
You're welcome, have a great day!
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range in the cente. 
Sure. I have 5. How about the rice house? They serve chinese. Or dojo noodle bar, the serve asian?
Lets try rice house. 
Sure thing! Their address is 88 Mill Road City Centre, would you like me to book you a table now?
Actually can you check for a place that serves Vietnamese food?
There are no vietnamese restaurants in my system, I'm sorry.
No problem. How about indian food?
There are 5 indian restaurants. The curry garden is in the expensive price range and is in the centre of town.
Please book for 8 people. Friday at 18:45. Reference number, please.
Your booking was successful and your reference number is UQ9QFHX2. May I assist you with anything else today?
I also need a train to bishop's stortford. 
Sure thing. There are lots to choose from. Can you tell me more about your departure location and preferred day and time of travel?
Yes, I would prefer train and would like to arrive by 09:45 on saturday.
I found two trains for those specifications, will it be the same 8 people with you?
Yes it sure will, what are the times you've got on those two?
The first will leave at 5:29 and arrive at 6:07. The second leaves at 7:29 and arrives at 8:07.
I would like to book the train arriving at 8:07 for 8 people. Can you do that? I will need the reference number.
There is a train leaving cambridge on Saturday at 07:29. Would that work for you? 
Yes that would work, please book for my party.
Eight people are booked. The reference number is 1G47DQTH. Your train ID is TR3062. The total fee is 64.64 GBP. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you so much, that should be it!
Thank you and enjoy your visit.
I am looking for a nightclub in the town centre.
There are five nightclubs I can show you. How about the Ballare at lion yard?
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is for Ballare? I also need the address.
address is heidelberg gardens, lion yard.  entrance fee is 5 pounds
Thanks for the info. Can you also tell me if there are any trains on Saturday that leave after 11:15?
Yes, there are trains that leave after 11:15.
Thanks, Are there trains that depart from Cambridge?
Certainly, there are 134, do you have an arrival time in mind?
No, but I need to leave after 11:15.
To help narrow it down, what is your destination and what day will you be leaving?
I am going to stansted airport and need to leave on Saturday. 
TR3373 meets your criteria and arrives by 12:08. Would you like to book it?
Yes I need to book for 8 people and get the reference number please.
Great the reference number is 7LIC35YA.
Thank you! That's all I need today. I appreciate your help!
You are quite welcome! Have a safe flight!
I am looking for a train. The train should arrive by 21:00 and should leave on sunday
okay, where are you departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge.
Where are you heading to from Cambridge?
I'm trying to get to Broxbourne.
Train TR8736 leaves at 5:01 and arrives at 6:01.
Perfect. please book it for 3 people. 
I have it booked the reference number is IYHXK218 and the price is 42.96 GBP.
Great, thanks for your help.
Absolutely, have a great day!
I need to take a train here on Friday, I will be coming from Leicester.
Train TR3190 Leicester to Cambridge leaves Friday at 6:09. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is there one that leaves after 10:00?
Yes, the TR8659 leaves at 10:09. 
THanks, please book it for 8 people. I'll need to reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IOJTYL4C. Can I help you with anything else?
i am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.
What are you interested in? There's architecture, colleges, cinemas, etc. 
It doesn't really matter, as long as it is in the centre. I will just need the address, postcode, and phone number.
May I recommend the primavera museum in the centre of town located at 10 king s parade in post code cb21sj. Their phone number is 01223357708
That's perfect! Thank you for your help!
Of course.  No problem.  Can we help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today. Thank you for your help. Goodbye
Thank you for using our service today. 
I am looking for a train departing from Bishops Stortford.
There are 70 trains departing from that location, would you like to narrow it down some?
I am looking to go to cambridge on thursday.
I have 10 available trains. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave on Thursday and get there by 9:15, is that OK?
Yes. There are two available trains. One leaves at 5:29 and arrives by 6:07 and the other leaves by 7:29 and arrives by 8:07. Which would you prefer?
I'd like the later one, please. I'll need 8 tickets.
Sure, we have one other option TR1242 leaves at 07:29 and arrives at 08:07. For 8 people your reference number is : 6A76VGSK.
Okay great! Thanks for all your help.
It's my pleasure. Goodbye!
I'm trying to find a train that departs from London Kings Cross on Thursday. Can you help me book a ticket? 
Sure, are you coming to Cambridge? What time would you like to depart?
Any time that lets me arrive by 08:45.
The TR4016 from london kings cross to	cambridge, traveling on thursday, leaves at 07:17 and arrives at 8:08. Should I book it for you?
Yes can you please book that for 8 people and give me the reference number?
great, I was able to get your tickets. Reference number is FCRRA5HL and the tickets, 188.8 GBP are payable at the station, anything else?
Yes, have you heard of a restaurant called Curry King?
Yes, Curry King is an Indian restaurant in the centre. What more information would you like?
Can you book be there for 8 people at 18:30 on thursday?
I have your table reserved. The reference number is ZTVSJGBZ. 
Thank you for reserving that for me. That's all I need today. 
You're very welcome. Have a lovely day.
I would like to find out information about a hotel called Warkworth House.
Warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area.  It is moderate pricing with 4 stars.  It offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please. It'll be for 4 nights.
I will go ahead and book your room.
Thank you.  Can I get a reference number for the booking? 
In order to book, can you tell me the number of guests, number of nights and the day of the week you want to start your stay?
I need to book it to 2 people for 4 nights starting from wednesday. 
Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is HZ6B38TH.
I'm also looking for a train. I'll be traveling back to Broxbourne on Friday.
Will you be leaving from Cambridge. 
yes i will  be leaving from Cambridge. 
What time would you like to leave around? 
I would like to leave after 10:30. 
TR7372 leaves Cambridge at 11:01 and arrives at broxbourne by 12:01, would that train work for you? 
Yes that will work. I need to book it for 2 people.
i have booked that for you. your reference number is xhrx4ig7. 
Can you find me a expensive cafe to eat at once i get off the train?
What type of food would you like?
I actually don't need a place to eat. Thank you, that is all.
To be clear do you need me to fine you a place to eat?
That is helpful.Thanks
I'm confused. Should I look for a restaurant?
No, I'm sorry. That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Thank you for using this service good bye
I'm looking for a place to stay on the east side.
I found seven results! What price range are you looking for? 
I am looking in the lower range.
Sure, I have 3 guesthouses that might work for you. They're all 4 stars with free wifi and parking. Does that sound good?
A place on the east side with 4 stars and free wifi sounds perfect! Can I get the address, price range and postcode for one of those?
Sure.  There's the Allenbell located at 517A Coldham Lane CB13JS.  The number there is 01223210353.  Anything else?
Thank you. What is the price range?
The Allenbell is cheap.  Anything else?
No, that's it.  Thanks!
Thank you! Goodbye!
Hi I need a taxi to jesus green outdoor pool, but I can't leave until after 18:30. Can you help?
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I will be leaving from the Fitzbillies restaurant. 
I have confirmed your taxi, a blue tesla will be picking you up at 18:30.
Awesome. Can I have the contact number?
Of course. The contact number is 07613765039.
That's marvelous. Thanks so much. Goodbye for now.
I need  a taxi to take me from fitzbillies restaurant  to Jesus green outdoor pool at 18:30.Thanks
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called prezzo
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west. Their phone number is 01799521260. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please, 4 people at 11:00 on Friday. Can you please provide me with the reference number?
You booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WYZGXOVQ.
thank you for helping me book a table for 4 at prezzo and providing the reference number
You are more than welcome!
I can't seem to find any information about the cambridge and county folk museum, please help.
sure their phone number is 01223355159. anything else you'd like to know?
Can I get the address and what type of attraction it is?
2-3 castle street and its a museum,
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a train. I need to depart from Cambridge after 17:30. 
Okay, what day would you like to travel?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday and going to Peterborough. 
TR9561 departs at 17:34. Does that work for you?
yeah can you get me a ticket?
Booking was successful, reference number is 5OUM8ZE9. The fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with a restaurant maybe?
No.  That's it for now. Thanks!
You're welcome.  Have a nice stay in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
Hi, I'd like information on a particular hotel called the Kirkwood House. 
It's a guesthouse in the north. It's moderately priced. Do you want me to book it? 
Yes, please. I'll be traveling alone, arriving on Monday, and I need to stay for 5 nights.
Okay, so you would like the reservation for 6 days and five nights?
Yes, 5 nights starting Monday.
Okay I have booked you for 5 nights and your reservation number is 3A42D73D.
I also need a train that arrives by 17:45 on monday. Departing from stevenage and arriving in cambridge
ok, the TR5825 arrives at 16:43. would you like a ticket?
Yes, I need 1 ticket and can you give me a reference number?
Sure. Your booking was successful. The total fee is 12.8 GBP and your reference number is WDEYBN55. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed help with.
Enjoy your trip!  Bye!
Hi, I'm trying to find a moderate place to eat in the east. Can you help?
I've found a place called curry prince that fits that. Would you like me to place a reservation for you?
Actually I'm more interested in middle Eastern foods.
I have no listings for middle east food, another type maybe?
I think then that Indian place sounds nice, thank you.
Can you tell me the day and time you'd like to eat, and how many people I should book the table for?
Yes. I'll be needing a table for 8 on Sunday at 12:15.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : APWDPYEL.
Thank you I will take it.
You're welcome. Do you need anything else?
I'm actually also looking for a place to stay. I would like it to be 2 stars and have free wifi. 
I have 3 hotels matching your request in the north and east and in the expensive and moderate price range.  What part of town and price range would you prefer?
If it narrows it down, can I also have free parking as well?
I have 2 hotels in the moderate price range and one in the expensive price range.  Which would you like information on?
I'll go with the expensive one. Can you book me a room for 8 people, 2 nights on Sunday please? 
Booking was successful.   Reference number is : RR4TKJIH.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'll also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant.
I would love to do that for you! I just want to confirm you want to arrive at the restaurant at 12:15, correct?
Yes, by 12:15 at the latest.
Alright, I have a yellow Lexus to pick you up from express by holiday inn cambridge and take you to curry prince. It's contact number is 07943663026. Anything else?
That is everything I needed. Thank you for your help!
thank you, enjoy your time
Hi there. I have heard lots of good things about a restaurant called Rajmahal. Can you tell me anything about it? 
It's an indian restaurant located in the east. They are moderately priced. Would you like to make a reservation?
Nope but can I get the postcode for that?
Certainly. They're located in postcode cb58rg. Do you need assistance with anything else today?
Yes I would like some information on the Cambrige artworks.
The Cambridge Artworks is located at 5 Greens Road, postal code cb13ef and the phone number is 01223902168.  Admission is free.
Thank you for the information. Good bye!
You are very welcome. I hope you have a wonderful day! Good bye.
Ok, hope you have a good day too. Bye.
If you need anything in the future don't hesitate to call.
I need a train departing Cambridge arriving by 2030.
Which station are you traveling to, and on which day?
I need to go to Kings lynn on Wednesday and need to arrive before 20:30.
There are 5 trains. Would you like to leave at 5:11?
Sure. I'd like to book tickets for 6 people, and I'll need a reference number for the booking.
Booking was successful for TR5159, the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8F17UYO3.
Thank you I am also looking for a park to visit in town
I have 5 terrific parks.  Do you have a preference of location?  Do you mind an entry fee?
Not really, but I would need the postcode of the park please.
Sure thing. There are several parks in town. Any particular area you would prefer?
No just a park. Which would you suggest?
I'd suggest Milton Country Park it has free entrance.
Please send me what other information you have about Milton Country Park.
It's located in the north part of town, the phone number there is 01223420060, the address is just Milton Country Park, Milton, the postcode is cb46az.
Great, thank you very much! That's all I needed so you just have yourself a great day now!
I am glad we could assist you. Thank you for using our service.
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. 
The nirala is located in the north part of town and in the moderate price range.
What kind of food is that?  Also what is the address and phone number?
Indian food.  The address is 7 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 360966.  Is there anything else I can help you find?
Thank you that is all.
Your welcome. Goodbye.
I need a hotel on the north side.
There are two options, ashley hotel and lovell lodge, do you want more info or a booking?
Can you tell me the star rating and do they include free parking?
They both offer free parking, free wifi, and are rated two stars.
Please pick one. I need the price range postcode and address please. 
Ashley hotel  is in the moderate price range. Their postcode is cb41er and their address is 74 chesterton road
Can I get the phone number as well please?
The phone number for Ashley Hotel is 01223350059. Can I help you with something else? 
Yes, I'd like to find an expensive European restaurant for our anniversary celebration.
I have 5 restaurants that fit your description? What area of town would you like the restaurant to be on? Centre, North, or West.
Area does not matter, I just need expensive please. 
I suggest that you try City Stop Restaurant. It is an expensive European restaurant in the north part of town. Would you like to book a table?
I've never been there before. Sounds like what I am looking for. Can you make a reservation on Tuesday for 4 at 14:30?
Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is 26GA35EY.
Thank you! That will  be all for today!
Okay fantastic, have a nice day!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that is in the east part of town.
Curry prince is a moderately priced restaurant serving indian food and located in the east part of town.
Can you give me the address and phone number?
Their address is 451 newmarket road fen ditton and their phone number is 01223 566388
Wonderful. Thank you for your help. 
Thank you for using our system!  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a particular attraction, could you assist?
I would be happy to find the attraction. What is the name of the attraction? 
Do you have information on Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds?
Yes, I have the cherry hinton hall and grounds located in the east area. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, please. Could you give me the address and the entrance fee?
The address is cherry hinton road but it does not show if there is an entrance fee. May I help with anything else today?
I'd like to find a restaurant that serves modern European food in the moderate price range.
I have 3 restaurants matching your request, 2 in the center and on in the south.  What area do you prefer?
I would like to be in the south.
I suggest restaurant alimentum, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
 book a table for 7 people at 11:30 on monday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AO05KJX4.
Ok, thanks, that's all I need.
You're welcome, have a great day.
Thanks again 
Goodbye, enjoy your stay.
I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the centre of town.
Unfortunately, I was unable to find something in entertainment in the centre of town. Can I help you in finding something in a different area or category?
Could you tell me about the types of museums in the Centre?
There are 11 museums in the centre, all of which are free. There are art galleries, an archaeology museum, and a history of science museum.
The History of Science Museum sounds interesting.  Could you please send me the phone number and address?
Their phone number is: 01223330906. Their address is: free school lane. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm also like to get away from it all and stay at a place in the centre with no internet.
I'm sorry, there is nothing in the centre without internet.  Would you like to try the North side of town perhaps?
No. I would like to stay in the same area as the attraction. It doesn't have to have internet but it does need to be expensive and with 3 stars.
Then the Gonville Hotel is the place for you. Would you like a room reserved for you?
Yes, if you could do that.
How many nights and starting when?
4 nights starting Friday for just myself.  If you could book that and provide me a reference number that would be great!
Okay, your room is reserved. The reference number is 7OB0YMGO. What else can I help you with? 
Please book me a taxi leaving the History of Science Museum back to the Gonville Hotel.  I need to leave the museum by 17:45.
Of course. A blue Volvo will be picking you up at the Museum. The contact number is 07883239708. Will there be anything further?
No, you have been very helpful. Goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in the north please.
There are 13 places to stay in the north. Do you have any other criteria?
I don't want to have to pay for parking.
I have 5 different gueshouses listed. For what day and for how many please?
For 3 people starting on Wednesday and staying 2 nights.
There are 11 hotels available actually. Would you like to narrow it to a specific price range or star rating? 
Just a guesthouse in the north with free parking. I'll need a reference number then too please.
I was able to get you in at Archway House. Your reference number is WUMUZ0JX. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need today. Thanks! Bye!
Thank you for using our system!
Are there any restaurants in the centre that offer Austrian cuisine?
I am sorry, I have not found any Austrian restaurants in the area. Would you like to look for a different cuisine?
No, thank you.
Will that be all for today?
No how about trying to look for Chinese food?
There are 17 options for chinese, anything i can do to narrow that down for you?
I would like one that is moderately priced.
There are three Chinese places in the centre with a moderate price range. May I suggest The Jinling Noodle Bar?
That sounds great. Can you make a reservation for Thursday for 8 guests at 16:45 please?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is BVTK5H3X. Do you need assistance with anything else?
Great, thanks! And yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay, also located in the centre and with free wifi.
Is there a certain price range or rating you would like? Or would you like me to make a recommendation?
No particular price range.  Yes, I would appreciate a recommendation.
How about the gonville hotel? It has free wifi and parking.  
That would be fine please book that for 4 nights on the same day and for the same people.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : MP576WVK.
Thank you for all your help. 
Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have been most helpful with the restaurant and lodging. Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant that is in the moderate price range and in the west part of town.
Do you have a particular food type in mind today?
any type of food will be fine as long as it is moderately priced and in the west part of town. 
Meghna is an Indian restaurant in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Great, can I please have their address and postcode?
Meghna is at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, and the postal code is  C.B 4, 3 L.F.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you good bye.
thank you good bye.
I'm looking for a type of boat in the east.
There is camboats in the east.  Their phone number is 01223902112 and they are located at the plough, green end, fen ditton, post code cb58sx.  Anything else?
IS there a high end restaurant that serves british cuisine in the same area?
you are lucky! there is only one restaurant called grafton hotel restaurant that serves expensive british in the east. Do you need my help to reserve it?
no not at the moment. But i do need their phone number though.
No problem. Their number is 01223241387. Is there anything else I can help with you?
Can you also book me a taxi to commute between the two places?
Sure thing. What is your destination and when do you want to leave?
I want to leave the restaurant by 2:00. The destination would be the camboats.
You're all set. A blue audi is picking you up and their contact number is 07384256413.
Hi, can you recommend me a good Asian restaurant? Something not too expensive?
There are two cheap asian restaurants in the centre of town. Would like information for either of those?
Hmm, I don't want to scrape the bottom of the barrel. Maybe something moderate but not too cheap.
The Yippee Noodle Bar would be perfect.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book for 4 people on Sunday at 11:45.
I'm sorry they aren't available at that time, would you like me to find something else?
How about a different restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced?
I have booked you at the Oak Bistro for 4 people on sunday at 11:45, your reference number is 2CG1XX8Q.  Is there anytihng else that I can assist with?
Nope, that will do it, thanks!
We hope that you have a great time at the Bistro.
Thanks. Good bye.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day.
I was wondering if you had any colleges I could visit during my stay?
I have 18, what area would you prefer?
I have no preference besides colleges. Please recommend one.
My favorite is Saint Catharine's College. It is in city centre, and they are free to enter.
That sounds great. Can I get their phone number please? 
Saint Catharine's college's phone number is 01223338300. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking and moderate prices.
Okay, there are several of those it looks like, are you also wanting to stay in the centre as well? 
No need, but I'd like a hotel, not a guesthouse, that's in the 4 star range.
I do not have any listings for 4-star hotels with free parking. Perhaps you would like to try a different star rating?
How about a hotel that is the expensive price range?
huntingdon marriott hotel is found in kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon	
book for 2 people 3 nights from tuesday. i also want to book a taxi to leave the hotel by 13:30. get contact number and car type
That booking was not successful.  Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
How about for 2 nights
I was able to book your reservation for 2 days.
Okay, may I get a reference number please?
I apologize it looks like there was a booking error. The huntingdon does not have availability. Would you like to try another hotel or length of stay?
Please try it for 2 nights.
Actually, there might have been an error int he system before.  I booked the Huntington Marriott Hotel for 2 people, 3 nights, starting on Tuesday. Reference number is J4Z0CZ41.
Excellent! I also need a taxi to go between the places. I want to leave the hotel by 13:30. 
I booked a grey Skoda to pick you up.  The contact number for the taxi is 07491898705.
Awesome!  That's all I need.  Thanks for your help. 
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
What is the address to the Ashley hotel?
The Ashley Hotel is at 74 Chesterton Road, and their postcode is cb41er. Would you like to book a room or are you just looking for information right now?
I am just looking for information. What kind of hotel? Hotel or guest house? 
They are a hotel. Do you need their phone number?
No I don't need it, thanks for asking.  However I also am interested in an attraction known as cambridge artworks.  Can you provide their address & contact info?
Sure Cambridge Artworks is located at 5 greens road phone number is 01223902168. Can I help you with anything else?
What is the postcode?
The post code is cb13ef. Can I further assist you?
I also need a taxi to go between the two places.
Do you have a specific arrival or departure time?
I want to leave the hotel by 24:00 please. 
Your taxi is booked. It will be a red volvo, contact number 07468930777. Would you like some information for restaurants in the area?
Thank you for the booking and contact number. That will be all for now.
Thank you for calling. Have a great trip! Goodbye.
Can you check if there are any moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town?
Yes, there are several. Do you prefer Asian or British food?
i will do modern european food
Okay we have the de luca cucina and bar and the riverside brasserie. Which one would you like?
Let's do the riverside brasserie. What about a table for 3 at 15:00 on Saturday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TYDEG9IJ.
Great I also need a train that should depart cambridge and head to ely.
Sure, what day do you want to travel?
I would like to leave on a Sunday.
Do you have a preferred time frame ?
I want to arrive by 11:15.
TR3177 will arrive by 10:07 and leaves at 09:50 would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Include the reference number please
You are set, the total fee is 3.52 GBP payable at the station, your Reference number is WVJC995L.  May I help with anything else?
No that is all. Thank you. Goodbye
Ok. Thank you. Goodbye.
Yes I'd like to find a hotel with free parking and 5 star rating.
I'm sorry I can't located anything with that criteria.
Can you try it in a different area please?
I apologize but I don't recall you mentioning an area you preferred. Can you tell me what area and I will search again for you? 
I don't have a preference, but I guess we could stay in a four star hotel with free parking if we absolutely had to. 
We have plenty of those! Surprisingly, the 4-star places we have range in price from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I'm actually looking for a 5 star place. Any available?
No, I can't find anything with 5 stars, do you want to try something else? 
Sure, let's try a 4 star hotel.
acorn guest house	is found in the  north 154 chesterton road	
I would actually like a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.
How about the University Arms Hotel in the centre of town? Does that sound nice? I can book you a room if you'd like.
Is the University Arms a 4 star hotel?
Correct, it is a 4-star hotel in the centre area. Would you like to book it?
Please book it for 8 people starting Monday for 3 nights. 
I'm sorry, I was unable to book the hotel for the time frame that you desire.  Would you like to try another night or a shorter stay?
Ok, can we try 2 nights instead please?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : S3T89UYV.
Please help me find a train that leaves Norwich after 5:45 PM. Thanks.
Certainly what day will you need that?
I would like to travel on Saturday please. 
Train TR2970 should work for you, would you like me to book you passage?
yes book for me fo 3 people and provide me with reference number
I was able to book 3 tickets it will be 45.24 GBP you can pay at the station. The reference number is YVQA5ZCC. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'd also like to find some places to go while I'm in town. What is there in the way of architectural attractions in the city centre?
The All Saints Church would be a beautiful architectural attraction.  Would you like info on that?
Yes, can you please send that to me?
It's located on Jesus Lane. Entrance is free. The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs. Do you need anything else?
No, that's perfect.  Thank you for you help.
You're welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Please help me find a four star hotel. 
There are many 4 star hotels. What area and price would you like to be in? 
Somewhere South, mid price range and preferably a guesthouse type of hotel.
I've found the aylesbray lodge guest house.  It has a moderate price and 4 stars.  It offers free internet and parking.  Shall I book it for you?
Yes can you please book that. 
Ok I will book it for you
I need it for 3 nights starting Thursday. There will be 5 of us.
You're all set I've booked the Aylesbray lodge guesthouse for 3 nights 5 people starting Thursday. Your reference # is DTX3QITL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is there any expensive Irish restaurants? 
Sorry, no venues found. Want to change the food type or price range?
Okay, let's adjust the food type to african please
The Bedouin serves African food, would you like me to book that for you?
No, I just need the address and phone number.
They are at 100 Mill Road City Centre and can be reached at 01223367660. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I would like a cab leaving the hotel by 8:00 going to the restaurant, I need contact number and car type please.
Your red bmw was successful. Your contact number is 07998933072.
Thank you. I do not need any further help right now.
Okay, it was my pleasure to assist you. goodbye
Hello, I need some information about a certain restaurant. 
I can certainly help!  What is the name of the restaurant you are looking for?
I am looking for Restaurant Alimentum. I would like to make a reservation. 
I have that here, For when and how many?
Tuesday at 17:45 for 6 please
I'm sorry, they were unable to accommodate you request. Would you like to try a different day or time?
How about at 16:45 instead?
Booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 minutes. Reference number is 32XOQQE9
Thank you, I am also looking for a hotel in the east that has free parking for my car. I'll need the hotel to be cheap with wifi
I found the allenbell that has what you want, would you like me to make a reservation? 
Yes, that sound great.  Go ahead and book it.  
Of course. How many days will you be staying?
Wait, before I commit, is Allenbell a guesthouse or a full hotel?
The allenbell is a guesthouse with parking and internet.  Would that work?
That's all I need.
I need to know the following to book you in at the allenbell: your day of arrival, the duration of your stay, and the number of people with you.
The day will be Tuesday, as well.
How many nights will you be staying?  Will the hotel reservation need to accommodate 6 people as well?
I'm sorry, I do not need the room booked anymore. Thank you!
Can I help you with anything else?
No that's it. Thank you for your help. 
Thank you for using our system!
I want to find a moderate priced place to dine in the centre of town.
Sure thing. What type of food were you thinking about?
I would like to try some German food please.
I am not finding anything for german food. Something else perhaps?
Lets change it to chinese food, anything?
How about the Jinling noodle bar?
That sounds good. Can you book it for Sunday at 13:30 for 6 people?
Unfortunately, there are no bookings available. Can I try one of the other Chinese restaurants in the area? lan hong house or shanghai family restaurant?
As long as they are moderate priced. The shanghai sounds good.
The booking at the shanghai was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need a reference number for the booking.
The reference number is TG8VOAVX.  Do you need anything else?
No thank you that will be all.
Okay. Glad I could help. Enjoy dining there.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves international food.
There are several restaurants serving international food.  Would you prefer one in the centre or east part of town? 
I don't care.
There are three restaurants serving international food. What price range would you like?
I'm looking for a train from cambridge to the stansted airport.
I can help with that! What day will you be travelling?
Saturday after 20:00. how much will this cost?
The cost of the trip from Cambridge to Stansted airport will cost 10.10 pounds for 1 person.
And what is the travel time please?
The trip lasts 28 minutes.
Okay thank you! that is all!
You're welcome! Have fun!
Thank you, bye
Goodbye, and thanks for contacting our service
I'm looking for an austrian restaurant.
What area are you interested in today?
West.
There is no Austrian restaurant in West. Is there another area you might be interested in today?
How about italian food?
There are 15 results for Italian food. Do you have an area of town or price range in mind?
West part of town
Prezzo serves Italian food and is located in the west part of town.
Great, What is the phone number? 
The phone number is 01799 521260, Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome.  Goodbye!
Goodbye.
Good bye!
Another driver bumped into my car. He says its no big deal and wants to drive off, but I'm not so sure. Can you help?
What was the location of the accident? I can send the police.
I can contact the police myself. What's the address including postcode, and also phone number for the police?
Contact the Parkside Police Station at Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG. Phone number is 01223358966.
Okay. Thanks very much for your help.
You are most welcome!
Yes, I am searching for a hotel named the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House?
I have found the hotel. It is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please for 5 people for 3 nights starting from Thursday.
I'm sorry, I was not able to book Aylesbray. Would you like me to try another hotel?
Yes please. I want to stay around the moderate price range though!
I have you booked for A and B Guest House. The reference number is O1UZCJC9. Is there anything else you need?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using the service. Good bye. 
I'm looking for some entertainment for later.
There are five entertainment attractions in town, two in the east, two in the south, and one in the west. Is there a particular area of town that you prefer?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the south part of town please.
There are two options: Nushua and Tenpin. Both are located at Cambridge Leisure Park on Clifton Way. Would you like the phone number for either of them?
Yes. Please tell me the one you like best and then how much that place costs to get in. 
I would recommend the nusha. I do not know what the entrance fee is. You may call 01223902158 to check. Do you need anything else?
I also need a hotel in the Centre in the moderate price range with free parking.
I don't have any that match your criteria, I'm sorry.
Can you try looking in the south then?
There are two results, they are both gueshouses.There's aylesbray lodge guest house, 4 stars, and bridge guest house, 3 stars. Can I book one for you?
Yeah could you please book one of those for me?
When would you like to book the room and for how many nights and people?
I need a hotel for people for 3 nights starting Friday.
How many people will be staying?
It will be 4 people and 3 nights starting from Friday.
Your booking for the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House has been confirmed. Your reference number is 8GO1Q7PM. Can I help with anything else? 
That is all, thank you.
welcome and thanks for using our services
Thank you! Have a great day!
You too, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for a train that departs on Friday.
Are you looking for a train or a taxi? Where would you like to depart from?
Actually, I'd rather find information about a park, somewhere on the south end of town if possible.
Sure.  There is a cinema at cambridge leisure way.  Would you like to have more information about that?
No thank you.  I was actually looking for a park and not a cinema. Is there a park on the south side of town?
There are two parks in the south area of town. Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway and Wandlebury Country Park. Would you like to know more about either?
Yes, could you give me the postcode for Wandlebury Country Park?
The postcode for Wandlebury Country Park is cb223ae.  Do you need any more information?
Yes. I'd also like to book a hotel for 4 people.
There are 4 hotels in the south area. Would you like more information about them?
Is there a hotel called Hobsons House?
Yes, Hobsons House is a guesthouse in the west side of town, moderately priced. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, I want to book it starting Wednesday for 4 nights. It should be for 4 people.
Sure, I booked it. The reference number is ZZAG4CC0. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like a taxi and need to leave the hotel by 24:00.
I booked a Grey BMW for you.  Contact number is 07674785163.  Can I be of further assistance?
No, that's all I need.  Thanks.
Great! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye! 
I need to schedule a taxi to da vinci pizzeria from tandoori palace.
Ok, what time do you want to leave by?
I would like to leave after 22:15. 
Booking completed! A blue volvo will be picking you up, the Contact number is: 07185148788. 
Ok thank you!
You're welcome, do you need any further assistance?
I do not thank you. 
Alright have a great time. And don't hesitate to call again if you need more help.
Need a train leaving monday to bishops stortford.
I can help with that. I have 10 different trains that can get you there. Did you have a time you need to leave or arrive by?
Yes, I'd like to arrive by 15:15. I'm leaving from Cambridge as well. 
There is one leaves at 13:29, arriving at 14:07. Would you like a reservation on that?
Yes, I need the train ID, please. 
The ID is TR4861. How many people would you like tickets for?
I only need one ticket, please.
The total will be 10.10 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is 1EJQJWS2. Is there any other help you need?
Yes I am also looking for somewhere cheap to eat in the centre that serves italian food please. 
There are three possibilities.  Pizza hut city centre, ask or zizzi cambridge.  Would one of those work?
Pizza Hut City Centre sounds fine.  Could you book a table for 7 people there for me?  
Sure, what time are you looking for a reservation at?
It'll be for 10:45.
Ok great and what day would you like the booking to be made for?
The same day as the train which is Monday.
Yes I was able to book that for you and your reference number is YTANICP1.
Awesome! That will be it for tonight. Have a good day. Bye. 
Glad to be of help. Good day to you too.
Hi! I am planning a trip to Cambridge and am looking to catch a train from leicester. I need to arrive in Cambridge by 14:45. Is there a train that would work for me?
I can help you with that. What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Thursday.
TR8882 departs Leicester at 12:09 and arrives in Cambridge by 13:54, would you like to book a seat?
I would like you to book the train. 
Okay, I can help with that but first please tell me how many seats to book.
Please, just book for one seat. I am also looking for places to go while I'm in town.
great, what are you interested in doing or seeing?
I would like to go to a swimming pool
I have about 4 pools in town. 2 are in the north, and one each in the centre and east parts of town. Do you have a preference? 
Not really.  Pick the one you like for me.
i like abbey pool and astroturf pitch	
What's the entrance fee for that place?
The entrance fee is not currently listed, but here is the phone number for more information: 01223902088	
Great, thank you!
Can I help you find anything else today?
no, that will be all. Thank you, good bye.
You're welcome, have a great day.
I will be visiting Cambridge and I need a list of the main attractions in the south.
I have 8 entries for entertainment in the south.   Do you have a particular type that you are looking for?
I don't have a particular type.  What would you recommend?
In my opinion, out of the options I think the theatre we have in the south would be my choice. It's called the Junction. Would you like more info?
What is their address?
They are located on Clifton Way. Is there anything I may help you with?
Yes I am also looking for a 2 star guesthouse to stay at.
Okay, how about the ashley hotel that is in the moderate price range?
Is it a 2 star or better?
Ashley hotel is a 2 star hotel. Would you like to me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need the post code. 
The post code is cb41er.
Thanks. I will also need a taxi to take me from the Junction to the Ashley Hotel. I would like to leave the attraction by 21:15.
I booked the taxi for you. It's a black Honda and the contact number is 07690147877. Will that be all? .
Yes. Thank you. 
Thank you for using are services and have a great day.
I am looking for a train from cambridge to london kings cross.
I see several options, all leaving on Friday. Is there a time you prefer to leave at?
I need to leave after 17:45 on tuesday
There are 3 trains that match your request. They leave at 19:00, 21:00, and 23:00 respectively. Would you like to buy a ticket for one of these?
I'll take the earliest train. I need two tickets and the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 0KAR945K. Anything else I can help with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the centre
I have several restaurants located in the centre, what type of food are you looking for?
I'm open to restaurant suggestions. What sounds interesting?
I have 5 restaurant, choices of food are african, asian oriental and british. Which of the  restaurant you?
African sounds good. Can you make a reservation for two for the last seating?
I sure can but in order for me to make a reservation for you at bedouin for some yummy african food, I need a precise time and day
Actually...can you just shoot me the address?
Sure, the address is 100 Mill Road City Centre.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. Thank you that will be all. Goodbye
You're welcome, have a nice day!
I'm looking for a college in town.
Is there a particular area you're looking for a college in? Christ's college is in the centre area, it is located on saint andrew's street.  
Could you give me the address for it?
The address is saint andrew's street and the postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a cheap restaurant in the same area as the attraction.
I have 15 options in that area.  Do you have a certain type of food you would like?
I'm open to try anything. Can you recommend one of the restaurants you found in the centre area?
May I suggest charlie chan? It meets all your criteria. 
That sounds good. Could you book it for 3 people at 18:15 on wednesday? 
Not a problem your reservation for Charlie chan is set for Wednesday at 18:15 for 3 people, and your reference number QAU8U9M7.  Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I need a taxi to travel from christ's college to charlie chan and arrive by 18:15.
I booked the taxi for you.  It's a grey Honda and the contact number is 07889503831. Anything else I can assist you with? .
That is all I needed today. 
In that case I hope you have a wonderful visit and enjoy the rest of your day! Goodbye!
I am looking for the nearest hospital please.
Addenbrookes Hospital is the closest hospital. Do you need a particular department?
I need to find a hospital with a teenage cancer trust unit.
Addensbrookes Hospital does have a teenage cancer trust unit. Would you like information about that?
Yes, I just need the postcode please.
It is CB20QQ.
Okay, thank you for your help. That's all I need.
you are welcome any time
Are there any restaurants in town that serve modern american food?
No, there are none. Is there another type of food you would liked to try?
What about any expensive restaurants with traditional American food in the centre of town?
No, I'm sorry there are not.  There are a number of other expensive restaurants in the centre?  Might you try a different cuisine?
Sure how about Italian?
Yes Don Pasquale Pizzeria has Italian food and is in the center of town.
The restaurant sounds good. Please book a table for Sunday at 17:00 for 4 people.
Your booking for 4 at don pasquale pizzeria is complete! Here is your reference number DPMRYTRL. How else may I assist you today?
That will be all. Thank you. Goodbye!
You're welcome, enjouy your meal. 
I would like to visit an attraction called the man on the moon.
Sure, it is a concert hall located at 2 Norfolk Street, postcode cb12lf.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for an expensive Halal restaurant to dine at.
Could you help me narrow that down by choosing an area and type of food?
I would like halal food in the centre of town.
It looks like there is not any in the centre of town.  Would you like me to try a different section of the city? 
Is there an African restaurant in the center?
There is. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I'll need a table on Saturday. It will be at 13:30. 6 people will be dining. 
Great.  I made a booking for six people.  The reference number is MIDBIUFE.
Thank you so much. That was all I needed. 
Do you need me to look up anything else for your trip?
Nope that was it for today, thanks!
May I book you a taxi?
No thank you. I have to go. Thanks for all of your help!
Great.  Have a fun trip!
I'd like to get some Latin American food, nothing cheap, but shouldn't be expensive either. 
I am very sorry, but I do not see any restaurants in the area that match your criteria.
Is there a restaurant that serves Italian food in the same price range?
We have 5 entries that match your search. Do you have a particular preference further?
What areas of town are those restaurants in?  I'd like addresses and phone numbers please.
Two are in the centre, one in the south, one in the west, and one in the east.
Just hook me up with whichever one you like the most.
How about Prezzo. It's at 21 - 24 Northampton Road. Postcode cb30ad. Phone number 01799521260.
That's great. Thanks! I'm also looking for a train to Broxbourne leaving after 21:30.
I can help with that, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive on tuesday. And I am departing from cambridge.
I show trains departing on Monday after 21:30 or Tuesday after 21:30 all arriving on Tuesday.  Which day would you like to depart?
I would like to depart on Monday.  What will be the arrival time and price of that train? 
Train TR9611 will arrive in Broxbourne at 24:01. It will cost 17.90 pounds. Would you like me to book a ticket?
That's ok. Thank you for all of your time today.
You are welcome. Have a beautiful day.
I need a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge that will arrive by 12:30. 
I have found 7 trains that will get you to Cambridge by 12:07. What day would you like me to book? 
I need it for Saturday.
When would you like to leave at?
I just need to get there by 12:30 so that train would be good. What time do I depart?
 I have train TR6163 that leaves at 5:29 and arrive 6:07.   Would you like me to make reservations?
No thanks, I just wanted to know the information. I do need a moderately priced hotel, with free parking.
How about bridge house? I hear it's lovely.
Can I get more information?
It is a moderately priced guesthouse on the south side, a 3 star. Would you like to book it?
I'd rather have a hotel. Are there any available?
How about the ashley hotel in the north. it also has internet.
 No thank you that will be all
Great. Thanks for using our service!
I need a hotel with free wifi.
Do you have any other criteria?
It needs to be four star, but on the cheaper range, and free parking doesn't need to be included.
We have several good guesthouses that meet your criteria. Or do you prefer a hotel?
Either is fine. Which one is your favorite?
I suggest the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
Great that sounds like a plan.
Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. Is that a guesthouse?
yes that is a guesthouse
Okay, great. I'm also looking for attractions in the west. 
There are 13 attractions in the west. Any particular type that you would like?
What attraction do you suggest? 
How about Clare Hall, a college?
That sounds good.  Is there an entrance fee?
The entry fee is 2.50 pounds.
What's their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223332360. Can I help you with anything else today? 
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the attraction to the guesthouse. I want to leave the attraction by 05:30. What is the car type and contact number please.
I have booked a blue Tesla, the number is 07770229036 
that will be it for today and thanks for your help
i am glad i have been of help to you
You bet. This is the end.
Thanks for using our service today.
Can you help me find a train going to the stansted airport leaving after 18:45?
What day will you be traveling and from where?
I will be departing on Thursday from Cambridge. 
The earliest train is TR9030. It will depart at 19:40 and arrive at the airport at 20:08. The price is 10.10 pounds. Would you like to book?
I'm not very good with numbers.  Can you tell me the travel time of that leg?
Travel time is 28 minutes. Would you like reservations?
No. Not interested in making a reservation but you can help me find a restaurant that serves Belgian food in the centre
I'm sorry, we don't have any Belgian restaurants. Would you like to try a different type?
How about African food?
We do have an african restaurant called Bedouin. It is located in the centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book a table?
Could you just give me the postcode and address?
The address is  100 Mill Road City Centre and the postcode is cb12bd. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that'll be all!  Thank you!
Okay. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I'm looking for a cheap indian restaurant please.
Sure, there are a number of cheap Indian restaraunts.  What area of town are you looking for? 
I'd like someplace in the center of town.
There are three places that match that criteria which are the Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Would you like information about one of those restaurants? 
The Gandhi would be perfect. Could you book it for me for tuesday.
Sure, I'd be happy to reserve that for you. How many people are in your party and for what time?
5 at 11:15 on Tuesday. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : WF5PM422. thank you for inquiring with us
Great. Can you also help me find somewhere to visit in town around that same area?
I found few places you can visit. Do you care if you pay entrance fee ?
It is not really that necessary .
No the fee is not an issue. 
Just choose one and tell me the type, address, and postcode
Old schools is an architecture attraction. The address is trinity lane. The postcode is cb21tt. Anything else today?
That is all I needed today. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
Wow, I cant believe that I got a person this quickly. I need a train to cambridge.  I want to get there buy tuesday at 12:30.
I'm happy to help. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be leaving from london kings cross.
Train TR7850 arrives at 12:08, but that there are trains arriving earlier. Which one could you rather take?
I would like to take this train. Thank you.
Reference number is : UKTVT9CY. the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station .
Awesome. Could you also help me find a restaurant in the centre?
There are 69 choices to select from. Can you narrow it down to the type of food and price range? I can then search again for you
it should be in the moderate price range.
What type of food do you like?
American food and I need a booking for same group
The only one I find with American food is in the expensive range, it's the gourmet burger kitchen. Is this something you would be interested or would you prefer something else?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range in the Centre. Is there anything that meets that criteria?
I can recommend the oak bistro in the centre of town, they have british food, and are in the moderate price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please! I'd like a table for one person at 20:30 on tuesday
I am sorry, I am unable to book that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about a table at 19:30? Can you reserve that please? 
I apologize but that doesn't seem to be available either. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
Yes if there are any more options, why don't you try and suggest on for me, which ones do you like?
We do have openings at the oak bistro if you are interested. It is located in centre with moderate price range.
Yes I would like a reservation for one at 19:30
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4ZAIQ7NX. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help today. Thank you. Goodbye.
Okay, I am glad to have assisted you. Goodbye.
Hi there, I'm trying to book a train for Saturday that leaves after 18:45. 
I can book tickets that leave london kings cross that leaves at 19:17?
No, I don't really want to go there. I'd like to go to London Liverpool Street.
I have one leaving at 19:59, if that's acceptable?
Can I get the travel time and train ID?
It is train train TR2166 and the travel time is 88 minutes. Would you like me to book your ticket?
Not just yet. Can you find me a place to dine in the south? Moderate pricing please.
There are two restaurants, would you like italian or modern european?
Ooh, modern european sounds interesting. What have you got?
The european restaurant is restaurant alimentum.  Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I would like a reservation for 6 people at 10:45 on saturday please. 
Unfortunately, they do not have availability at that time. Would you like to try another time? 
Try 9:45 then, please.
That time will not be available. They are closed then.
I'm sorry, before we book the restaurant.. can you make sure the train is departing from Cambridge, please?
Yes, that train is departing from Cambridge.
Are you sure they are closed at 9:45? Is there a different european restaurant in that area available at that time?
No, sorry, that restaurant is the only european restaurant in the area.
Can you book that for 6 people at 09:45 on saturday?
Unfortunately, there are no tables available at that time. Would you like to try another time or day?
How about 9:45 instead?
Unfortunately, there are no tables at 9:45. Try requesting a NEW time or day.
Why don't you just schedule it and give me the reference number please I know they are very busy this time of year.
I am sorry but I need for you to specify a date and time please.
Can you try 10:45 on Saturday again? Maybe there was a cancellation.
I'm sorry, again, that time is not available.
Okay. Thanks anyway. Good bye!
You are welcome. Sorry we were unable to book the table for you. Please call back if we can help with anything else.
I need help with the train schedule, please. 
I have almost 3,000 trains on schedule.   What is your preferred departure day and time and arrival day and time?
I would need a train leaving Cambridge and arriving in Peterborough on Thursday at 15:45.
We have the TR4274 arriving in Peterborough at 15:56. Does that work?
That would be great, can you book that for 6 people please?
Of course. So just to confirm before booking, you are looking to travel from cambridge to peterborough on thursday before 16:00?
Before 15:45, yes for 6 people. Please send me the reference number. I am also looking for a hotel called Acorn Guest House.
I have booked TR8531 which arrives at peterborough at 1524. The reference number is PDLPM33D and 99 GBP is payable at the station.
I also am looking for a particular hotel called acorn guest house
The Acorn guesthouse is located in the north and is moderately priced. It has a 4 star rating with free wifi and parking. Would you like to book here?
Yes. I need a booking for 6 people for 4 nights, starting on Sunday.
Okay, I have booked the Acorn Guesthouse for you, starting on Sunday, for 4 nights, for 6 people.  Your reference number is K69IOQ1Z. 
Thank you for your help! How much was that booking at the Acorn Guesthouse?
I'm sorry but it does not say. I would suggest calling the hotel and providing them with your reference number to find out.
Thank you. Can you give me the phone number for the hotel please?
Sure, the phone number to Acorn Guest House is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks. That's all I need right now. Goodbye.
No problem! Thank you for your business and I hope we see you again. Take care!
i need a college to visit in Cambridge 
I have a number available to visit.  My favorite is Christ's College at Saint Andrew's Street.  It's free to get in.  Is that okay?
Sounds great, can I get the phone number and area of Christ's College?
01223334900 is the phone number and it's located in the centre. 
I am also looking for a place to stay in the south that doesn't need to include wifi.
Do you have a specific price range?
Yes, I'd like it to be in the moderate price range with a star of three. 
The bridge guest house is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it?
Actually, does it include free wifi?
It does have wifi. Would you like to book it?
I don't want to book it yet. But can you tell me if it has free parking? 
Yes the parking is free.
Could you provide me with the address and post code?
The address and postcode is cb28rj	151 hills road.
Great thank you for your help thats all I needed today.
Your are very welcome. Have a great day.
thanks for your help
You're welcome. Goodbye. 
I need to find a place to stay while in Cambridge, I do not need it to have internet but I do need it to have free parking. 
There are currently no hotels in the Cambridge area that have parking, is there another area close by that would work for you? 
maybe you can suggest a place close to the area of south, I would appreciate that, thank you
There is nothing in the south. Do you really need parking?
Yeah, I do.  What about to the west?
What are the preferences you have for the hotel? I cannot seem to find one fitting the criteria you have listed.
I need the hotel to at least have free wifi. Can you accommodate?
There are 4 hotels in the south with free wifi and parking. What star rating would you like?
I don't really care about the star rating. I just would like free wifi and would need to book for 3 nights for 6 people.
what price range are you looking for?
I don't have a preference.
Ok. How about the Bridge Guest House. I'm happy to book that for you. I just need to know what day you'll be arriving.
I will be arriving Sunday.
All booked! The reference number is O59MRSHK.
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area.  Preferably vegetarian food in the moderate price range. 
there are no vegetarian food restaurants.
Okay. Is there one that serves International food?
There are three locations that serve international cuisine. The Missing Sock, The Varsity Restaurant, and the Bloomsbury Restaurant. Are you interested in any of these?
Sure, can I please get a table on Sunday at 13:00 for 6 people at The Missing Sock?
I cannot not book your reservation for the time you wanted, would you want another time or to try one of the other 2 restaurants?
Can you try for 12:00?
I'm sorry 12:00 is not available either, would you like to try another time or different restaurant possibly?
Yes let's try another restaurant.
The Varsity Restaurant is moderately priced, and serves international food, but I'm afraid it's not in the south, but rather the city centre. Would that be agreeable?
Sure please book that fro me.
Booked for 12 at varsity restaurant, you reference number is SSRYQGZ2. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Alright, can you get me a taxi that will take from from the hotel to the Varsity in time for my reservation?
Yes, be on the lookout for for a white lexus. The contact number is 07672513904. May I help with anything else?
No, I am all set.  Thank you for all your help.  Have a nice day.
Thank you for using our service. You have a great trip!
Can you help me find a hotel called Limehouse? Thanks.
Limehouse phone number is 01223300552. Would like you to make a reservation? 
Yes book for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : IV8NUJOU. anything else?
No, that should be it. Thanks so much. 
Thanks for letting me assist you.  Have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge
Are you looking for a place to visit, eat or stay? Do you need transportation?
I'm interested in any boats on the westside.
There are no boats on the west side of town right now, do you have something else you'd like to try?
Okay what about any atttaction that is in the type of college and if available may i have the entrance fee, phone number and postcode.
There are a number of colleges in the west. I suggest magdalene college on magdalene street, cb30ag. Phone is 	01223332138. Entrance is free.
Okay great! I also need a train. Can you assist me with that?
Yes, I need more information on your trip first.
Sure, I am going to be travelling from Leicester to Cambridge on Monday.  I need to arrive by 13:00. 
I found 7 trains that match your criteria. How early do you want to leave? We have trains running every hour from 05:09 to 11:09
Can you book 2 tickets for a train that arrives closest to 13:00 please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LQKC8QD2. You'll be on the TR1193 which will arrive at 12:54.  
Thanks for helping me, I am all set.
Great, thank you for visiting us and I hope that you enjoy your stay.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to eat some indian food.
Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like it to be expensive.
I have several great options. Did you have an area of town in mind?
I'd like a place in the south, please.
taj tandoori is the place you want to go.  It meets all of your needs.  Need a table?
No, but can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number?
Of course, the address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and their postcode is cb17aa. Their phone number is 01223412299
I would also like to go to some attractions in the same area as the restaurant.
There are a number of attractions in the area.  There's a cinema, a museum, a nightclub, some parks, a theatre... Do any of these appeal to you in particular?
restaurant is what i am looking for, entrance fee and postcode please. get me a taxi from the attraction by 10.15, get me its contact number and car type. 
Just to clarify you are looking for another restaurant and not an attraction?
Oh, yeah, I do want information on attractions! In the same area. After that, I will need a taxi.
If you like parks the Wandlbury Country Park has free admission and is in the cb223ae postcode. Or I can tell you about the other attractions?
That sounds wonderful, is it also in the South part of town?  If so, I'd like a taxi from there to my hotel.
Yes, Wandlebury Country Park is in the south.  In order to help you book a taxi between the park and your hotel, I need to know what hotel you're at.
I want a taxi from the restaurant that I am at
Ok, so you'd like a taxi from the restaurant to the park?  Could you please let me know your desired departure and arrival times?
I'm sorry, I'd like a taxi from Wandlebury Country Park to Taj Tandoori. I'd like the taxi to pick me up at 10:15.
Okay, I have booked a taxi for you It will be a white Tesla and the contact number is 07162438055. Would there be anything else? 
No, that is all. Goodbye!
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, goodbye!
I need a moderately priced place to dine on the west side.
There are three options, british, indian and italian, any preference?
I would be interested in a moderately priced Indian restaurant on the west side.
There is a restaraunt named Meghna that is located on 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.  The phone number is 01123727410.  Would you like to book it? 
No thanks, I'm not sure when exactly I am going to be eating, but thank you very much for the assistance. 
Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need to find a place to stay.
What area are you wanting to stay in?
I need it in the same area as the restaurant and it should be a 3 star place.
What price range would you like?
Same price range as the restaurant
The Meghna is a nice place,s do you want me to book it ?
Does it have free wifi?
I would recommend Hobson House on the west side, 3 stars and does have wi-fi.
Does it have free parking?
Yes, it does have free parking
Okay can you give me their phone number?
Yes, their phone number is 01223304906. Anything else for you today?
Yes, I need a taxi also.
Where do you want to be picked up and by what time?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 14:00.
A black ford is booked for you! The contact number is 07564899941. Anything else today?
Thanks for all of your help today. Goodbye!
Have a great night.
I would like to visit some colleges or universities in Cambridge. Can you make some recommendations?
We have 18 colleges open to visitors. Christ's College and Churchill College are popular choices, and they're free to enter.
Could you please give me the area, address, and postcode for Churchill College?
I can! It is in the west at Storey's Way, postcode cb30ds. Phone 01223336233. Need anything else? 
Yes please. I need a place to crash. I'm thinking a 4 star guesthouse.
I see one place that is a match for you; Finches bed and breakfast on the west side of town (for your convenience) the price is cheap. If you would like I can make you a booking?
What is the address and post code?
The address is 144 Thornton Road, and the post code is cb30nd. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Does that hotel include free wifi?
Yes Finches Bed and Breakfast does have free wifi.
Great that's all I need for now. Thank you so much.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day! 
Book me a taxi to come by 19:30 to take me to ADC Theatre.
I would be happy to help with your request, where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from pizza express fen ditton
You're all set. A red audi will pick you up and the contact number, should you need it, is 07397899345. Can I help with anything else?
No that's everything. Thanks!
You're welcome! I'm happy I could help.
Need a train to broxbourne departing from cambridge.
There are 133 entries matching you description. What day and time will you be travelling?
I would be traveling on Friday and would like to get there by 18:45. 
I have a a train that leaves at 17:01 and arrives at 18:01. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes please, book that for 8 people and I need the reference number as well.
You are booked. The total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station and you're reference number is ZQ9IZVLL. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am looking for a place to eat in the centre of town. 
What type of food would you like?
mediterranean food, please. 
There are three to choose from, two are expensive and one is cheap. Do you have a preference on price?
No Preference, I'll let you pick which one you think is the best.
I would recommend la mimosa. It is an expensive restaurant in the center. Would you like to book a reservation?
Sure, for the same group of people on Friday at 12:45
Your booking is confirmed.   Your reference number is ICO9YE62.  Please note they will only reserve the table for 15 minutes.  Is there anything else you need?
That is everything, thanks for you help
Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the west side that's in the moderate price range. 
I have three listings,one for british,indian,italian. Are any of those types of food you are looking for?
Are any of them available for 8 people at 19:00 on Wednesday? 
There are two restaurants available the Indian restaurant Meghna and the Italian restaurant Prezzo 8 people at 19:00 on Wednesday. Which one do you prefer?
The Italian restaurant Prezzo sounds good.  
Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins. Reference number is : GVOKLI1A. Anything else?
nope thats it. thanks
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'd like to find an attraction in the centre of town, please.
Of course! What type of attraction did you have in mind?
Do you have any swimming pools? I might want to go swimming. 
Parkside swimming pool is in the cenre area.  Will that work for  you?
Yes, that would work for me. Can I get their address please?
The address is gonville place, phone number is 01223446100.  I'm not showing if there is an entrance fee.  Is there something else I can help you with today?
I also need to find a Guesthouse to stay in while visiting.
We have many fine guesthouses in town. Is there a particular area or price range you have in mind?
I would like free parking and free wifi.
That gives us about 21 options. Is there a price range you prefer so that we can narrow the choices down? 
Not really. Please give me a recommendation
How about the Artchway House in the north? It is a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes can you book that for 5 people and 4 nights starting from sunday?
Success! Your reference number is PWUYRMWP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi, can you help me. I need to leave the hotel by 4:15. 
A white Ford will pick you up at the hotel at 4:15 and take you to the pool. Contact number is 07909004029. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nah, you've been a great help mate. Thanks a million.
I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a good day.
I'm looking to go to a park, can you suggest any?
There are 5 different parks in the city. What area of the city are you wanting to visit? 
I would like one located in the centre of town if possible. May I please have the phone number?
I have the cambridge university botanic gardens. There phone number is 01223336265. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also want to eat at a cheap place in the center area. 
I would suggest charlie chan
Do they serve Italian food?
No they serve Chinese food. Would you like me to search for Italian food?
Yes that would be great. I'd love for you to book me a table for 1 person at 18:45 on Saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ZLQ7OVEV.
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Thank you; please consider us for your future travel needs.
Are you able to find me a french expensive restaurant?
There are 2 expensive French restaurants. Restaurant Two Two, and Cote. Which would you like to book?
I like the sound of Restaurant Two Two, could you give me their postcode, address and phone number? 
Restaurant Two Two is located at 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb43ax. You can reach them at 01223351880. Any other information I can provide? 
No, that's everything I needed today. Thank you.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Yes I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the South of town.
I have many. Do you have a preference for type of food served?
Sorry, Actually I need an expensive restaurant in the north. the first on your list would be great.
Sure how about Saigon City?
Sounds great, can you book a table for 5 at 18:00?
Alright, which day would you like the reservation to be on?
Actually, I won't be needing a reservation just yet. Could you verify the type of food Saigon City serves?
Saigon City serves asian oriental cuisine. Would you need anything other information or assistance? 
Yes, could I get the restuarant's phone number and postcode?
Certainly. The phone number is 01223356555 and the postcode is cb41nl. Anything else I can do for you? 
No, that's it. You've been very helpful, thank you!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I am in center area and need a moderately priced restaurant please.
Yippee noodle bar on King Street meets your requirements if you want asian oriental cuisine.
Actually I'd like european food, please. 
We have 4 options for you. Would you prefer european or modern european?
European, please. I want a table for 3 people at 13:45 on Saturday.
The galleria meets your needs.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, and can I get a reference number?
Unfortunately the Galleria does not have any openings at that time. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Can you try 12:45?
I was able to book a table for three at 12:45.
Can you give me the reference number for that please?
Yes, the reference number is MU055FG9. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I also need a hotel. It should be moderately priced, include free wifi and be in the centre of town.
I have Cityroomz in the center that is moderately priced and offers free wifi. Would you like to book that?
Can you tell me what type of hotel this is please?
It is a moderately priced hotel in the city's centre. No stars. 
Can I get it's postcode?
It's located in Postcode CB12TZ. They can be reached at 01223304050 if you have more questions. Would you like to book a room?
No that's all the info I needed I need a taxi between the hotel and restaurant though to get me there by 12:45.
I was able to book a yellow audi. The contact number is 07525058220. 
Okay, thank you, that's all I need.
Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves world food?
Unfortunately there are now restaurants that meet those specifications. Would you like me to look for a different kind of food?
The restaurant should be in the north.
The only restaurants in the north serve Asian Oriental, Chinese, European, French, Indian or Italian food. Would you like to change to one of those?
Tell me about the Indian restaurants in the north then please?
There are two Indian restaurants, the nirala and royal spice. The royal spice is in the cheap range and the nirala is in the moderate price range. 
Can you book me a table for two at the Royal Spice?
What day would you like this reservation to be available for?
I need a booking for 2 people at 17:30 on tuesday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Yes.  Can you look for something in the same area and price range please?
I can get a table for you at da vinci pizzeria. This is the only other place to eat in that area. Reference number is W6MFU6XD.
That is perfect. Thank you for all the help!
Thank you for using our system!
Can you please recommend an inexpensive restaurant in the East part of town?
The best match to your request is the missing sock located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
What is the phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223 812660 and their postcode is C.B 25, 9 A.Q.
Where can I find the galleria restaurant?
Sure.  The Galleria Restaurant is located at 33 Bridge Street.  Is there anything else I can assist you with? 
Could you set up a reservation for 2, at 14:00 on Tuesday?
That reservation has been made. The reference number is E2JBIHKC.
Awesome. Now please find me a train from Kings Lynn to cambridge
What day will you travel?
I need it for Tuesday I want to arrive by 14:45. 
Train TR9102 leaves at 5:11,would you like me to book it for you ?
Actually I need to arrive by 11:45, sorry.  What's the closest arriving to that time?
TR1704 arrives in Cambridge on Tuesday by 10:58, would you like to reserve a seat?
Yes, please book 2 tickets and then give me the reference number
The reference number for your train booking is HWIMEWD3. Anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you very much.
Great, it was my pleasure! Goodbye, until next time!
Hello, I'm looking for places to go in the centre.
There are many attractions in the centre like museums, architecture, boating, and concerthalls.  What are you interested in?
How about a boating attraction?
There are two in the centre of town. Scudamores Punting Co, and the Cambridge Punter. Would either of those interest you?
Could you give me the address for the Cambridge Punter, please? I also need a place to stay, preferably somewhere cheap.
Sure, the cambridge punter is lcoated at 251a chesterton road.  The autumn house is in the cheap price range with 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
Does it offer free wifi internet? 
Yes the autumn house does have free wifi.  Would like me to book a room for you?
Yes please.  I will need the hotel for 4 people starting Saturday for 3 nights. 
I have booked the hotel. The reference number is: K6WVG1O7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all I need today. Thank you for the help.
Great, thanks for using our service. Have a great day.
you too, goodbye!
Thank you, and goodbye.
I am looking for places to go. Can you tell me about some museums?
I show 79 of them, is there a certain area of town you prefer?
Surprise me! I'd like the address, fee and postcode.
the broughton house gallery is located on 98 king street, is free to enter, and the post code is cb11ln.
Sweet! Can I also get some information on hotels?
Sure. I have 33 hotels in my database. Can you please provide me with the area, price range, and features you are looking for?
How about a 2 star rating in the moderate price?
Of course, ashley hotel and lovell lodge both meet that criteria. Would you like to book with one of them? 
Either one is fine, I need to book for 1 starting sunday, 4 nights.
You have a room at the Ashley, reference number 1IIKBZBL.
Thank you very much for your help.
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
How about some restaurant suggestions within walking distance of the hotel.  Any indian cuisine or african cuisine that's expensive?
how about broughton house gallery? 
Does it have free wife and parking?
No, it doesn't. Sorry about that.
Sorry about that, I can look for a restaurant later. That's actually all I need today, thank you! 
Ok great!  Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo centre, I hope you enjoy your stay!  Goodbye!
I need to find a place to stay in town
We have five hotels located in the Centre. Do you have a specific price range?
Not really, but I do want a 4-star hotel with free parking and wifi.
I have 2 places that fit that criteria. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I would prefer a hotel, thank you. 
The University Arms Hotel meets all of your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Sure, that would be great!
How many are in your party?
I'll need rooms for 6 people for 4 nights beginning Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 70ZB569F. Can I help you with anything else?
I need the postcode , entrance fee and the attraction type of "The Place"
The Place is a nightclub and the postcode is cb23hg. The entrance fee is unknown, though.
Great.  Can you give me the address and phone number for The Place?  Thank you for your help.
Sure, the address is 22 sidney street and the phone number is 01223324600. Anything else? 
No that was it. Thank you so much. 
You're very welcome.  Please feel free to contact us again!
I am looking for a train departung after 8:30 from Ely.
I have found several trains that you can use. What is your destination?
The train should go to Cambridge on Tuesday
TR4669 leaves ely at 09:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 09:52.  How does that sound?
Sounds great.  Can you book 5 seats for me?
Yes, your booking was successful. Your reference number is RCJDH5J4
Thanks Can you help me find a hotel called the university aims no university arms hotel.
I have a hotel called university arms hotel located in the centre.  Would you like to make reservations?
Yes, for 2 nights for 5 people on the same day
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ZQ6OOE4Y
Thanks for all your help.  That's all I need today.
It was my pleasure. Good day ma'am. Goodbye.
Hi there, I've just started planning my trip.  Can you help me find a restaurant?
I would be happy to assist you. Is there a price range you prefer, or a type of cuisine?
I am looking for a moderately priced chinese restaurant. 
What area of town would you like to dine in?
I'm sorry, I just thought of a restaurant I had forgotten about. I would like to dine at a particular restaurant called Shiraz Restaurant. 
I have no matching restaurants. Can I help you find something else?
I also need a train ticket.
I'll be happy to assist with that, but I'll need some additional information. What is your destination and departure point? Also, when will you be traveling?
I'll be heading to the airport on Friday after finishing up sightseeing here.
I actually did find Shiraz Restaurant.  Great Mediterranean place.  Can I book a table before we work on your train?
Oh perfect! Can I have a table for 8 people at 19:00 on thursday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 4JP4LX3W.
Alright, would you like to continue finding a train?
I just want to confirm. You need a train on Friday from Cambridge to Stansted Airport. What time would you like to depart? This is a 28 minute train ride.
I want one that gets there by 16:00
I've booked on TR1316 friday leaving cambridge 14:40 arriving at stansted airport at 15:08 cost is 10.10 pounds, referenece E0X8YVGZ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you please confirm the travel time? 
The travel time is 28 minutes.
OK, thanks for everything.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I don't need anything else.
Have a great trip.
Thank you for your help.
Thanks again for letting us help you! Enjoy your visit! Goodbye. 
I would like to find a train going to Leicester leaving after 18:30 please.
Where will you be departing from, and what day would you like to travel?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday
OK, i have TR8207, it has a trip duration of 105 minutes and is 37.80 pounds. Does that sound ok for you?
That sounds perfect. I will purchase the ticket at the station. Thank you!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I could help you with today?
I'll also be needing a place to stay. Can you find me a hotel type place? I don't need free internet. 
I have many available options. What side of town would you like? 
I don't mind where it is, but it should be 4 stars with free parking.
We have three options available would you prefer something cheap or expensive?
If there are any that don't have free internet tell me about that one, hotels usually start skimping on other things when they offer free internet.
They all have free parking and internet. I have Huntingdon Marriott in the west and expensive. Cambridge Belfry is cheap in the west. And University Arms Hotel is expensive in centre.
The cambridge belfry sounds good as long as it is 4 star with parking. I will need a booking on sunday.
How many days would like to stay?
I would like to stay on Sunday for 1 person, 2 nights please.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is R5YPRGU0. Can I help you with anything else today?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help!
You are very welcome. Have a great visit!
I am coming to Cambridge and am so excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I just need help finding a restaurant to eat at while there.
We have a lot of great restaurants!  What kind of food do you prefer, and what price range would you like for me to check? 
I want Turkish at a moderate price. 
I have found 2. The anatolia or efes restaurant. Would you like a booking made today?
The Efes is fine.  I need a table for at 17:15.  I will also need the reference number.
I am getting the booking started for you now, can you give me the day and number of people please?
Book for 8 people on Friday at 17:15.
I have your made your reservation. Ref# is E7VPA79P. They will hold the table for you for 15 minutes. Is there anything else that I can be of assistance? 
Yes, I'd also like to check out a cool place in the centre area. 
There is a lot to do in the centre.  Are you looking for a particular type of attraction?
How about multiple sports?
There is nothing in the centre of town for sports. Would you like to try something else?
What about a museum?
The Broughton House Gallery meets your criteria, would that work?
That sounds great. Can you tell me a phone number I can reach them at, and also the entrance fee?
The phone number is 01223314960 and the entrance fee is free.
That is everything, thank you so much for your assistance.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a train on sunday that will leave after 17:30
Where will you be traveling from and to?
I am leaving Leicester and going to Cambridge. 
TR9320 will leave at 18:09 and arrive at 19:54. Can I book that for you?
Please do, I will need this for 6 people. Can I also have the reference number as well?
Booking was successful and your reference number is 0RKJ93UG. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a place to stay. I'm looking for a 3 star place in the expensive price range. 
There are two gonville hotel at the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south, which one do you prefer? 
I prefer the gonville.
Would you like me to book you at the gonville?
Yes please. Remember there are 6 people. It should be at least 3 stars and expensive.
How long would you like to stay?
Just 1 night would be perfect.  Thank you.  
Before booking the hotel I need to know how many days will you stay?
Perhaps I can book it. I will just need the postcode
The postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that is all. Thank you for the help?
You are very welcome. Have a great stay.
I would like to find a 2 star hotel to stay at that also includes free parking. Do you have any suggestions?
The Ashley hotel, Lovell Lodge and Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge match your criteria. Would you like more info on them?
I need a guesthouse. 
Unfortunately there are no guest houses in that area.
Then a hotel please. What are my options?
There are three hotels that match your criteria.  The Express by Holiday Inn is in the East.  The Lovell Lodge and the Ashley Hotel are both in the North.  All three offer free parking, would you like their contact information?
Okay can I make a booking at Ashley Hotel for 6 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.
Your booking is complete! Your reference number is 35ED1A8C. Do you need anything else?
no that's it thanks for your help
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Hi, I am trying to plan a trip and need some help with a train.  I'm not familiar with trains at all unfortunately.
Don't worry, I should be able to help you. Do you know which station you'll be leaving from or going to?
I'm departing from leicester and I need to leave on friday.  Thank you for helping!
What is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge. 
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
11 pm and I want it for three people
TR6539 will arrive by 22:54. Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is IE5RK2IG. Do you need anything else?
I also need a place to stay.
We have many great places to stay. What area would you like and do you have a price range? 
I would like a guesthouse, rated 3 stars, in the north with free parking. I have 8 people and I want to stay for 5 nights starting on Friday.
I was able to book hamilton lodge, reference number is 7CAKIXH2.
Thank you.  That is all I needed. Goodbye.
you are welcome, enjoy yourself.
I would like to reserve a taxi from rosa's bed and breakfast.
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I want to arive by 23:00.
Got it. And what is your destination please?
I will be going to cityroomz.
I have confirmed you booking, a yellow volvo will pick you up.
What is the contact number, please?
The contact number is 07854319661.
Thanks, that's all I need today. You've been a great help.
Thank you. Is there anything else
I'm looking for a place to stay. Are there any guesthouses that are moderately priced?
Oh, yes. I have about 15 different options for you. Is there an area of town you prefer to stay in?
No, I really don't care what area, but I would like it to have a 4 star rating. 
I have several 4-star guesthouses. Might I suggest the Warkworth house. It's located in the east and offers both free wifi and parking. 
That sounds perfect so long as it has free parking.
It certainly does. Would you like to make a reservation? 
Yes.  I'll need it for 4 people starting on Saturday.  We'll be there for 5 nights.
I'm sorry, the Warkworth is unavailable for your dates. Perhaps you are flexible with your dates?
Well, is it available for at least 4 nights?
I'm sorry, four nights isn't possible either.
Actually, I misspoke. I need the room for 5 people, for 5 nights, starting Saturday. If that doesn't work, 4 nights is fine. 
Your reservation for 5 people has been made for a 4 day stay at Warkworth House, arriving Saturday. Your reference number is 6DF5Q5QJ. Is there anything else I can do?
No, that's it. Thank you very much.
No problem at all. Have a great day.
I want to visit a sports centre that allows for multiple different sports.
There is a mutliple sports attraction called the Cherry Hinton Village centre in the east, would you like the address?
I am looking for something in town centre, is there a place for multiple sports in that area?
The only multiple sports center is in the east.  Would you like to try a different attraction in the centre?
I there a college instead?
There are 13 colleges in the centre. If you are looking for a recommendation, I would definitely suggest Hughes Hall. They have free admission and are located on Wollaston Road.
Could you give the the phone number for that one?
The phone number for Hughes Hall is 01223334898. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am also looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant in the same area.
The Ugly Ducking is in the expensive price range in the town of Centre.  Would you like more information or for me to book for you?
I just need the phone number please. 
There is no phone number listed for them I would suggest sending them an email. 
Can you help me book a taxi from Hughes Hall to the Ugly Ducking by 11:30?
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07795998512. 
Thanks so much you've been a huge help 
You are welcome it is my goal to provide great service!  Enjoy your stay.
Thanks! Looking forward to it! 
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I will be in the south this week and know I will want to catch a movie, what cinema's are in that area?
There is a great cinema on the south side called Cineworld Cinema. The are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Their phone number is 00872208000. Is there anything else?
Yes, what is the postcode?  Is there an admission fee?
The postcode is cb17dy, and it looks like there isn't an admission fee. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Can I also get a train leaving after 16:45 on sunday?
I also need your departure and arrival cities please.
The arrival city is obviously going to be Cambridge......  I'll be coming from Duxford
I'm sorry, there are no train departures from Duxford that match your criteria.  Can you leave at another day or time?
I'm sorry. I'd be departing from cambridge to norwich. Can you double check that?
Train TR1975 meets your criteria, can I book something for you?
Yes can you book that for me please?
1 ticket, reference # is 4AHIOULB.  Anything else?
No thank you that will be all.
Well I am glad to help enjoy your stay
Thank you so much. You have been a huge help. 
You're very welcome. Good bye. 
Could you help me find a good nightclub in the center of town?
There are five nightclubs that fit your request. The entrance fee for all five nightclubs range from 4 to 5 pounds. Do you want more information?
Im not familiar to the area, so I will try any nightclub that you suggest, I just need the phone number and postal of whatever you pick.
The fez club is nice. The phone number is 01223519224 and post code is cb23hx. May I help you with anything else today?
i'm also looking for a train.
Where is your destination for the train and for what day and time?
I am headed to Cambridge on Tuesday from Peterborough
What time do you need to depart by?
The train should leave after 11:00.
The TR6457 meets your criteria. It leaves at 11:19. Would you like to book tickets?
No need for tickets. But can I get the arrival time, travel time and price?
Sure! The arrival time is 12:09, the travel time is 50 minutes, and it will cost 16.50 pounds per ticket.
Great! Thank you so much for looking into that for me.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that is it. Thank you.
You're welcome. Please call again if there is any way we can assist you. Goodbye.
Can you find me a museum to visit?
Found several museum, do you want  museum with free entrance?
I really need one in the east.
There are four. How about Cambridge Artworks? It's located at 5 greens Road and has free entrance.
What is the phone number?
Sure! The phone number is 01223902168. Do you need a taxi or directions to the museum?
Do you have a train that arrive's at 11:00 on Saturday that departs from bishops stortford?
I have one arriving at 10:07,would that be okay?
That'd be fine. I want it to arrive at cambridge on time. Can you book it for 3 people? 
Sure thing your reference number is SIN65PG9
Thank you, that's all I needed!
Enjoy your visit.  Please give me a call if you need any more help during your visit.
I'm visiting Cambridge and would like some suggestions for an upscale restaurant which serves modern global cuisine.
I'm sorry. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to try a different food type or price range?
Yes, how about a chinese restaurant?
I found nine expensive Chinese restaurants.  Is there a part of town that you would prefer?
I don't care what part of town it is in, I will need the postcode though.
The restaurant Yu Garden has a postcode of cb58pa. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes! I'm looking for a particular hotel, the name is home from home.
That is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north. 
Great can I get their address, whether they have free parking, and internet?
The address is 78-80 milton road. They have free parking and internet. 
Thank you. That's everything I will need today.
Wonderful, I'm glad I could assist you, have a wonderful stay.
Can you help me out with finding a restaurant that serves british food in the east?
I have located the grafton hotel restaurant, would you like more info or a booking?
Please book reservation for 2 people at 16:00 on Friday. Send me the reference number.
Ok, I made your reservations. Your reference number is 23EKIUFO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
give me the address and postcode.
Sure, the address is Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and the post code is cb58pa. Can I do anything else for you today?
yeah, i'm also looking for a place to stay.
I'll be glad to find you a place, first is there an area or price range you recommend? 
The price range doesn't matter.
Well what area are you interested in?
I need a guesthouse, including free parking.  It should have a 4 star rating on Friday.  Can I get the phone number and address?
I recommend Carolina Bed and Breakfast. It's located close to where you'll be dining and is moderately priced. Their address is 138 Perne Road and their phone number is 01223247015.
I also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, please. I need to leave the restaurant by 19:00.
I have booked that taxi for you. Be expecting a grey Toyota. Should you need to contact the taxi company, you can call 07048450899.
Thank you very much.  I think that is all I need.
Have a nice day!
I'm traveling to Cambridge and I'm excited about tourist attractions.  Can you find me some boating attractions in the North?
Riverboat georgina is in the north. What information would you like?
Could I please have the entrance fee, phone number and address?
The address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House post code cb43ax. The entrance fee is not stated.The phone number is 01223902091.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. Can you recommend a guesthouse in the East?
The A and B guest house matches your preferences. Would you like me to book a room?
Does the A and B offer free parking?
Sorry, no there is no free parking. Can I look for another?
Yes please. I need a guesthouse in the east that includes free parking. 
I have 5 guesthouses in the east with free parking. Three are cheap and two are moderate. Do you have a preference?
no i dont have any other than the free parking
I think the Allenbell guesthouse would meet your needs.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
What is the star rating for the Allenbell, and do they have internet?
The Allenbell has a 4 star rating and offers free internet and parking.  Would you like me to book this for you?
What is the postcode for the Allenbell?
They are in postcode cb13js. Can I help with anything else today?
That's everything I needed, thank you!
You are very welcome! Enjoy your stay! 
Hello Cambridge Towninfo Center representative. I desire a place to stay that 5 stars, cheap and includes free wifi. Can you help?
I'm sorry but I'm not finding anything that matches your criteria. Can I help with something else? 
How about changing that to a 4 star rating?
That we have! Do you have a preference on the area?
No preferences on the area, but I want to book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from wednesday.
How does the Alexander bed and breakfast in the centre sound?
Sounds great! Could you book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting Wednesday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 34P1OHBR. Do you need any other help today?
That is it, thank you for your help.  Goodbye
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the centre of town with free parking.
I have 4 options for you - would you like cheap or expensive? I have nothing in between.
I'm flexible on the price point butthe place will need to be a guesthouse that also had free wifi.
Okay, that narrows it to two: Alexander Bed and Breakfast (4 stars) or El Shaddai (0 stars). They're both cheap. Would you like to book one of these?
Not right now. Could I have the phone number for the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
Yes, the phone number is 01223525725. Do you have any other questions or concerns?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you!
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I wasn't planning to stay in town tonight, but it looks like I'm going to have to. Can you help me find a pretty cheap room? 
The the cambridge belfry is a hotel in the west part of town in the cheap price range. Would you like me to book a room for you?
I am looking for a cheap place to stay including free parking 
The Cambridge Belfry is cheap and includes free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
How many stars does it have? I'd like a cheap place in the west with 4 stars and free parking.
Yes, the Cambridge Belfry is a cheap 4 star hotel that includes free parking. 
Do they have internet there?
Yes, there is free internet provided. Would you like me to book a room?
Sure you can book that for me, thank you! 
I would be happy to book a room. Please let me know your arrival day, how many nights you're staying, and the number of people who will be staying.
Actually, I'm not ready to book yet. I think I have the information I need, thank you!
It was a pleasure.  
I'm looking for a train to stevenage that leaves after 11:45
The first train to Stevenage leaves at 13:21 on either Wednesday or Friday.  Which day will you be leaving?
I need to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.
On Sunday TR0523 leaves at 13:21, would that work for you?
Yes, I think that will be just fine. Can you please tell me how much it will cost?
It is 10.24 pounds per ticket. Can I book that for you?
Yes, that will be fine. I am also looking for museums in the centre.
I have 11 different choices. Might I suggest the Primavera. They just added many new exhibits. 
Sounds great, what's the post code? 
The Primavera's postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else you need help with?
No that is all I need.
Okay. Glad I could help.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town.
What type of food are you looking for? 
I would like eritrean, please.
I'm very sorry there are no restaurants that serve eritrean food in the centre area. Is there another type of cuisine we can look for?
How about Turkish?
efes restaurant should be fine. it is moderately priced and located in King Street City Centre, cb11ln. can we book?
Sure make me a booking for 8 people at 19:00 on monday.
I have made reservations your reference number is KZ7IRCWH.
I also need a train on the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 11:00
Sure, where are you departing from? What is your destination?
I am leaving stevenage and going to cambridge.
Okay, the TR8265 arrives by 10:43 and leaves at 09:54. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes please book the train for eight people.  
Your booking was a success. The total fee is 102.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is KH92FZBE. Could I be assistance to you with anything else?
Nope that's it. Thank you. 
You're welcome, hope you enjoy your visit :)  Bye.
I'm looking for a hotel in the north side.
I have many options in the north. All are in the cheap to moderate range. Do you have any further requirements?
I'd like a 2 star hotel with free parking.
Ashley Hotel and Lovell lodge are both available
The Ashley Hotel sounds fine, can you book that for me please. Also, I need the postcode of that hotel as well.
the post code is cb41er. what day would you like the reservation for?
Actually, I don't need a booking. Thanks. Have a nice day.
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Can you please recommend a hotel? I don't need free parking.
Is there a specific area your were looking for? I have some available in the centre, north, and east side of town.
Hmmmm....How about in the north?
The avalon is a nice guesthouse in the north. 
Is it moderately priced?
Yes it is moderately priced, it is a 4 star hotel with free wifi but no parking.  Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, I need it for 2 people and 5 nights starting from tuesday. I would also like the reference number.
I have booked a room for two at the Avalon beginning on Tuesday for five nights. Your reference number is 2KMVO8NF. Can I help you find anything else in the area?
Can you tell me about colleges that are in the center of town?
we have 5. What would you like to know?
Could you recommened one for me?
saint catharine's college	is a nice college in the centre of town with free admission.
That sounds great.  Is there an entrance fee?
There's no entrance fee. It's free! Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is their postcode too please
It is cb21rl.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes I would love a taxi to commute by both places, I want to leave the hotel by 04:45. 
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a blue Ford and the contact number is 07417187349.
thanks alot for helping
WELCOME AND ENJOY YOUR STAY
thanks and good day
Have a good day.  We hope to see you again.
Are there any concert halls in the west?
I am sorry there are no listings for concerthalls in the west. Is there something else I can assist you with today?
What about colleges in the west?
There are five colleges in that area. Three have no entrance fees. Would you like additional information on any of these?
No thank you. I am looking for information el shaddai hotel. 
The El Shaddai is a guesthouse in the centre part of town. It has free internet, parking and has 0 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you? That would be great. There are 5 of us and we plan to arrive on Thursday. We'd like to stay for 5 nights.
Okay. I've got you booked for a 5-night stay at El Shaddai for 5 nights and 5 people. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes could I get the reference number for the booking please. 
Of course, Reference number is : 2SLFLKIC.  Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you. That is all I needed for now. Have a nice day!
Thank you and enjoy your time with us in Cambridge!
Hi. I'm looking for a train going to Kings Lynn on Monday.
I have 19 different options. Can you tell me if you have a time you want to leave or arrive by? 
I would definitely like to arrive by 14:45 at the latest.
There are 9 possible trains to take, do you have a preference on departure time?
No. I just need to arrive by 14:45. I would also like the price.
I have train TR0793 that departs at 13:11 and will get you there by 13:58. Do you think that would work? Oh, and the price is 9.80 pounds per ticket.
I'm also looking for a place to stay that includes parking
There are 29 options available.  What area of town do you prefer and what is your price range?
I would like one in the expensive price range and needs to include free parking.
I would recommend the Gonville Hotel.  It is in the centre of town and is an expensive offering with free parking.
Does it have a 4-star rating by chance? 
No, Gonville has a 3 star rating.  Can I help you make a booking there or would you like more options?
Are there any 1 star hotels meeting those requirements?
No there are only 3 and 4 star. Would you like one of those or would you like to keep looking?
I guess the 4 star would be better. They have internet, right?
University arms hotel is a 4 star hotel with internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, just the phone number if you have it.
Of course! The phone number is 01223351241. May I help with anything else?
No that is everything. I need thank you for your help!
Enjoy your stay. Goodbye
Yes, I'm only looking for information right now.  Can you help me with a train?
Of course. Where are you traveling from and what is your destination?
I'm leaving from London Kings Cross and want to arrive in Cambridge. 
There are lots of choices for those locations. What day and time will you be traveling?
Wednesday after 13:15 would be great.
I have 6 trains leaving between 13:17 and 23:17.  Would you like me to book a seat for you?
I don't need to book. I just need the train ID, travel time and arrival time for the 13:17 train.
Those would be TR0922, 51 minutes, and 14:08. How else may I help you?
I'd like to find somewhere to stay that is moderately priced, in the east, and with internet included
There are three 4 star guesthouses in the east part of town.  They are all moderately priced. Can i book one for you? 
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday. 
No problem. I have booked your reservation at A & B Guesthouse. The reference number is 8WQV1V9H. Can I help you with anything else?
That'a all I need for today.  Thanks!
Have a safe trip.
Hi, I want to visit a museum.
There are several museums in the Cambridge area. Is there a certain area of town you prefer?
Any area is fine.  Perhaps the centre area if there is a good one there.  
i recommend primavera. it is located 10 king s parade, cb21sj. do you need the phone number?
yes phone number and postcode,thank uyou
The phone number is 01223357708 and the postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything else you'd like me to do for you?
As a matter of fact yes. I need a train that leaves after 13:15 on Saturday
What will your destination be?
I will be coming from Kings Lynn to Cambridge. 
TR9346 leaves at 14:11. Want to book?
Yes please book that for 8 people. 
Ok, the booking was successful, the total fee is 62.72 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : P1J7RWHQ. Can I help with anything else?
No, that will be all for today. Thanks for your help today. It's been appreciated.
You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in Cambridge in the west.
Wonderful, may I suggest prezzo? They are a well~known establishment and is moderately priced.
Ok sounds Great I want to book a table on wednesday for 6 people at 16:15 and i would like the reference number 
Sure. Your reference number is 4GSTQC42 and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Will that be all?
I am also looking for a hotel. I would like it to be expensive and in the same area as the restaurant. 
The only expensive place in the west is the Huntingdon Marriott. Would you like a room there?
Do they have free parking and free wifi?
Yes they do have both.
Perfect. Can you reserve me rooms for the same 6 people for 4 nights, and we'd like to check in the same day, too.
The booking wasn't successful. Can you do another day or a shorter stay? 
Sure. Let's try just one night then.
I was able to successfully book you for 1 night. Your reference number is BWXLI8K3. Is there anything more I can help you with? 
I also need a taxi to get from the restaurant to the hotel.
What time would you like the leave the first place?
I want to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time
I have you in a Blue Honda, the number to contact the is 07758846096. May I help you with any thing else?
Actually, that was all I needed. Thanks so much. Goodbye. 
No problem. Please have a pleasant trip.
Hi, can you help me find a cheap hotel with free wifi? Thank you
The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel in the west with wifi, would that be okay?
I would like a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi instead. 
In what area will you need the room?
There area does not matter, but I prefer a four star guesthouse. 
Autumn House is a cheap 4 star guesthouse with free wifi in the East.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Please for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday/
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 7IWUZFNC. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes I also need a train. I'm planning to travel from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday.
Do you have a time you want to leave or get there by?
I would like to arrive by 11:00.
There are 3 trains that will arrive by 11:00.  Would you prefer to leave at 05:21, 07:21 or 09:21?
9:21 works perfectly, can I have a reference number for that as well? 
Your Reference number is : CZEKL8AL. It will cost 12.8 GBP. 
That is all I need good bye. 
Fell free to call if you need anything in the cause of the day. 
I would like some information on the gonville hotel
The Gonville Hotel is rated 3 stars. There is free internet and parking. It is located at Gonville Place and their phone number is 01223366611.
Excellent. Could you book it for myself and my partner?
Sure.  Can you confirm when you will be arriving and for how many nights you will be staying?
My companion and I will arrive on Monday, staying for 5 nights, could you provide me with the reference number? We will need to book a train as well.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5C9C9Y4I. now i can help you book a train
uh why yes you are very perceptive. depart cambridge arrive by 9:45 leaves on sat going to ely
I have train TR8860 and leaves at 5:50 and arrives at 6:07. Would you like reservations?
Yes, please.  Could you book that for five people as well? 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : THCMI67T.
Thank you. That is all I need today.
enjoy your time with us in Cambridge, enjoy!
You are looking for a train. The train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge
There are several. Is there a certain time you had in mind?
I'm looking for one that leaves after 12:00 going to leicester 
TR2129 leaves Cambridge at 12:21.  There are trains every hour after as well, if you would like to leave a little later.
That on will be fine, what is the price, please?
The price is 30.24 pounds.
Great, thanks. I am also looking for a museum to go to.
What area would you like to be in?
I do  not care. I would just like some info on the one you think is best. 
Okay I recommend cafe jello gallery in the west please. 
What is the entrance fee and address?
It is free, and located at cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street	
Okay.  That was in the West Cafe Jello Gallery at 13 magdalene street and it's free.  Thank you.  Goodbye.
I am glad that I could assist you today. I hope you have a wonderful evening. Bye bye.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the south of town.
There are 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel in the south of town. Is there a particular price range you're looking for?
I definitely want to stay in a hotel, not a guesthouse. Is the hotel moderately priced, and does it have free parking?
There are no moderately priced hotels in that side of town. Would you like to try a different side of town?
I see, well how about a guesthouse in that area with free parking?
Yes I have two guesthouses in that area. Would you be interested in either of them?
Yes, which one has room for six guests?
For what day would you like me to try booking for? 
I need it on Sunday, for 3 nights.
Unfortunately, neither of those guesthouses can take in 6 guests for three nights on Sunday. Might I suggest another day or a shorter stay?
OK, can you accommodate 2 nights then?
Unfortunately, neither guesthouse can accommodate 2 nights. Is there another date you'd like to try for, or would you like to try for 1 night rather than 2? 
Is there any other options that we can look into?
Unfortunately those are the only options within that price range. Would you like me to look for a more affordable option?
Just please book for that room for 2 nights.
I'm sorry, as I previously mentioned neither guesthouse can accommodate that request. How about another area of town?
Are you certain there is not either a guesthouse or hotel in the south with free parking for 2 or 3 nights Sunday for 6 people?
Not  based on Sunday arrival - would you like to try another day or shorter stay?
Let's try again. A moderately priced guesthouse in the south with free parking. Sunday, 2 nights, 6 people. 
I apologize. There is no hotel or guesthouse in the south with free parking that can accomodate you with those details. A different day or a shorter stay may work. 
Could you check another area of town perhaps that can accommodate 6 guests for 3 nights starting Sunday with a moderate price and free parking?
I'm sorry to tell you that there is no hotel in any area of town that meets those requirements and can accomodate 6 for 3 days from Sunday. 
Shoot.  Well, okay, how about two nights?
I have booked 6 into Acorn Guest House for 2 days starting Sunday. It is moderately priced, in the north, with parking. Reference number 0GNWIGNC. Is there anything else?  
I need a train from cambridge to broxbourne that leaves after 8:15 on tuesday.
Train TR7656 departs Cambridge on Tuesday at 09:01.  If this works for you how many tickets do you need booked?
I need 6 tickets please.
I have booked 6 tickets for train TR7656 leaving at 9:01 Tuesday. The total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is SGNRTY27. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.
Awesome. Take care!
I am looking for a moderate price placed to say in the North side of the city please.
There are several that fit the bill. I could recommend Limehouse. Would you like me to help you book there, or are there other factors you'd like to consider?
As long as there is available parking I'd like to book my reservation there please.
I can book you at the Limehouse. when would you like the reservation?
Can I get it starting Monday for 3 nights with 6 people please
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like something else?
Can you help me find a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage?
What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 16:15 on tuesday.
I have a train that laeves at 17:21. Will that do?
there is none that leaves earlier? how much will that one cost me?
There is no earlier train. The price is 12.80 pounds.
Okay thank you. Could you help me find a guesthouse in the centre to stay at?
I have 2 guesthouses in the center. They're both cheap, but the 4-star Alexander B&B is by far the better choice. Would you like to book a room?
I need one in the expensive price range that includes free parking.
I'm sorry we don't have an expensive guesthouse in the centre area. Would you like to try some different criteria? 
Ok, well do you mind trying to see if there is a hotel that matches my other requests. 
I recommend University Arms motel. I meets your criteria. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. I would like it for Thursday for 7 people, 5 nights. 
Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is : VH6MRHBA.  What else can I help you with today? 
Thanks, that's all. Goodbye
Thank you for using our service today!
I would like to see some local tourist places while visiting. I will be in the east area.
There are entertainment, museum, multiple sports, park, and swimmingpool attractions. Would you like more information on any of those?
How about museums?
I'd recommend Cambridge Artworks. Would you like more information? 
What kind of attraction is that? I also need a cheap hotel that includes free parking.
Cambridge Artworks is a museum.  I found the Cambridge Belfry hotel.  Would you like a reservation?
Is it a 4 star hotel?
Yes, they are 4 star rated. They are cheap and located in the west. They also offer free parking and wifi. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks. That's actually all I needed today. Thanks for your help!
You are welcome.  Have I answered all of your questions for you satisfactorily today?
Yes!  Have a nice day!
Ok - Thank you!  Enjoy your stay!
I will. I appreciate all of your help.
thank you goodbye
I need a train for stansted airport and I need to arrive by 19:30 please.
What day will you be traveling on? 
I will travel in Sunday. 
Okay. Where will you be leaving from please?
I want to leave from Cambridge.
ok the TR5009 arrives at 19:08.
Yes can you book that for me please?
certainly, how many tickets do you need?
I just need one ticket please.  I need the train price as well. 
There is no longer a TR5009 but have booked you for the next best. The price is 8.08 GBP
Actually, can you tell me the travel time for that?
I apologize, TR5009 is available. It is a 28 minute train ride, leaving Cambridge at 18:40, arriving at Stansted Airport by 19:08. Your reference number is 090MN9HI.
I appreciate your help. I am also interested in looking at a college while I am in Cambridge. Could you help me?
We have many to choose from, is there a certain area you'd like to be in?
No particular area, would you choose one for me?
Pembroke college will blow your mind, free adminssion located at trumpington street, postal cb21rf, phone 01223338100.  Are there any other questions today?
Thank you that is all I needed today. 
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
What area would you like that in?
In the east side of town.
We have 7 options that meet your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind or would you like a recommendation?
Not really, but can you give me the address for your favorite place?
I prefer the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.  It's a 4 star guesthouse in the moderate price range.  Would you like for me to book a room for you?
Could you just give me the address for now?
The address is 138 perne road
I would also like to get some expensive fusion food. 
There is nothing that meets that criteria, shall I run another search?
How about a British restaurant instead?
There are 6 to choose from. Do you have a preference for area? If not, then I recommend graffiti.
Is Graffiti in the same area as my hotel? I'd like to keep it to that area if possible.
Graffiti is in the west area. Would you like me to see what is available in the east area?
yes, I would prefer it to be in the west area.
Graffiti serves British food in the west area, are you ready to make a reservation?
Possibly, but first can you give me the exact address for Graffiti?
Sure they are located at Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntington Road, is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I was confused.  I need a british restaurant in the east side.  Sounds like Graffiti won't work for me.
How about travellers rest restaurant located in the west side of town?
I need a restaurant in the east area, so that won't work.
Okay. There is one option here for you. It is grafton hotel restaurant. Do you need a reservation?
Yes please. Go ahead and book it for me. Thank you and good bye 
I need more information, such as when you would like to book it and for how many people?
i want a guesthouse
I can certainly help you with that. What area are you wanting to stay in?
It doesn't really matter just someplace moderately priced with free wifi.
i recommend avalon. can i book for you?
Can I have their phone number? Do they have free parking?
their phone number is 01223353071 but they don't have free parking.
Now I need a place to have some fun
There are lots of options.  One place I could recommend is the Funky Fun House.  Would you like some other recommendations?
Anything will do as long as it's a nightclub in the centre. 
I have a few entertainment attractions, though I'm not pulling up any nightclubs. Can you be more specific, please?
Yes I am looking for a nightclub in the city center and I need their phone number and entrance fee.
The ballare nightclub phone number is 01223364222 and the entrance fee is  5 pounds.
Do you know of any cheap indian restaurants?
There are 4 to choose from.  Would you prefer the centre or north?
I would like it to ideally be in the center.
I have the kohinoor, the gandhi, or mahal of cambridge. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, could I have a table for 1 please? 
sure, first let's figure out which restaurant you would like. kohinoor, the gandhi, or mahal of cambridge?
let's try the gandhi.
What day and time will you be coming in?
I will need a table on wednesday at 18:15.
i will book you up, welcome
I need the reference number for the booking. Also can you help me find a train going to Cambridge Wednesday? 
I have booked a table for 1 at The Gandhi. Your reference number is  WJBOROQR. Can you give me more information about the train you need?
I need a train on Wednesday from stevanage to cambridge.  It needs to arrive by 10:45.
The TR4626 could get you there by 10:43, does that work for you?
Absolutely! What is the travel time?
Travel time is 49 minutes. 
Would you like me to book it for you ?
I believe I am to book that for you, shall I book it?
No, thank you. I need to check some other things before I book. 
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No that is all for now.
There are two other trains that arrive earlier that day if you are interested.  Would you like that information as well?
No thank you that will be all. 
Thank you for using ours services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes thank you. That is all I need.
thank you for using this service
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that is also in the south part of town.
You have your choice of Italian or Modern European, do either of those sound good? 
Italian sounds good. May I please have the phone number of a restaurant that you recommend?
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton sounds perfect for you. They're located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way. Is there anything else I can for you?
Could you also help me find a place to stay?
How's you budge? could you like a cheap, expensive or moderate place?
Price isn't important. I need free parking and wifi. It also should be a 3 star hotel. Can you find one in the same area as Pizza Hut?
The only 3-star accommodations in the center is the Gonville Hotel. It's expensive, but a great place to stay. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like to book a room.
How many nights will you be needing?
Actually the wife just told me she already booked.   I just need info on a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel.  Need to leave by 02:15
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	grey toyota Contact number	:	07404040949 
Thank you for all your help.
your welcome and enjoy your stay in cambridge!
I'm looking for places go to in the south of town.
The attraction types in the south area are theatre, park, nightclub, museum, cinema, and entertainment. Which one are you interested in?
I am interested in cinemas specifically.
The Cineworld Cinema is in the South part of town. Their phone number is 00872208000. Would you like their address?
Yes, please give me the address and postcode.
It's located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way and the postcode is cb17dy
Excellent. I'd also like a train please. One that leaves from london liverpool street to cambridge. 
There are 70 trains that leave from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge, what day and time would you like to leave?
The first train after 21:15 works for me. I need to book it for three people, please provide the reference number.
I can certainly book that for you! However, could you let me know what day of the week you'll be travelling?
I will be traveling on Monday, and I will need the reference number as well.
That would be TR5906 at 21:39 on Monday. 
Thank you so much for all your help.
I have booked 3 tickets for you for 49.8gbp payable at the station. your reference number is ETOI91ON
Great! Thank you. What a relief.
Will you be needing anything else today?
No thank you. That is everything I need at this time.
Great, have a wonderful day!
Yes. I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. 
curry prince serves indian food, in the moderate price range and in the east part of town. 
Is there any other restaurant?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton is in the east part of town and serves moderately priced Italian food.
What is the address?
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton phone number is jesus lane fen ditton, is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm excited about seeing local tourist attractions!!  Can you help me??
Absolutely we have 79 locations, do you have a style you'd like to see?
I'm looking for a hotel called Cityroomz, do you know anything about that?
Yes, it's located at sleeperz hotel, station road.
Yes I would like to book a room for 1 person for three nights starting on Tuesday. 
I was able to book you a room for three days starting on Tuesday. Your reference number is NZ2XYT90. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also find a nightclub in the west? 
There are no nightclubs in the west. Another type or place perhaps?
Well, could you look for a college?
Churchill college has a lot going on at night, that would be a good fit, would you like more information?
Sure can I get the phone number to this college?
The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else i can help you with ?
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi from the hotel to the club, leaving the hotel by 19:45. Can you please help me with that?
I was able to find a taxi it will be a white ford and the number is 07987674109. Can I assist you with anything else today? 
no that will be all
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It's a been a pleasure to help you, I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hello, I'm trying to take a train on Wednesday that leaves from Broxbourne. Can you help me book a ticket? 
Sure I can help you with that. I have train TR0788 leaving at 05:32 and will arrive to cambridge at 06:32.
I really need one that leaves after 11:00.
I have 13, is there a time youd like to arrive by?
It doesn't matter, as long as I can book it for 6 people. I will need the reference number please.
Success! TR5953 departs at 11:32 and arrives 12:32. Your reference number is EQCLFB3Q. 
Thanks, I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant.
Sure, which part of town are you interested in eating at?
I'd like to eat in the city centre, if possible. Got any reco on Chinese places?
We have four: HK Fusion, Sesame Restaurant and Bar, Ugly Duckling, and Tang Chinese.
Pick one for me. Book it for the same group of people at 18:45 on the same day.
I am sorry but I was unable to book you at any of those restaurants.  Would you like to try another time?
Are any of those expensive? 
They are all expensive. Would you like to try an early time?
Try it for 18:45 on the same day Wednesday, and please give me the reference number. It will be for 6 people.
I have booked a reservation at HK Fusion. Your reference number is XO4S9CL7. Do you need anything else?
That should be it. Thanks for your help!
You are quite welcome!
Hello. Can you help me find a hotel in the North of town?
I have 2 hotels in the north, would you like to book one?
Are either of them moderately priced? Do they include free wifi?
We have 2 hotels and 8 guesthouses that match your needs. Do you have additional requirements?
Could you book me into one of the 2 hotels please.
How about the ashley hotel? How many people in your party?
But I'm not sure from what you said - is the Ashley priced moderately, and do they have free wifi? We are 3 people and we'd like to stay 4 nights.
Ashley hotel is moderately priced and has free wifi. What night would you like to begin your stay?
I would like it to start Sunday. 
You have your reservation at the Ashley, reference number BOF076G4.
Thanks so much for your help.  Bye.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I need a train leaving after 8:15 going to stevenage.
Is that leaving from cambridge? What day would you like to leave?
Yes, I'm leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.
TR8913 will leave at 9:21 and arrive by 10:10. Do you want to book a seat? It will cost 12.80 pounds.
No that is all I need for now.
Do you need help with anything else? Hotel, attraction, etc?
Yes, a place to stay/  I am treating myself so make it an expensive one with free parking. 
Can you tell me what area you would like to stay in please?
Any area would work. It needs to be a 2 star hotel.
The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge meets your description. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please book it for me.
I'd be happy to help. Is it just you, or will you have other guests? And for how many days will you be staying?
I do not want to book  it. I just need the postcode. 
Their postcode is cb13lh. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed.
Ok great, have a fantastic day!
Hi, I'm really looking forward to coming to Cambridge. You have an Express by Holiday Inn, right?
Yes we do have one Express Holiday Inn. Would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes please, two people and one room with two beds for next Saturday.
Sure, how many days would you like to stay?
I just need their postcode and price range please. I will book it myself later.
No problem! The postcode is cb13llh and price range is listed as expensive. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am also looking to visit The Fez Club during my stay. May I have their phone number?
Sure. Their number is 01223519224. May I help you with anything else?
I need a taxi to take me from The Fez Club to my hotel please.
I can book that for you. Can you give me a departure time?
I want to leave the Fez Club by 17:00. 
I booked a red Volkswagen to pick you up at The Fez Club by 17:00.  The contact number is 07404417573.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. That was it. Thanks for your help!
Thank you, goodbye.
Hello, can you recommend attractions in the Centre of town, please?
I would recommend the Cambridge Contemporary Art museum. It is located at 6 trinity street and it also has free admission. Is there anything else that you need?
What is their postcode?
That postcode is cb21su.
Thanks. I also need an expensive place to stay that includes free parking. 
Okay, what area will you be staying in?
I'd also like my hotel or guesthouse to be in the centre of town.
What is your star rating preference? 
I really do not care anything will do
I recommend the University Arms Hotel on Regent Street. Would you like to book a room?
I want want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Where and when do you want to the taxi to pick you up ?
Can the taxi pick me up at the hotel by 07:30?
 Booking completed! Booked car type	:	yellow honda Contact number	:	07397168594 
Thank you for all of your assistance.
Thank you have a nice day.
I'm looking for information on an attraction called lynne strover gallery. 
It's in west and it is free to get in. Is that all? 
What type of attraction is Lynne Strover Gallery and what is the address of the Gallery?
Lynne Strover Gallery is a museum located at 23 high street, fen ditton, postcode cb30aq. Do you need anything else?
Yes I need a train departing Cambridge after 16:30.
I can help you with that. What's your destination and what day and time would you like to leave?
It is going to peterborough and should leave on thursday and I need it to leave after 16:30.
I have the TR8132 which leaves at 16:34. How many tickets please?
I would like 4 tickets please.
Tickets are 16.50 pounds each.  Would you like me to reserve your tickets?
I am looking for Italian food on the south side of the city.
Do you prefer moderately priced or expensive? 
No preference, please.
I have Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton which is in the moderate price range and Frankie and Bennys which is in the more expensive price range. Which would you prefer?
I'll pass on the Pizza Hut. Yuck. Let's go with Frankie & Benny's. Can I get a table for 1 on Sunday at 12:15 please? 
Your table is booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is C6EU44QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I wanted the reservation for 12:15, is that what you booked for me? 
Yes, you have a reservation for 1 person, at 12:15 on Sunday, at frankie and bennys. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need. Thank you!
Great! Enjoy your meal, let me know if I can help with anything else.
I am looking for a train departing from london kings cross.
There are 70 trains departing, what is your destination?
I would like to arrive in Cambridge on Tuesday by 17:00.
Of course. When would you like to leave?
It does not matter as long as I am in Cambridge by 17:00.
Sure, train TR0269 arrives by 16:08. That is the last train to arrive by 17:00. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please book the train for 4 people.
That booking reference will be F6JIDI3M. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I needed. Thank you.
Okay.  Glad we could help.
I want to take a train to cambridge on monday, what's available? 
I have several possibilities for Monday.  Can you specify your destination so I can narrow down my search?
I am going to Cambridge, from Birmimgnham New Street. 
OK, when do you want to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave after 17:00. When would I arrive?
There is train leaving at 07:40 that will arrive at 10:23,do you want that train?
Yes. Please book that train.
Booked 1 ticket! Reference number: TFI0LLL4. Fee is 75.09 GBP to be paid at the station. 
Great! Is there a restaurant called la raza near by?
I was able to find it on 4 - 6 Rose Crescent in the centre of town.
Great.  I would like to book a table for 5 people at 21:00 on the same day, please.
They are all booked up during that slow. Could you do it at another time or on another day?
How about 20:00?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3L30ZTQN.  Is there anything else you need help with?
Nope, that's all. Thanks a bunch!
Your welcome! Have a good day.
Could you help me find a restaurant? I am looking for a place that serves quality Italian food an affordable price. I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide.
There are several italian restaurants that meet your needs. Would you like cheap or moderate price range, and do you have a preference as to the part of town?
It should be cheap and in the west.
la margherita is cheap and in the west
That will work for me. Can you book it for 16:30 on wednesday for 6 people? I'd also like the reference number please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : E2AMPTJ6. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a place to stay in the West. The hotel has to have free parking too. 
There are four places that meet those criteria. Is there a particular price range you'd prefer?
I would like it to be a cheap place, I also need free wifi. 
What day would you like to check in?
I just am looking for the star rating, phone number, and address of one and don't need a reservation at this time.
I have the Cambridge Belfry hotel with a 4 star rating and a guesthouse called finches bed and breakfast also with 4 stars. 
Great thank you so much!
You are quite welcome! Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Could you tell me whether there are any moderately priced catalan restaurants?
I was unable to find any moderately priced Catalan restaurants. Is there another type of cuisine you would like to try?
Yes could we try one that serves British food?
I have more options of moderate british cuisine locales, any particular are you'd prefer?
No the area doesn't matter. I'd like to book a table for 7 on Sunday.
Okay. how bout trying The Oak Bistro?
Ok, book that place.
sure, how many people will be in your party?
We have seven people.
great, and what day and time?
It will on the same day for 3 nights.
3 nights... for the restaurant? You can only book a single day, did you want to book a hotel instead?
i'm sorry i didn't mean to confuse. i was thinking of something else. can i book the oak bistro on sunday for 7 people at 12:45?
I have your booking, the reference number is U8011RCM, any further questions?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like a 4-star hotel.
Okay, I have three 4 star hotels available. Two are located on the west side and 1 in the centre. Do you have a preference for the area?
I do not have a preference.
Ok! I suggest the University Arms Hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Does it have free parking and wifi? If so yes book it for 3 nights the same day please.
Yes, it has free wifi and parking. How many will I be booking for?
go ahead and book and give me the referrence number
I want to be sure I have the right information.  You want a booking for 7 people for 3 nights, right?  What day will you be arriving?  
I will be arrving on sunday
Booking was successful the Reference number is : Q36UES95. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.
What time would you like to leave?
So I can arrive at my location by the booked time you made. 
Your taxi has been booked!  Your car is a Black BMW and contact number is: 07460105806. 
I need to find the addenbrookes hospital.
Are you looking for a particular department?
No, that's fine. Just the location with postcode, please.
The postcode is: CB20QQ
Okay great. Thank you.
You're very welcome!
There's an attraction I'm looking for in Cambridge.
Ok, are you looking for a church?
No. I am looking for an attraction called Downing College. 
Downing College is in the centre on Regent Street.  The number is 01223334860. It is even free!
Great! Thanks so much for the info. I am also hoping you might help me find a restaurant in the centre. 
There are many wonderful restaurants in the city centre. Do you have a price range?
yes. it should be moderately priced.
Were you interested in a specific kind of cuisine? 
European would be a nice change.
Okay there are four matches for your request. May I make a suggestion?
Yes, I would like your suggestion.
The Galleria. Shall I book it?
Yes, for 7 people please
What time would you like?
At 12:45 please.
I also need the day in order to book it.
Thursday, please.  Thank you
I have booked for 7 people at the Galleria. Your reference number is  8YPDWI4I. Can I be of further assistance today?
That is all I need. Thanks.
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for a place to stay. I want to make sure it is 4 stars and includes free parking. Can you help with this?
Of course! There are 19 places that fit that description. Is there an area or price range that you prefer? 
I would prefer something moderately priced in the centre of town
Unfortunately, I don't see anything that fits your needs. Would you like me to try another area? 
Hmm, yes I suppose I could try one on the north side of town. Are there any?
Yes, there is a total of 6 places to stay in the North side of town. Would you like me to book you into one?
Yes please, whichever you prefer.
OK. I can do that for you. I need number of people, length of stay, and day of arrival. 
Actually, I don't think I'm ready to make a reservation just yet. Does the location on the north side of town have 4 stars, free parking, and moderate prices?
Yes, there are 6 places that will meet your needs. I suggest the Kirkwood House. Would you like any more information about it?
Just the postcode please.
The postcode for Kirkwood House is cb41da. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need, thank you!
OK, have a nice day.  Bye.
Are there any 4 star hotels in Cambridge?
How many days will you stay and how many people will be staying with you?
Firstly, before that, I need a hotel that includes free wifi and parking, and needs to be in the cheap price range.
There are 8 options. Do you want to specify hotel type or area?
A hotel is fine if you have it please.
The only hotel that fits is on the west side. It's called The Cambridge Belfry. Does that sound like it will work for you? I can book it if you like.
That is fine. I need it for 8 people starting Monday for 4 nights. Can I please have the reference number as well?
The booking was unsuccessful? Would you like to try for a different day or a different number of days?
Can you try it for 2 nights?
They do indeed have rooms for you for two nights. Your reference number is QX5FHJVD. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Can I get a train to the Stansted Airport?
What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Wednesday after 21:00.  What options do I have?
There are 3 trains that are going to the Stansted Airport after 21:00.  We have train ID TR4364 that leaves at 21:40, should I book that for you?
Yes, please. I would like to book tickets for 8 people on that train - how much will that cost?
Yes the total cost of 8 tickets was 80.80 pounds. I have a booking reference number for you. It is WQTGD7S4. Thank you for calling.
What is the arrival time for that train?
The arrival time is 22:08. Do you have any other questions?
Thank you for your assistance! Have a good day!
Enjoy your trip. 
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves basque food. 
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants matching your request.  Would you like to try something else? 
How about british food?
There are several moderately priced restaurants that serve British food.  Do you prefer a particular area of town?
I don't care. Give me their phone number.
Cotto is a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre that serves British food. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, please.
The phone number for Cotto is 01223 302010. Do you need any further assistance?
Nope! Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Good bye.
I need to book a train that departs after 14:30 from Broxbourne please. 
Where will you be traveling to? I have multiple options for trains leaving after 14:30 from Broxbourne
I need a train to Cambridge, please.
And what day are you traveling?
I'll be leaving Broxbourne Tuesday.
How many tickets?
I don't need to book right now. Could you just give me the train ID.  I'll need one that leaves after 14:30 Tuesday.
The first available train on Tuesday leaves at 14:32. The train id is TR9417. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Im looking for a guesthouse that has free wifi and has 4 stars.
There are quite a few guest houses in Cambridge that would meet your needs. Do you have a preferred price range or area of town? 
No preference on either. Can you recommend me a place and can I get a postcode for that guesthouse? 
The warkworth house is a great choice for you, should we book a room? The postcode is cb11ee.
Yes, that sounds great.
How long will your stay be and when will it begin?
I'm not sure, actually. Just doing some research. Could you tell me what the price range is on the Warkworth?
It appears to be moderate.  Is that ok?
Yes that is fine.
OK, it seems to have 4 stars and offers both free internet and free parking.  Is there any other information I could get for you?
No thank you. That is it.
Okay, glad I could be of assistance.
I am in the market to book a hotel tonight.
Okay I can help you with that. What area will you be staying in and what is your price range?
I'll be on the north side and it should have free wifi.  I'd like a guesthouse please.
The Avalon guest house is nice.  It is at 62 Gilbert Road.  Do you need a reservation?
Do they have free parking and can I get the phone number please?
They do not offer free parking at the Avalon. Their phone number is 01223353071. Can I reserve a room for you or is there anything else you need?
Yes I need train tickets leaving cambridge on sunday
May i please know you destination, preferred time of departure and arrival so i filter the results i have.
I am leaving kings lynn anytime after 12:00
The TR5507 train matches your description. The price is 7.84 pounds. How many tickets would you like?
What is the arrival time for the TR5507?
The arrival time of the TR5507 is 12:58. 
Thanks you've been a great help.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I am looking for a hotel to stay at in Cambridge. Can you recommend a place on the east side?
How about the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
does it have free wifi and parking?
Yes. The Express by Holiday Inn has both free parking and free wifi. Would you like to reserve a room?
Could you please provide me the phone number of the hotel?
Yes.  The phone number is 01223866800.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train on Saturday.
There are many trains available. Where is your departure and destination?
From cambridge to norwich.
We have 19 options available to you. Is there a specific departure or arrival time you prefer?
I need to leave after 8:15, please. I also need the travel time for that
TR1062 leaves at 8:36 and the ride would last 79 minutes. Should I book that one for you?
No, I think I can do that myself. Thank you for all your help today.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You too, thanks!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs?
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant to eat at in the north.
I've found a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant. Which one do you prefer?
Chinese would be great!
If you tell me a day and a time you would like to reserve, I can book that for you.
I would like a table for 8 people at 17:30 on Wednesday
Then booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to  try the Indian restaurant?
Okay, that sounds good. I'll need a reference number.
It's booked, your reference number is 5YBVERXA.
Thank you so much for your help.
No problem. I hope you have a great day. Good-Bye!
I am planning a trip to town and want to sight see a bit. Can you let me know some attractions I may be interested in?
There are 79 attractions in the city. Do you have a specific type of attraction or specific area of the attraction that you are interested in?
I'd like something in the centre.
Great! How about All Saints Church? It has fantastic architecture and free entrance. Would you like more information?
Could I get the address for it? I would also like an expensive place to eat around it. 
The address is Jesus Lane. What type of food would you like to eat?
I'm in the mood for Caribbean food.
Unfortunately, there are no expensive caribbean restaurants in that area. Would you like me to check a different type of cuisine, or another area?
Yes, I also love turkish food. Is there something in the center that's expensive? Also, what type of attraction is All Saints Church?
The Meze Bar Restaurant is an expensive Turkish restaurant in the city centre.  The All Saints Church is an architecture attraction.
Can I have the phone number, address and postcode for the restaurant please?
I don't have a phone number available, but the address is 196 Mill Road City Centre, postal code cb13nf. Anything else I can do for you? 
Great that's all that I needed to know, thank you!
You're welcome, feel free to contact us about anything else you need.
Can you help me find train tickets?  Thanks!
When would you be traveling? 
I need to leave on Wednesday after 11:45 please.
Where are you bound, and where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Kings Lynn and headed to Cambridge. 
There is no train leaving kings Lynn.
None, can you check the spelling and search again?
TR7040 will leave at 12:11 and arrive 47 minutes later at 12:58. The trip will cost 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book this train?
No, I'll book it myself but you can help me get some information on the thanh binh restaurant
There is no listing for this restaurant
Hi, yes, I'm looking for a 4 star hotel to stay in. The only amenity it has to have is free wifi. 
Sure, the Cambridge Belfry fits that bill.  It has great reviews and is cheap.  Can I get more information for you?
Does that also have free parking?  And I forgot to mention I'd prefer a guesthouse.
In that case, the Cambridge Belfry would not work. It's a hotel, not a guesthouse. The Acorn Guesthouse has wifi, parking, is moderately priced and has 4 stars.
Book for me 1 person and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
Your booking was successful.Your reference number is : 6UPHIRT7. Is there anything else you need help with today?
Yes I am looking for someplace to eat that serves Scottish food that is in the expensive price range.
I'm afraid there aren't any scottish places in town. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Is there a French restaurant?
i have 2 places that serve french food and are expensive. one is restaurant two two. the other is cote. which would you like?
I'll book a table for Cote.  1 person at 16:15 on the same day as the hotel booking.
I have made the reservations and your reference number is 4WK86HPM.
thanks alot. have a good day
You're welcome! Have a great day as well.
Hi, I'm trying to plan my trip in Cambridge and I need to find a train for Saturday. Can you look up train schedules?
I sure can!  We have several trains headed there on Saturday, do you have a specific time you would like to leave?
Yes, is there anything available after 11:00 that departs from london liverpool street and goes to cambridge?
There is a train leaving London Liverpool Street at 11:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:07. Would you like me to book you some seats?
Yes, I just need one though. Please provide the reference number.
Booking was sucessful. Your train is TR7909 and the reference number is DI7P07SO.
Thanks so much.  Can you also recommend a Chinese restaurant for me?
Jinling noodle bar looks good, would you like to book there?
I need an expensive one on the north side. 
In that case I recommend Hakka. Would you like a table?
Yes, will you reserve me a table for 1 at 15:30 please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 7CW2TPPQ.  Anything else I can help with?
Can I confirm that you made the booking for Saturday?
The booking has been made for Saturday at 15:30. The reference number is 7CW2TPPQ.
Ok, thank you so much for the help. That's all for now.
Okay great, have a good day!
Can you get me information on a attraction called emmanuel college?
Yes, it is a nice college in the city centre, located on Saint Andrew's Street.
Okay thank you.  That was all I needed to know.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Are there any good eastern European restaurants in the centre?
There are many places to dine Do you have any preferences ? 
Do any of them serve eastern European food?
There are 8 restaurants in the centre that serve European food. If you want to go with something cheap, I would suggest the River Bar Steakhouse and Grill.
what about eastern european food?
I'm afraid not. Would you like to look for a different type of cuisine?
Chinese is always a good standby when in doubt, lets look for a chiense place.  
There are several, do you have a price range in mind?
Moderately priced please.
Jinling Noodle bar is a great moderately priced chinese restaurant in the centre.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes please make that for 4 people at 15:00 on a Sunday.
Reference number is : JKLWFR30. Is there anything else?
Thank you, goodbye. 
Your welcome.  Have a good day.
I would like to book a taxi to hughes hall please.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from the river bar. 
What time would you like to leave by?
I would like to arrive by 19:00 if possible.
Great, I have booked you a white Honda the Contact number is 07767407244. Anything else I can help you with.
nope thats all thanks
It was my pleasure to assist you with that. Hoping you have a great day. Goodbye. 
I would like a restaurant in the centre and in the moderate price range.
The Yippee Noodle Bar is a moderate priced Asian Oriental restaurant.  Does that sound good?
No, the restaurant should serve modern european food.
Sure I have at least two choices for you. One is the De Luca Cucina and Bar and the other is the Riverside Brasserie. Both are located in the center. Would either of them interest you?
Let's try the Brasserie.
If you'd like a reservation I will need to know what day and time you'd like your reservation and how many will be in your party.
Just 1 person at 13:15 on thursday
You're all set your reference number is IVGZLYTZ
Thanks.  That's all I need!
Alright, thank you. Goodbye!
I need a train that arrives in Cambridge by 16:30.
On what day are you traveling?
Friday, departing from Stevenage. 
The latest train from Stevenage to Cambridge on Friday that will arrive by 16:30 leaves at 13:54 and arrives at 14:43. Would you like me to book it?
that is fine. how much is the ticket?
12.80 pounds per person, do you still want me to book you?
No but I need information on a restaurant called loch fyne.
What would you like to know?
Do they have any available tables for 3 at 20:15 that day?
We can certainly book that for you.  Would you like a reservation and a booking for the train?
Please book me a table for the restaurant and provide the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ENJNFM36.  Can I be of any further help to you today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for train tickets, can you help with that?
Yes, Where will you be arrive from and going to?  I also need a date and time.
I want to go to peterborough and depart from cambridge. 
There are many trains going to peterborough from cambridge. What day and time do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave Thursday after 8:30 please.
I have train TR6009 that leaves at 08:34 and will arrive in Peterborough at 09:24. Would that work for you? 
What is the travel time?
The travel time is 50 minutes. 
Are there any 2-star hotels (not guesthouses) in the south that have free parking?
No, I'm sorry there aren't any hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to try a different area?
Is there anything in the north?
In the north, I have 2 places. The first is the Ashley Hotel and the other is the Lovell Lodge. Did you need me to book you a room? 
Yes please book me a room for 4 people for 2 nights starting from Tuesday.
Booking was successful at ashley hotel	. Reference number is : DHVIHB9V. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks, that was all I needed.  Goodbye.
Have a nice day. Thank you for contacting us.
Hello, I am looking for information about a restaurant called rice boat.
Rice Boat restaurant is located on 37 Newnham Road. The phone number is 01223302800. The restaurant serves upscale Indian cuisine.
Ok, I need to make a reservation for Monday at 13:30.
OK. How many people should I book the table for?
I need it for one person for Wednesday at 13:30.
You are all set!  Your reference number for the reservation is: TAI3KD9O  Will that be all for you today?
Can you also help me find places to go in the center of town like a college?
There are 13 colleges in that area. Christ's college is free and located on Saint Andrew's street.
Great could I have their postcode please?
Sure! The postcode is cb23bu. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything you have been so helpful, hope the rest of your shift goes well for you.  
Thank you for using our services.  We are happy to help. Have a wonderful day.
I'm actually looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indian food
curry garden is a nice place to dine. Do you want to book ?
Is that in the west area. I really would like to be in the west.
Here is one in the west. Will this work for you maharajah tandoori restaurant.
Great. I would like that. Can you book us for 8 people on Thursday at 16:45?
Done! Your reference number is 2AYFR5LL. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a hotel. I need free parking. It can be an expensive place.
There are quite a few hotels that meet that requirement. Do you have a preference on what part of town you'd like to be in?
I really don't. Do you have any recommendations?
I will recommend the huntingdon marriot hotel to you. It is a 4 star hotel with free parking and wifi and has excellent reviews though expensive.
Does that include free wifi?
I cannot find the info on free wifi or not, I apologize.
It should be right there under internet...
My mistake. Yes, there is free internet. Would you like for me to book it for you?
I don't want to book it just yet.  Thanks for all your hard work.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's good thank you for all of your help.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Can you find a place to go in the east?
It's what I do! Are you hoping for something fun, like Funky Fun House, or more relaxing, like the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch?
I think I would like the relaxing option. What kind of place is it and where is it located?
That is a swimmingpool and located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a restaurant
I'll be happy to help with that. What kind of food are you looking for?
The restaurant should serve indian food.
There are 22 indian restaurants in cambridge. Do you have an area of town or a pricerange in mind?
I would like one that is in the expensive range.
curry garden is a nice place in the centre. 
Great! Can you please book a table for 7 people at Curry Garden? Do they have any openings for 19:15 on Monday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : L9QZ3HMU. Will there be anything else ?
Thank you so much!  I'm really looking forward to this dinner!  
I really hope you enjoy it.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be it. Thank you so much. 
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Goodbye
I am looking for information in Cambridge  
I'd love to help. In the future, these hits require more effort. Want something in the north? 
Actually I need a train to Cambridge from Kings lynn on Saturday after 17:00.
The TR1499 leaves at 17:11.
can you book it for 3 and give me the reference number please ?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.52 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 7FJ6TZUM.
Thank you. I am also looking for a 4 star hotel located on the west side of town. 
There are three 4 star choices in the west part of town.  Two cheap and one expensive choice.   Do you have a preference? 
Price doesn't matter but I need it to be a hotel.
Huntingdon marriott hotel would be great for you. Would you like reservations?
Yes, please. I will also need the reference number.
I'd be happy to help you book that, I will need the day you're arriving, how many people and how many nights?
It will be 3 people and 3 nights
What day would you like your reservations to begin?
That same day that the train is. 
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is NK5JAGZB, is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!
Great. You are welcome to use this service again should you need it.
Can you please help me find a cheap hotel to stay in that includes free wifi?
The Cambridge Belfry is the only cheap hotel in town that has free wifi. It's in the west side of town at back lane, cambourne. Do you want a reservation?
I would like a little more information about the Belfry hotel. does it have a 4 star rating?
Yes, it does have a four star rating. Would you like to book a room?
No but what is the address?
The Cambridge Belfry is located at Back Lane, Cambourne.  Can I help you with something else?
No thank you that will be all
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a moderately priced Japanese restaurant.
I'm sorry, but there is no restaurant serving Japanese food and in the moderate price range. Would you like to try another type of food or a different price range?
How about modern european food? 
There are 3 restaurants serving modern European food and in the moderate price range. Would you like the south or centre part of town?
I do not have a preference, please make a suggestion. 
de luca cucina and bar serves modern european food and is in the moderate price range.  Their phone number is 01223 356666 and they are located at 83 Regent Street 
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the system.
I am looking for information in Cambridge
Ok sure. What would you like to know ?
I have an upcoming conference in Cambridge and need to figure out transportation. Can you tell me about a train to take maybe?
Absolutely. Where are you heading in from? What day?
I'll be leaving London Kings Cross and heading to Cambridge.  I need to be there by 10:30 on Tuesday.  Can you book this for 3 people? Reference please?
I have a train arriving at 10:08. Would that do?
yes. book for 3 people.
Alright got you booked on train TR4987, the total fee is 70.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 9UPRWUHB. Anything else I can help with today?
Yes I am looking for someplace to go in the south for entertainment.
we have two options, can i reccomend for you?
Which ever is nicer. I will need some info on it too. 
I recommend tenpin it's in cambridge leisure park, clifton way postcode cb17dy and their number is 08715501010. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help, it's much appreciated.
Thank you for using our service!
Get me information about kettle's yard please
Certainly! Kettle's yard is a museum located on the west side of town. Their address is castle street and their phone number is 01223748100. Is there anything else?
Do they charge an entrance fee?
They do not charge an entrance fee. Can I help with anything else?
Thanks, can I have the post code, please?
Sure. The postcode is cb30aq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a train that leaves after 11:45 going to ely.
Are you departing from Cambridge?
Yes on thursday
OK, TR5216 leaves at 11:55 would you like more info or a booking?
Can you please book me for 3 people?
You are all set, the reference number is V0HLEDJW, can I help with anything else?
You have answered all my questions. I appreciate it. Goodbye.
Have a lovely day too.!
Hello, I am looking for an Indonesian restaurant. Can you help me with that?
I'm so sorry, but I don't see any Indonesian restaurants. Will another cuisine do?
Oh really? Indonesian is the only cuisine I will consider.
My apologies, but there truly aren't any indonesian restaurants listed in all of Cambridge. Would you consider one that serves oriental or indian food?
how about one that serves italian food?
there are 22 of them. what is your price range?
It should be in the cheap price range and in the centre of town.
I have three to choose from. Would you like me to suggest something?
Yes, please. Which would you consider to be the most authentic?
pizza hut city centre is nice
I will try that.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you get me a table for 3 at the pizza hut?
Sure!  For what day, time and how many do you need it for?
I will be there on thursday at 5 pm. 6 people please. 
Ok.  I was able to get you a table for 17:00.  Your reference number is N5G8UXRG.
I'm also looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 08:00.
what is your destination and which day could you like to travel?
I want to go to Stevenage, on Sunday. 
The train leaves at 5:00.
Can you make a booking and give me its reference number?
Actually, it's at 5:21. If you still want to take that train, how many tickets would you like for me to book for you?
Yes, 3 tickets please. 
Wonderful! I have booked 3 tickets for train TR5390 to stevenage on Sunday and your reference number is QKQURGH5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all I need today.
Okay, great! Have a lovely visit!
I want a train leaving from cambridge.
Okay, and where are we headed?
I am going to London Liverpool Street and I'd like to leave on Monday. 
Sure thing, what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 14:00. 
I would recommend TR3929 which leaves Cambridge at 05:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 07:27. 
That works, can you book it?
Very good, sir, I've booked your trip successfully. Your reference number is QOWR4OO3.
i'm  also looking for places to go in town. 
There are many attractions to choose from. To help narrow the results down, are you interested in architecture, colleges, theatres, museums, or parks?
I would like to go to a cinema in the area you recommend please. 
I would recommend cineworld cinema
Sounds great can I get the address. 
sure its cambridge leisure park, clifton way, anything else?
What area of town is that in? Also, could I get the train booked for 4 people?
Cineworld Cinema is located in the south. I've changed the train booking to 4 people, the reference number is now WA2NPOY7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything for today. Thank you.
You're welcome. If you think of anything else you need, don't hesitate to contact me.
Hello. I'm planning a trip to cambridge soon and would like some information about sidney sussex college please.
They are a wonderful college located in the centre of town. They offer free admission. They are located on Sidney Street, postcode cb23hu. Their phone number is 01223338800. 
Will I be able to find it with just the street name?  Is that the full address?  Sidney Street?  Please provide me with the full address.
Yes, it is just on Sidney Street.  I don't know the number but it is very prominent.  You won't miss it.
OK, thanks! I'm also looking for a cheap place to stay that has free parking.
Ok, you have about 10 different choices. Do you have a preference as to what area you would like to stay in? 
Yes, I am looking for one in the East and it should be guesthouse type.
Alright, I have 3 guesthouses that matches your need. They are the Allenbell, Autumn House and Leverton House. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
Can you tell me how many stars they are and if they have free internet?
All of them have a 4-star rating and offer free wifi and free parking. Can I book a room for you at one of them?
Yes, please book a space for one.
For how many days, and starting when would you like?
Actually I will book it myself.  Allenbell sounds perfect.  Thank you, this is all I needed.  
Please don't hesitate to let us know if you need anything else.
You've been very helpful.  Goodbye.
Thank you! If you need anything else don't hesitate to contact me again!
I'm looking for a place to eat christmas food
Unfortunately, I am not finding anything that serves christmas food. Would you like me to try another type of food?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves Indian food.
Do you have a price range or area preference?
any range is fine. 
Do you have an area preference? 
I'm sorry, but the price range should be moderate. The area doesn't matter. I just need one that is available for 3 people at 13:00 on sunday.
I was able to get you a table at Rajmahal in the east part of town at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, reference number FRFMWN4U. Anything else I can help with?
Are there any good attractions in the centre of town?
There is Holy Trinity Church on market street
Okay great, could you give me the phone number and postcode?
Yes. Their postcode is cb23nz and you can call them at 01223355397. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you very much.
You're welcome, have a wonderful day! Goodbye.
I'm looking for some places to go in Cambridge. Specifically some time of architecture in the east.
I am not showing any architecture attractions in the east. Would you like me to explore other areas?
A museum in the east would be nice if possible.
There are 4 museums in the east. I can recommend cambridge artworks.
Can I please have the address, phone number and postcode for Cambridge Artworks?
Cambridge Artworks is located at 5 greens road, post code cb13ef. Their number is 01223902168. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a train that leaves on monday after 13:00.
There are 118 trains that leave after 13:00 on Monday; where would you like to go?
To kings lynn. I'm leaving from cambridge if that helps.
I have train TR0793 leaving Cambridge at 13:11 and arriving at 13:58 on Monday. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, book it! Three other people will be with me.
It's all booked your reference number is PC0RQN1T
Thank you very much, that was everything that i needed.
You're welcome. Thanks for using our services.
I got injured and need directions for the clinical decisions unit department
Oh dear, I'm sorry to hear that! The Clinical Decisions Department only lists their phone number with us, it's 01223596203. However, we can book an appointment for you.
I need the post code.
The hospital postcode is CB20QQ.  Would you like us to go ahead and book an appointment?
No, that's all I need.
OK.  Hope all goes well for you.  Bye.
I am looking for an expensive hotel to stay at in Cambridge, please.
There are 5 to choose from (two with 4 star ratings). Which side of town would you like to be close to?
I don't care what part of town, just so that it has a 4 star rating. 
There are two options - the University Arms Hotel in the centre and the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west. Do you have a preference?
The University Arms Hotel. Can you book that for 5 nights please?
What day would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
Myself and my wife will be staying 5 nights starting on wednesday.
Great! I've booked that for you. Your reference number is 8Z83650O. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I am also looking for the restaurant Frankie and Bennys, I need the phone number, price range, and postcode please.
Absolutely! The phone number is 01223412430 and the postcode is cb17dy. It is expensive / upscale price range. Would you like me to make a reservation? 
That's all I needed, thanks so much for your help.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Know anywhere that has european food?
Sure, there are lots of good European restaurants in town. Is there a price range that you prefer? 
Yes actually, can we find something in the moderate price range?
How about the Galleria in the town centre?  I could make a reservation for you if you wish.
That would be greatly appreciated. I will have one other person with me, this will be on sunday at 18:15. Also could i get the reference number?
You are all set for Sunday.  The reference number is 7W544X5O.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
No, you have been very helpful.  Thank you.
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
That should be all I need, thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
Thanks I appreciate it.  Bye!
Alright, thank you. Goodbye.
I'm going to be needing you for a restaurant recommendation.
Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
yes. it should be cheap and serve african food.
The only restaurant I have that serves African food is expensive. Would you like to search for something else?
Could you check a cheap Italian place to eat, in the Centre?
I am showing 3 of them. Zizzi cambridge is really good. I can give you more information if you would like.
I will go with them, can you book 3 people for 12:30 on saturday?
I've made those reservations your reference number is XWB8F4FL.
i also want to go to a cinema in the centre.
I have the vue cinema located at the grafton centre, east road.
i will go with that
welcome andenjoy yourself
Can I get the postcode and phone number?
The postcode is cb11ps and their phone number is 08712240240. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I need today, thanks! Goodbye!
You have a good day!
Hello. I'm looking for a place to dine tonight. I wouldn't like anything expensive, and I'd prefer something in the city center. 
Great, I've found 15 different restaurants that are cheap in the centre. Is Would you like a chinese Restaurant?
Yes, a Chinese restaurant would be great. Could you please give me the telephone number? 
The telephone number to a cheap Chinese restaurant in the city centre is 01223361763.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Would you like me to book something for you?
No thank you. I will call them myself.
Can I do anything else for you today?
Yes, I would like to find a cheap place to stay that has 4 stars and has free parking. 
I have found 8 places that match what you want, would you like me to book one of them for you?
No thanks, but I do need the phone number of one of those hotels, please. Oh, and can you tell me if they have free wifi?
Allenbell has free WiFi, and their phone number is 01223210353
Thank you, now all I need is transportation from the restaurant to the staying place. I would like to leave at 24:15. 
I have booked White Skoda taxi service to take you from the Chinese restaurant to the hotel.  Their contact number is 07692230366.
Thank you.  Can you verify what type of vehicle will be transporting us?
Yes, it will be a White Skoda.
Thank you for your help today, it is greatly appreciated.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope. Thats it. Thanks. Good day to you. Bye. 
Your are very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
Could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel in the east part of town and it needs free wifi.
Would you prefer a proper hotel or a guesthouse? There are 7 places to stay with your chosen criteria.
I have no preference, but the place does need to include free parking.
The Allenbell guesthouse fits your preferences. It's located at 517a coldham lane, postcode cb13js. The phone number is 01223210353. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I need to make a reservation there for 8 people, arriving Friday night and departing Wednesday morning.
I have six places with that criteria, is there a star rating you prefer?
No, but I need a place that has free wifi and I would also like a reference number for the booking, please.
I'm sorry, but the hotel has no vacancy for that stay. Would you like to try a shorter stay?
I guess you can try for four nights.
Ok, I was able to book your stay for four days. Your reference number is QNV935PQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in town specifically a college. 
What part of town would you like it
I am looking for a train departing out of Norwich to Cambridge, please. 
Certainly. What day and time would you like to travel on?
I'd like to leave on friday after 08:15
TR3293 will leave at 08:16 would that work for you?
That would be perfect. Can you book that for 5 people and give me a reference number?
Ok, I've booked 5 people on TR 3293.  Your reference number is BBG39TVV and your total due is 88 GBP payable at the station.  Anything else I can do?
I need a place to stay too.
How about guesthouses? Or would you prefer a hotel? How long is your stay and how many rooms?
We will need the guesthouse for 4 nights starting friday and will need 2 rooms.  Thank you.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast in the centre is an excellent choice. Would you like to make reservations?
What is the price range of the Alexander Bed and Breakfast? 
The price range on the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap. Would you like to book a room?
No, actually I need a hotel in the expensive price range.
I have no expensive guesthouses, but I do have the University Arms Hotel that is expensive in the centre of town, rated 4 stars with wifi and parking.
Could I get the postcode and phone number?
Sure, their phone number is 01223351241 and the postcode is cb21ad. Can I assist you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant by the name of Royal Standard. Do you know where it is?
Yes, royal standard is in the city centre at 290 Mill Road.
Great.  Could you please book a table for 1 at 16:30 on Saturday?
I was able to make a reservation for 1 at the royal standard. Your reference number is: FZP2XK9Q. Do you need anything else today?
No, that is all I needed, thank you so much.  Bye.
You're welcome. Thanks for allowing me to help. Goodbye!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. Any kind of food is good with me; I would just like to know the phone number of the venue you find. 
Restaurant Alimentum's phone number is 01223 413000.
Can you tell me what type of food they serve? 
Restaurant Alimentum serves modern European food.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're very welcome. Have a good evening. 
i am looking for somewhere to go in the centre of Cambridge 
Oh, I suggest my favorite!  It's Holy Trinity Church, beautiful architecture, and it's located on Market Street.  It's free.  Would you like their phone number?
No, Is that a museum or a church.
It's actually not a museum, but considered an architecture attraction. Were you interested in a specific type of attraction?
no. also find me  a hotel by the name warkworth house
The Warkworth House is a guesthouse in the East, it's moderately priced and rated 4 stars.  I would love to assist you in booking a room if you would like?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a room for Monday for 5 people, 3 nights?
Yes your reference number is 53LJQ4H6.
Thanks! Can you suggest to me something to visit that isn't a church or architecture? Maybe a museum or a park?
There are 5 parks in town. Did you have a certain area you prefer?
I think we would like it to be in the centre of town please.
Cambridge university botanic gardens is a beautiful park. Its located at bateman street, costs 4 pounds to get in. Phone 01223336265, cb21jf. Will you need transportation? A train, taxi or bus?
Actually, I will need to book lodgings as well.
I have you at the Warlworth house. Would you like to change the reservations?
No. That's perfect! Thanks for your help. Good bye.
have a good day
I need information on a restaurant called saffron brasserie please.
Absolutely. It is an indian restaurant located in the centre. It is in the expensive price range.
I would like to book a table for 5 people at 17:45 on Wednesday. Also could you give me the reference number?
I was able to book you a table at the restaurant. It will be reserved for no more than 15 minutes. Is there anything else i may help you with?
Yes I'll also need a place to stay as well as a reference number for my reservation.
There are several guesthouses/hotels that are available. What price range are you looking for?
I am not looking for a specific price range but I do need it to have free wifi and free parking.
There are 25 lodging options that have both free WIFI and parking, do you have an area in mind to stay in?
I would like a guesthouse on the east side of town.
There are 5 such places. Do you have a preferred price range?
No, I'll take the address for the first one listed.
Sure thing - The Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane, cb13js. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, thank you!  That'll be all for today!
Alright, have a nice day.
I need a restaurant in the centre that serves asian oriental food. 
sure, i have 4 options for you
I need something in the cheap price range.
Okay, how about j restaurant?
Sounds great! Please book a table for Sunday at 16:00 for 6 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : QYJ31P1Z.
Thanks for all your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, actually. I'd like to find a guesthouse with free wifi.
I have so many. What area would you like to stay in?
It does not matter but please find a guesthouse in the expensive range and include free parking. 
There are no expensive hotels in the area. Could we look at a moderately priced one?
Actually, how about a cheap one?
What area of town?
In the centre. 
how about el shaddai, it seems lovely.
Great! What is their postcode?
The postal code is CB11eg. May I help you with another aspect of your stay at El Shaddai?
No thank you that will be all
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I needed.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I need a place to stay, some hotel with 4 star rating and free parking. 
great, i have 19 options for you!
I would like for it to be in the cheap price range and also offer free wifi.
Okay, I recommend Autumn House which is located in the east. Would you like a reservation?
yes, i would like to book that for 5 people, we want to stay 3 nights starting thursday
The room is booked for you!  Your reference number is: JZXS562J  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also looking for a cheap Indian place to eat. 
There are 4 options. Would you prefer to eat in the centre or in the north?
I'd prefer the centre, please.
How does Mahal of Cambridge sound?
Do you have the phone number?
The phone number is 01223360409.
What is wrong with me, I also need the address and postal code, I dont know why I didn't just ask all of that at once.
Not a problem at all! The address is 3 - 5 Millers Yard Mill Lane, and the postcode is cb21rq. Anything else for you?
Yes, I need a taxi please to commute between the two.
Where would you be getting picked up?
That hotel we discussed earlier. 
MAy i have a leave time ?
I would like to leave by 11:15 please.
A white Ford will pick you up at 11:15. The contact number is 07196946340. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it for me. Thanks! Bye
Your welcome! Good bye.
I want the address to the Autumn House hotel in Cambridge.
Sure, the address is 710 newmarket road.
Please check to see if there any rooms available on Sunday for 5 nights.  I will need 7 rooms.
They were able to accommodate your party. Your reservation is made, reference number TD6A4S20.
Thank you can you find me a place to eat too?
Sure, I can help you with that.  Is there a certain type of food you were looking for? 
Never mind on a place to eat.  Can you help me find info on the Cambridge Temporary Art attraction?
The cambridge contemporary art attraction free and in the centre. The address is 6 trinity street, phone is 01223323222.
Thank you very much.
My pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all thank you?
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b
May I help set a booking for you?
Does the hotel have free parking?
They offer parking but I am unsure if it is free, but their phone number is 01223312843 if you'd like to call and check with them.
Hmm. Okay. Could you help me find a train? I need to leave on Sunday.
And when would you like to leave by?
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by 14:00.
Where are you traveling from and to?
I am traveling to cambridge  from broxbourne.
TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive at 13:01. Would you like to book this train?
 Can you book it for me and get a reference number ? 
It is done, your reference number is YNUEX070 and you will need to pay 14.32 GBP at the station.
Thanks very much for your help today.
Was that everything you needed?
I'm awful with math, what is the travel time on that train?
60 mins would be the total duration.
Thank you for informing about the total duration.
You're welcome!  I hope I've answered all of your questions.  If you need further assistance, please give us a call.  
I'm hoping to find Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is located at 53 Roseford Road. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes. I need a reservation for 3 people for 2 nights starting from Saturday.
The booking was unsuccessful.  Is there another hotel you would like me to look into?
Yes can you find a different hotel in the same price range?
I am sorry there are no others in that price range in that area. Would another area be okay?
Yes, try another area, please.
Alexander bed and breakfast was able to be booked reference number is YUX0ZQKU.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you for using our system today!
I am looking for information in Cambridge 
And *I* am looking to give you information. Perfect match! What would you like to know?
Can you find me alpha-milton guest hotel?
It is located in the north at 63 milton road
Well I'm not certain. I was hoping you could tell me. Is there more than one guest hotel named alpha-milton?
No, just the one.  Can I help you with any other information?
no, that's all. thanks! goodbye
Thank you for allowing me to assist you today. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with a moderate price.
I apologize, I don't have a hotel listing. We could try a guest house or a more expensive hotel?
How about a guesthouse in the moderate price range then.
Sure, there a few of those.  What area would you like to stay in?
Actually, I don't have a preference on area. Can you suggest a place? I need to book a room for Saturday. 
Sure, the acorn guest house is a nice place and it includes both free internet and parking. How many nights would you need?
3 nights starting from saturday.
Okay and how many people will there be?
There is going to be 7 of us
Your booking is complete. Your confirmation number is PXPA2RWI. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant named saigon city.
Sure, what information would you like about saigon city? It's located in the north.
I need a table on Saturday for 7 at 17:15 there.
I could not book that for you. Would you like to try another time?
How about 16:15?
Certainly. You're booked with reference number 1AMB3XQD. May I help with anything else?
Can you help me book a taxi from Acorn Guest House to Saigon City? I need to get there by my reservation time at 16:15.
I booked a black volvo, Contact number	: 07551977875.  Is there anything else I can help you with? 
That's everything I needed. Thank you.
Great! Enjoy your stay! 
Can you help me find a train going to Peterborough that leaves after 08:45? Thanks!
I can absolutely help you with that, what day will you be planning to travel and where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Sunday.
TR3211 leaves Cambridge at 09:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 09:56. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
I actually need 3 tickets.  Please provide a reference number. 
I booked you 3 seats on the TR3211 train departing Cambridge at 09:06. Your reference is YU1AWA94 and 39.59 GBP is due at the station. Will that be all today?
I am also looking for the hotel A and B guest house.
What would you like to know?
Do they include wifi, and can I get the postcode and phone number?
The A&B Guesthouse does offer free wifi!  And the phone number is: 01223315702.  The postcode is: cb12dp.
Hi, can you help me with my trip planning?  I am looking for places to go in town.
Sure, what kind of places are you thinking about?
How about a museum?
May I recommend Byard Art in the south?
Yes, thanks.  Can you give me the postcode and phone number?
Here you go, the postal code is cb21sj, and the phoen number is 01223464646.  Can i help with anything else?
yeah i also need a place to stay.
Can you give me an area and price range preference?
I would like it be in same area as the attraction and have a 4 star rating.
I recommend the aylesbray lodge guest house.  Shall I go ahead and book you a room?
No thank you. I would like to know if they have free parking, their phone number, and their address.
Okay, they have free parking and internet.  The address is: 5 Mowbray Rd.
I'd like to find a train that leaves Monday and arrives by 19:00.
Very well. Where are you traveling from, and to where?
I am departing from birmingham new street, going to cambridge.
I have a train that departs at 15:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:23. Will that do?
That would work just fine. Could you tell me the price and travel time for that train? 
The TR5385 has a travel time of 163 minutes. Would you like me to book you some tickets?
No, I don't want to book today.  Could you just give me the price for that train?  I think that is all I need today.
Sure.  The price of those tickets are 75.10 pounds each.
Great! That's all I need. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!
Hello, I'm hanging around town tomorrow due to an appointment and want to do something fun while I'm there. I'll be on the town centre most of the day.
There are plenty of things to do, are you interested in museums or architecture?
Either or would be fine! 
I would suggest architecture as there are several churches in the area. Do you prefer something with free entry? 
I am open to anything.  Can you just pick a church and give me the address and entrance fee?
Sure.  Holy Trinity Church is free and is located on market street.  The postcode is cb23nz.  Can I get you any other information today?
That's all I need. Thanks.
Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the north.
Absolutely! What type of food are you looking to eat and is there a specific price range?
I want some light bites food, and cheap if possible.
I haven't found anything. Is there another cuisine you're interested in?
how about one that serves italian food
da vinci pizzeria is a good choice! Would you like a reservation?
Yes  I would like to book a table for 2 at 12;30 on Thursday please.
Your reservation has been made. The reference number is 6BL860WY.
great, thanks for your help.
Is the anything else I can help you with ?
Hello, can you give me some information on a train?
I absolutely can. Where are you looking to go?
I plan to go to Cambridge and will be departing from norwich on Saturday and plan to ride a train that should arrive cambridge by 16:00.
Okay, there are several departure times that fit what you're looking for. The earliest is 5:16. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you give me the travel time, departure time and train id for the one arriving closest to 16:00 please?
Train id is TR2602, travel time is 79 minutes and the price is 14.08 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a 4 star hotel in the expensive price range.
We have huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and university arms hotel in the centre, any preference?
It needs to have free parking.
They both have free parking. I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Can I book this for you?
Hello there.  I am traveling to Cambridge and am most looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants.  Can you help me find a good one?
I can definitely assist you.  Did you have a type of cuisine or price range in mind?  
Something moderately priced.  I don't have a cuisine preference. 
I have 31 moderately priced options available. Do you have a particular area you're interested in?
Yeah, preferably in the center of town.
There are 21 different options in the centre of town. If you are looking for a great recommendation, I suggest The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. They serve amazing food.
Excellent that sounds great.  I'm also looking for something to do. Can you find me an attraction in the same area of The Cow Pizza Kitchen? 
We have lots of attractions in the Centre. What type are you looking for?
any that you willrecomend. i also want a taxi
I recommend the Holy Trinity Church on Market Street.  Can you give me a day and time you need a taxi?  I can get one for you.
I need the taxi to commute between the restaurant and attraction. I need to leave the attraction by 04:30. 
I have the taxi reserved for you.  It will be a white Honda.  The contact number is 07053284393.  Can I help with anything else today?
Thats all I need today, thank you.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Hi, I'm trying to find a good place to eat. I heard about restaurant alimentum. What can you tell me about it?
They are a great modern european restaurant located in the south. They are moderately priced. They are located on 152-154 Hills Road. Can I reserve a table for you?
I am not quite ready to reserve a table, but may I have the phone number for this European restaurant?
Their phone number is 01223413000
Thank you. I also need to find a place to stay in the East.
What sort of place to dine would you prefer?
I am looking for a moderate priced guesthouse with a 4 star rating in the east.
I have found three moderately priced guesthouses in the east with four star ratings.   Would you like me to book one for you?
Can you just get me the phone number, address, and postcode for the one you recommend?
the a and b guest house's number is 01223315702, the postcode and address is cb12dp at 124 tenison road. Anything else?
That's all, thank you very much!
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Hi, I'd like to book a train to stansted airport from cambridge. Can you help?
Absolutely. Where will you departing from?
From Cambridge, which is why I asked the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
What day would you like to leave? 
On Saturday.  Is there a train that will arrive by 15:15?
There is! TR7213 leaves at 05:40 and arrive at 06:08 it is 10.10 pounds. Can I book that for you?
No need to book it. Thanks. But can you help me find a cheap restaurant in the south? 
Sure - The Lucky Star serves Chinese food and Nandos serves Portuguese food. Do either of those sound good?
The Lucky Star sounds good. That's all I need.
Would you like to book a table?
Can you also tell me the postcode?
 Sure. The post code is cb17dy.
Thanks for your help. Good bye.
You're welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
Are you looking for something in particular?
Yes. It's called the Golden Wok.
Ok.  Golden Wok is located at 191 Histon Road.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
book a table for 8 people at 15:45 on tuesday.
Okay, your booking was successful.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, and your reference number is X31YFN1Y
Thank you. I also need to find a train.
I'll be happy to assist you with that. Where would you like to depart from and go to?
I will be departing from cambridge to norwich on Wednesday and the train should arrive norwich by 16:45
TR0031 leaves cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55. Total travel time is 79 minutes. The cost is 17.60 pounds. Will that meet your needs?
yes, thats all tge info i need thanks
Would you like to book tickets? Or is there anything else I can help you with today?
yep your awesome thanks
Okay, glad you enjoyed! Have a good day.
I need to find a hospital please.
The nearest hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. The general telephone number is 01223245151. Do you need a particular department?
No, that will be all. Good bye.
Okay, have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay. It needs to be in the north but it doesn't have to have free parking. 
What is your price range?
I am looking for a cheap 4 star hotel on the north.
Worth house is a cheap guesthouse in the North. Will that do?
Yes. Is there on in the moderate price range as well? To compare. 
Sure thing! There are seven 4 star moderately priced guesthouses in the north. maybe you would like to book on of these
Can you pick your favorite and book a room for me? There will be 8 people, and we'll arrive on Thursday and spend 3 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : RI83HXK1. do you need information about the hotel?
No, but I need to find a train. I'm looking to travel on Friday to London Liverpool Street. Can you help? 
No thanks a lot it is enough
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 08:45.
I found 231 trains that fit your request. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Birmingham New Street on Tuesday. 
TR0254 Leaves at 05:40, would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Please tell me about the ticket pricing and time of travel
The price is 75.10 pounds and it is a 163 minutes ride.  Can I help you with anything else?
Please book 6 tickets and send me the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : G368B2VI.  Can I help with anything else today?
Yes please. I need a 3 star hotel that offers free wifi
I found two expensive hotels, one in the centre and one in the south of town. Do you have a preference?
I would like to stay in the centre of town please.
What price range and what star rating are you looking for ?
I would prefer a 3 star rating, price range isn't important.
Okay there are two options, the gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel
I want the hotel located in the centre, as I stated before.
The Gonville Hotel is in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a room or is there anything i can assist you with? 
please just send me their postcode. thank you
The postcode is cb11ly.
Thank you for all your help.
You are quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
How do I find the closest police station?
Hello! It is located at postcode CB11JG. If you need directions I recommend calling them at 01223358966. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you. So that is post code and phone number for the nearest police station, right?
That is correct, you have a good day.
Can you help me look for train leaving from Stevenage? 
Absolutely! What day will you be traveling?
I need to leave after 14:45 on Thursday.
TR1596 leaves at 15:54 and gets into Cambridge at 16:43.  Will that work?
I am also looking for some entertainment in town. 
there are a variety i will book for you the one you like it is a pleasure to serve you
Hi. I need help finding a hotel. Can you help me?
Yes, I can!  First, do you have a particular area of town you are interested in?
No and it doesn't need internet or free parking. I would prefer a moderate price though.
In that price range, I have 3 different options for you. All are hotels. I have two in the north and one in the centre of town. Which do you prefer?
Does one of those options come with free wifi?
The ashley hotel and the lovell lodge provides free wifi.
Lets try booking the Ashley Hotel. I need it for 2 people starting Monday for 3 nights please.
I was able to book your party of two into the Ashley Hotel for 3 nights starting on Monday. Your reference is X21XYR7K. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need to book a train.  I need to depart from stevenage and go to cambridge.
What day and time will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Monday, anytime. The train will need to be booked for 2 people also.
I have train TR9175 leaving at 5:54 and arriving at 6:43. Would youlike to make reservations?
Yes please book it.
I booked it for you. Your reference number is V93OC1AL.
Great, how much is that ticket please?
That will be 12.80 pounds.  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
No thank you.  That was all I needed.  Good bye.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
We are in cambridge for a visit and looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre. Are there any expensive Italian restaurants in the centre?
Definitely! I recommend Caffe Uno, at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. 
Can I please get a table reserved for 8 people at 12:45 on Sunday?  Also, I'll need the reference number please.
OK, I made your reservation for 8 people on Sunday. Your reference number is 8K44KA03.
Thank you.  Also, I'm looking for info on an attraction called the sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway.
Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway is a park in the South part of town at Fen Causeway, Newnham Road. The postcoe is CB22AD. 
Does it have an entrance fee?
No, it's free to get in!
Great! Can I also book a taxi from the Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway to the restaurant to get us there before our booking?
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	blue honda Contact number	:	07946418606 
Thank you that's all the help I need today. 
Great. I hope you have a wonderful trip!
Hi, I'm looking for a particular restaurant named Bedouin. Can you help? 
Yes. Bedouin serves african food and is is located in the centre. 
Can you book me a table for 3 people at 20:00 on Wednesday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : N332O6JK.
Great, thank you so much. That'll be all for today. Bye!
Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day.
I'm looking for an attraction to visit. How about a college? 
There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
The area doesn't matter but can you provide me the entrance fee of the first 3 on the list.
Christ's and Churchill are both free. Clare will cost 2.50 pounds to visit.
Thank you!  Could you give the addresses to those 3 colleges?  I'm also looking for a restaurant called royal standard.
Christ's college is on St. Andrew's Street, Churchill is on Storey's Way and Clare's is on Trinity Lane. I found the Royal Standard, would you like a table?
Can I get the phone number and area for the Royal Standard?
Their phone number is 01223247877.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need the area for that as well. 
The royal standard is located in the east side of town.  Do you need any other information?
Yes please, Can I have the phone number and the area it is in please.
Sure.  Royal Standard is located in the East part of town and you call them at 01223247877.  Do you need a reservation?
I do not need a reservation yet.
OK, is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's it thanks.
Have a nice day!
I need some help finding a place to eat.
Well, we have a large variety of restaurants here, 110 in total! What type of food would you like? What is your price range?
I would like moderately priced turkish food.  If you find one please book a table for 2 at 16:30 on saturday.  Also provide a reference number.
There are two restaurants that meet your criteria: anatolia and efes restaurant. Do you have a preference?
A restaurant that serves turkish food.I also need a train that departs from bishop storford and goes to cambrdige. 
I have two matching that criteria. Would you like me to pick one for you?
The train needs to arrive by 08:15 on Saturday - does one of them meet that criteria?
I am sorry. Are we looking for a train or dining? I have both for you. Let me know. 
Firat, lets book the anatolia for 2 people on Saturday at 16:30.
Okay dining or train. I am doing my best to help but I can't get you to specify what you need.
Listen.  Book the restaurant Anatoli for 2 people on Saturday at 16:30 right now.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : I4ZWILZE.
Thank you.  Now I could use a train leaving Bishops Stortford and arriving in Cambridge by 8:15.
I have train TR6163 leaving at 5:29 and arriving at 6:07. Would you like to book that?
YES!  Make a booking for 2 people RIGHT THIS INSTANT! 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.16 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : YVA5YLP1. anything else?
No that's all, you've been helpful. 
Is there anything else I can search for you today?
No, that was it for now. Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you. Enjoy your dinner. 
I'd like details about trains leaving from Cambridge and going to Ely. 
There are 70 scheduled trains on that route. Do you have a day or time you wish to travel?
I'll be traveling on Monday and I would like to leave after 15:00.
What time do you need to arrive by? 
It doesn't matter, just so it leaves after 15:00.  I'll just need the train id and arrival time please. 
the TR7177 leaves at 15:50, do you want tickets?
No thank you. I would like to know the arrival time, though.
The arrival time is 16:07.
Thanks. Can you also find a museum ?
Is there a certain area of town you would like to be in?
No, whatever your recommendation is. I will just need the area it's in and the entrance fee please. 
people's portraits exhibition at girton college in the west is very interest, the entrance fee is free.  Do you need more info?
No thanks. That gives me all I need. Take care. Goodbye. 
Thank you for allowing me to assist you today.  
Yes I am looking for a train that is leaving monday to leicester
What time would you like your train to depart?
I need it to arrive by 12:15. I don't know how long the ride is?
Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from cambridge. 
There is a train that leaves at 9:21 and will arrive by 11:06 would you like me to book it?
Yes, for 3 people please.
Booking was successful the total is 113.4GBP and can be paid at the station. Your reference number is EKI0YZF7.
Can you also give me some information on museums in the east area? I need postcode and phone numbers. 
I have 4 different ones. The best in that area is the Cambridge Artworks. It's located at 5 greens road. Their postcode is cb13ef. They offer free admission also. 
That sounds great. Could you give me their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223902168.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks, that will be all.
Great. Have a fantastic time! Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Hi I would like to find a moderate priced place to stay with free parking.
There are 14 results which fit your request. Do you want information for the places with a 4 star rating?
I'd like a 4 star hotel in the south, yes.
The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House fits your needs. It's a moderately-priced, 4-star guesthouse in the south. I can book a room for you, if you like!
That is a guest house?
Yes this is a moderately priced guesthouse.
Thanks so much.  Also can you provide me information about a restaurant called the copper kettle?
I have that here. What would you like to know?
what area is it in?
South would you like me to book it for you ?
I'm trying to find a hotel called Allenbell. Can you help?
Yes Allenbell is located on 517a coldham lane in the east. Would you like me to book a room for you?
book for me bed and breakfast for five people from tommorrow. 
How many days will you be staying?
Actually don't book it just yet on second thought.  Can you advise how many stars it has and the price first?
The Allenbell is a 4 star guesthouse in the cheap price range.
I need a a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the west and should serve italian food. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range
I would suggest Prezzo then. Would you like for me to  book it?
Yes I would. For 5 people on tuesday at 19:45.
I was able to get that table booked for you for Tuesday.  The restaurant will hold the table for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is ISYR3HNC.
Thank you so much, goodbye! 
you're welcome, have a great day!
I need a train on Monday.
Sure thing, got a destination or time you'd like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 8:30 in Cambridge. 
Where will you be departing from?  
Oh, sorry.  Departing from Broxbourne.
I have two trains available leaving at 05:32 and 06:32.  What time would like to leave?
Is the travel time and price the same for both of them?
Yes they both have a travel time of 60 minutes and cost 17.90 pounds per ticket.
Okay... I'll keep that in mind.  Oh, I also need to find a restaurant, preferably in the east area and serving Indian food. 
We have 4 matches. Do you have a price preference? 
No preference on price, please recommend any indian restaurant in the east part of town. 
the curry prince is a good choice. It is in the east and the price range is moderate. would you like  me to book it for you?
Yes please, for 3 people at 17:30.
What day would you like the reservations?
Same day, Monday.
Table for 3 at the Curry Prince on Monday at 17:30. They will hold your table for 15 minutes after your reservation time. Your confirmation number is P7ZBBM9K.
Perfect, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help.Have a great day.
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel in the north.
I would recommend the Worth house on Chesterton Road.  Would you like the number?
Does it have free wifi and a 4 star rating. I need wifi, and I'd like a nice rating. 
I have a listing for worth house that fits what you are looking for,can I make a booking for you?
Is there availability for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday?
I have you booked for Thursday at the Worth House for 5 nights with 5 people!
Great.  What is the reference number?
My mistake, booking was actually unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Is there another hotel in the same general price range?
With all other parameters the same, unfortunately not. Want to try different parameters?
Any hotel, in the north, cheap. Nothing else matters. 
City centre north b and b.Reference number is : B2H3YYF4. Will you need anything else?
That is all.  Thank You.
Great. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.
am  looking for a train. The train should arrive by 18:00 and should go to stevenage.
Can you provide me with your departure site? 
I am departing from cambridge on Tuesday.
There are many options available. Is there a certain time you would like to leave?
What one gets me there before, but closest to 18:00?
Train TR5343 arrives at 16:10. It is the closest to your required arrival time. Would you like to reserve any tickets today?
No, I have decided not to book today, thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Hi, what are some places to visit in Cambridge?
We have many different attractions in cambridge. What sort of place are you looking for, and in what part of town?
I am looking for a swimming pool, in the east part of town.
Sure, there is abbey pool and astroturf pitch in the east, address is pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. What else can I help with today?
Please give me their phone number and entrance fee. 
I don't have information on their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223902088.
I am also looking for a train leaving on Tuesday from Broxbourne after 17:15 headed to Cambridge.
You have 7 trains, starting with TR6368 at 17:32.  Would you like to book that one?
What is the arrival time?
Train TR6368 arrives in Cambridge by 18:32. Do you need anything else? I can help book a trip for you if you like.
That'd be great, thank you.
I'd be happy to book that for you. How many tickets will you need, just one?
Just one please.
I booked you on TR6368 at 17:32. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you. 
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice trip!
I'm planning a trip and I need a train departing from broxbourne on thursday. 
What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave after 09:45.
The first available train from Broxbourne leaves at 10: 32. Would you like to make a reservation? 
No, I just need the train ID, travel time, and price, please. 
The train ID is TR5979. Travel time is 60 minutes and price is 17.90 pounds per ticket. Anything else? 
Will there be available seats? 
How many tickets do you need and I can check for you.
No thank you. I will worry about that later. I also need a lebanese restaurant in the centre. 
Okay, Ali Baba matches your preferences. Would you like a reservation?
Can you make me a reservation for Thursday for 7 people at 19:00?
Okay, your Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  The reference number is OXUW2L23.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, that will be all.
Perfect, glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for an expensive hotel, but it doesn't need free parking.
Unfortunately there are no hotels available that fit that criteria. 
What can you recommend? And please I need free wifi.
There are 5 expensive hotels with free parking. I recommend The Gonville Hotel which has a 3 star rating.
Does it have free wifi? Is it in the north?
It does have free wifi, but it is located in the centre, there are no expensive hotels in the north area.
Check for one in the moderate price range with that criteria. Book something for 1 person for 4 nights starting on monday. 
Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I am looking for a hotel please.
Ashley hotel is in the north in the moderate price range with a 2 star rating. Free parking and wifi also. Does this suit you to book your stay?
Yes, what is the reference number?  I also need a train that departs from Cambridge by 12:30 can you assist with that?
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful for the hotel
Will you please try to book the hotel for 2 nights starting from Monday?
Ok you are booked for 2 nights starting on Monday at the Ashley (Ref# MIFN5IXJ). What else can I help you with?
Yes I also need to find a train out of Cambridge that arrives by 12:30 in norwich.
Which day do you require the train?
Wednesday. I will need 1 ticket.
I have booked Train TR9635 departing at 10:36 and arriving at 11:55. Reference# UN7QY0L4. Will you be needing anything else today?
No, that's it.  Thanks!
Alright, thank you and goodbye!
Where is Rosa's bed and breakfast hotel located in the Cambridge area?
rosa's bed and breakfast is located on the southend. Any other information I can provide?
i want to know its star rating price range,
Rosa's is a cheap 4-star guesthouse. Are you interested in booking a room?
what is the price range? i am also interested in a place to go and should be in the centre
Rosa's is cheap.  What type of attraction are you hoping to find?
I am open to whatever you suggest as long as it is in the centre area.
Let me suggest the museum Regency Gallery. It is in Centre and free. Does that interest you or shall we keep looking?
That works great. Can I have the postcode and phone number?
Yes, the postcode is cb11er and phone number is 01223365454
Thank you.  That was all I needed. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today. 
I am looking for places to go and I would like something in the centre.
I have many options available in the centre. Is there a particular attraction type you are looking for?
I am looking for any type of attraction in the centre, just need the entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type.
I recommend all saints church. It is some nice architecture. There is no entrance fee and the phone number is 01223452587.
Great. I'm going to need a hotel too. It needs to be cheap but have a 4 star rating.
Sorry, there are hotels with that criteria. Would you like me to modify the area or some other part and look again?
I would like it to be in the same area as all saints church.
There are no cheap, 4 star hotels located in the same area as the All Saints Church. There is a guesthouse though that is cheap and has 4 stars. 
Can you check again?
Sure. No. There is only a guesthouse called Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
I guess you can book that then.  For two nights starting on Friday.
How many people will be staying in the room?
There will be 5 of us.
Great. I've booked your room for 2 days starting Friday. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I also get a taxi to commute between the locations?
Absolutely! When would you like the taxi to pick you up? 
I'd like to leave by 6:30 am.
Your taxi is booked.  Look for a yellow lexus.  The contact number is 07461535393.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thank you for all of your help!
You are welcome. Have a pleasant stay.
How many museums are in town?
We have 23 museums here.
Could you choose the best and give me their phone number?
The Cambridge Artworks is on the east side of town and their phone number is 01223902168. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a place to stay.
What area would you like it to be in?
I would like the centre.
Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel, and what's your price range?
A hotel please.  I don't care about price.  I do want free parking and 0 stars.
I am sorry but I can find no matching hotels for your request.  Would you like to try a guesthouse or a different star rating?
How about one that has a star of 4?
university arms hotel meets your requirements.
Ok that will work I need the phone number please. 
Yes, their phone number is 01223351241.
Thanks a lot. 
Can I look up anything else for you?
Nope.  That is all I needed.  Thanks!
Hope you have a wonderful stay here in Cambridge!
Hi, where can I find the Autumn House hotel?
The Autumn House Hotel is located at 710 Newmarket Road which is on the east side of town. Would you like to book a room there?
Not yet but can I get the postcode and address please?
Address is 710 Newmarket road with a postcode of cb58rs
Thank you. I also require information on trains going into Cambridge next thursday.
I can certainly help, where will you be departing from, and do you need to arrive or depart at a certain time?
Bishops stortford, it needs to leave after 12:15 
TrainID TR0141 leaves Bishops Stortford at 13:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:07 on Thursday. Does that work for you?
I think so. How long is the travel time for that train? 
The travel time is 38 minutes.
That is all of the information that I needed. Thank you.
We're happy to be of service. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy the rest of your day!
I'd like to find a restaurant that offers Asian Oriental cuisine, in the centre, if possible.
Definitely! I have places from cheap to expensive, though my favorite is Yippee Noodle Bar, which is moderately-priced. 
I would like Yippee.
I'd be happy to make a reservation for you.  What day/time will you be dining, and how many are in your party?
Monday, 19:00, for 6 people.
I have successfully reserved a table for your party of 6 at the Yippee Noodle Bar for Monday at 19:00. Your reference number is XSQHK9YG 
Great, I also need a hotel room if you can help me find something.
Sure. We have several places ready to book. Which part of town would you like?
The west please.
There are 4 in that area do you have a price range or type of hotel you prefer?
The hotel doesn't need to include internet. It should be in the same area as the restaurant. 
I have 5 different options for you. They vary in price range. Did you have a certain price range in mind?
The price does not matter.   Please make a recommendation and book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from the same day.
OK, you are booked in Cityroomz as requested, the reference number is A1ZBLCZ3, any further questions?
no and thank you for your help
Ok, have a great day!
I need a place to dine that is expensive in the centre.
I can help with that.  Did you have a price range in mind? 
Expensive, please. British food.
Okay, I recommend midsummer house restaurant in Midsummer Common. Would you like a reservation?
Yes I would love that. I need to make the reservation for 8 people for 16:15 on Thursday.
Ok, you're all set, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is : 48QP48K1. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for handling the restaurant. I will have time to  check out the town. Do you have multiple sports in the same area as the restaurant?
No, there aren't any multiple sports places in the centre.  Would you like me to check a different part of town?
Why don't you try looking for a college in that area instead please
There are 13 colleges in the centre. I recommend downing college.
Okay, that sounds nice. Can you give me their phone number and tell me their entrance fee?
01223334860 is the phone number, and entrance is free. Anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help!
You have a wonderful day and a great trip.
Hello, I am trying to find a hotel located in the west part of town. Any ideas?
We have two options available. Would you prefer expensive or cheap?
Either would be fine. I would like it to have a five star rating. 
I apologize neither is five stars. Would you like to try something else?
Is there a 4 star hotel available in the west part of town?
There are 2 hotels available. The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the expensive price range and the Cambridge Belfry in the cheap price range. Do you have a preference?
Sure, let's go with the Cambridge Belfry. Please give me its postcode and address.
The post code is cb236bw. The address is Back Lane, Cambourne. Do you want me to book it for you?
No that's fine for now.
Their phone is 01954714600 if you choose to make a reservation yourself, or you may contact me again. Thank you!
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday
Would you like to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to leave after 21:30.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from broxbourne. 
We have 3 options that meet your criteria. All depart within an hour of each other starting at 21:32. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, whichever train has seats available for 7 people.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station.  The train departs at 21:32. Your reference# is UZFW2TAQ. Is there anything else?
Yes, i am looking to book a room at the alexander bed and breakfast. 
I found Alexander bed and breakfast . Do you want to make a reservation?
Yes bookit for the same group of people 4 nights.
What day will you be arriving?
Let's try for saturday, but if that is not available then tuesday would be fine
I was able to book you for Saturday.
thanks can I get a reference number please? 
Your reference number is XVE54KKH. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That will be all, thanks again.
You are welcome enjoy
I am looking for a cheap gastropub restaurant in the centre of town
I was not able to find any restaurants matching your requirements.
How about something in the south and moderate price range?
I'm still not finding anything. Would you like me to search a different part of town or a different food type?
Sure let's try chinese food.
There are 3 cheap chinese restaurants in the centre of town: Charlie Chan, Rice House, or Golden House. Would you like me to book any of these?
I'll take Rice House, what's the postcode?
It's cb12bd. Anything else I can get you?
That's all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the center of the city.
Do you have any specific type of food you would like?
No, I'm not picky as long as the prices are low.
There is a cheap Chinese restaurant called the Dojo Noodle Bar located in the centre of town. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, for 8 people at 18:30 on thursday.
I am sorry but dojo noodle bar is solidly booked at that time. I can try a different time or day for you.
Can you try to book it at 17:30.
All set. Your reference number is K2BO09VQ.
Thanks.  I'm also looking for some entertainment close to the restaurant.  Any suggestions?
I am sorry I do not have any attractions meeting the criteria you listed. Is there another type of attraction or area you would like me to search?
Why don't you try an architectural attraction, instead.
All saints church looks good, would you like to head there?
Yes please. Can you let me know what the entrance fee is too?
Its entrance fee is free.
I also need to book a taxi between the restaurant and the church.
What time would you like the taxi to pick you up from Dojo Noodle Bar?
18:30, please. 
Your taxi is booked. The car is a blue bmw and the contact number is 07239644669. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thanks. 
Awesome, enjoy your trip!
Thanks! I will definitely try to. 
Great! Goodbye and have a nice day. 
I need to book a taxi to come to Nandos City Centre. I need it here by 04:00. 
I'd be happy to book that for you. Where will you be heading?
i'm going to warworth house.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	red skoda Contact number	:	07116555709
Yes, I need help locating Pizza Hut City Centre.
Sure, the Pizza Hut City Centre is located at Regent Street City Centre. Their postcode is cb21ab. Can I help with anything else today?
What is the price range?
They're listed as cheap.
Do you have their phone number?
Yes, it's 01223323737. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm trying to find a restaurant called The Slug and Lettuce. Do you know where that is?
Yes it is in the centre area. 
I'd like to book it for 3 people at 16:45 on Saturday.
Certainly. I have booked you for Saturday at 16:45 for 3 people The Slug and Lettuce. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today? 
Could I get a reference number please?
I am sorry.  I went to get the reference number and now the system is not providing a reference number.  I can look for another restaurant.
I'd like to locate Addenbrookes Hospital, please.
Hills Road, Cambridge
And what's the postcode and the main phone number?
Addenbrookes Hospital has a postcode of CB20QQ, and telephone number is 01223245151. Can I help with anything else?
No, thank you. That is it.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. 
I am going to be visiting and would like a guesthouse.
I have about 24 different options. Let's try to narrow it down. Do you have a preference on price range or area?
it should have star of 0 and should be in the expensive range.
I don't have any hotels that match that criteria.  Would you like to switch up your rating or price range?
Sure, I could stay at a cheap guesthouse.
ok, I have one in the north or in the centre. Which would you prefer?
I will take the one in Centre, can you book that for 8 people starting Friday for 5 nights? I need the reference number as well please.
I have booked the El Shaddai for 8 people for 5 nights starting on Friday.  The reference number is BX3X2XZ1.
Next up I'd like to inquire about a train going to norwich.
To narrow down the search, could I possibly have the date and the departure location for the train and possibly a desired time?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Wednesday and need to arrive by 13:15, please.
Certainly. TR2625 leaves at 11:46 and arrives at 12:55. Will that do?
Yes. What is the travel time, price, and departure time? 
The departure time will be at 11:46 with a travel time of 1 hour 10 minutes. The price is in the cheap range.
That should be all. thank you very much.
The price for you trip to Norwich is 17.60 pounds. Do you have any final question?
No thank you very much. Good bye.
Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Hi I am looking to go see a college while in Cambridge.  Can you tell me about any of them?
I'd be happy to. Any preference on location?
Nope, just tell me the area where your favorite is located, and I'll check it out!
How about Churchill College? It's in the West.
That sounds perfect. Thanks so much!
It's located on Storey's Way.  Do you need any more info on it?
No, I am familiar with the area.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.
Okay, enjoy your visit! Bye. 
Hi! Can you tell me what trains are available on Friday after 18:30?
Certainly, but first I need to know where you are departing from and what your destination is.
I'm going from Stevenage to Cambridge. 
The first train after 18:30 is TR4969, which leaves at 19:54. Would you like a ticket, or more information?
Yes I would like to book it for 8 people and I will need the reference number.
Sure, I have booked your tickets for 8 people, your reference number is : T6B9UNBQ.
Thank you for all your help, that's all I needed today.
You're very welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. 
Have you ever heard of alexander bed and breakfast?
Yes I have stayed there many times.  It is pretty cheap but offers free internet and free parking.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes please book it for 6 people for 4 nights starting wednesday.
Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is: 75UHIUU5.
I am also looking for a train leaving after 08:15 and should be on the same day as the hotel booking. 
Can you tell me where you will be departing from and where you are heading to? 
I will be departing stansted airport and arriving in cambridge.
I have the TR7667 that leaves at 08:24 available. Would you like me to book seats on that?
Yes, please book it for 6 people.
OK, the booking was successful. The total fee is 60.59 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is AK36XDFI. 
Thank you so much.  You have been very helpful.  That is all I need for now.  Bye.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi I am looking for a place to go in the west. Can you help?
I can help with that. What attraction type are you most interested in?
Another sort of attraction. Just let me know the postcode and address.
	cb39et 	cb39et there you are. 
What is this place?  And could I get the phone number?
So sorry for the system error. That postcode was for Queen's College. The address is silver street.
Thank you. I also need the phone number please. 
Their phone number is 01223335511
Thanks! I also need a train to Norwich sometime after 15:00 on Tuesday, please.
Train TR6524 will work for you, can I book you a ticket?
Does it leave from Cambridge?
Yes, train TR6524 leaves from cambridge. May I book it for you?
No. But what is the travel time and when will it arrive?
It would leave at 15:36 and arrive by 16:55.  
That will be fine. Can you help me book this?
I can book it for you.
Please make a booking for 1 person.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4IYVEZIB.
what was the travel time for the train please?
it will take 79 minutes
ok, thank you very much
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you. That's all I need. Goodbye.
welcome any time you need our help
I am looking for places to go in the north area.
I have a boat, park or 2 swimming pools in that area. Is there one you would like to try?
Give me more information about the boat please.
The address to riverboat georgina is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and the postcode is cb43ax. Can I help with anything else?
I'm looking for a place to eat that is in the same area. I want it to be cheap. 
You've got 2 choices in the north for cheap places to eat: Royal Spice serves Indian food, and Da Vinci Pizzeria serves Italian food. Which would you prefer?
Da Vinci Pizzeria sounds good.  Thanks.
For how many do you need this reservation?
I need to book a table for 8 at 18:30 on Monday, please.
Your table is reserved at DaVinci, ref# 6U1JO0B2. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need a taxi that will get me  to the restaurant in time for the booking you just made.
Excellent, I have booked you a taxi, a yellow skoda, and the contact number is 07262084765. Is there anything else I can help with? 
No, I think this is all I need for today.  Thank you for your help today.
You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day! Goodbye.
I'd like a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. 
The Missing Sock serves cheap food in the East part of town.
What type of food is served at the Missing Sock, and what is the address?
the missing sock serves international food, they are located at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
What is the address?
Their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
May I have the street address of the establishment.
The address for The Missing Sock is Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would you like their phone number or postcode?
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Good bye, and please come back to the Cambridge restaurant system if you need further assistance.
Thanks, see ya!
Bye bye.
I would like to find a place to stay with free parking in the expensive price range. 
You have a preference for the location? I have two expensive hotels in the center of town.
I do not have a preference in location.
I have five places. What more may I help you with about them?
Are any of them three stars and including wifi?
Yes there are two options would you like the info?
Can you make a suggestion and make reservations for 1 person for 3 nights starting from saturday?
I recommend the gonville hotel in the centre and will be more than happy to make you a reservation there
Can you please make the reservation?
I  have booked your reservation, the reference number is XYGXD4I0. Is there anything else?
I am also looking to visit a museum in the centre of town. Any recommendations?
Sure. The Cambridge Contemporary Art museum is a really good one and it is located in the center of town.
That sounds perfect! Could you give me the phone number and postcode?
Of course the number is 01223324222 and the post code is cb21su.
Thank you, I also need a taxi. I want to leave gonville hotel by 19:45 and go to the cambridge contemporary art museum. 
A Black Volkswagen has been successfully booked and scheduled to pick you up at the gonville hotel by 19:45 and take you to the cambridge contemporary art museum
Can I get a contact number for the taxi?
The contact number is 07161683700.  Is there anything else I can help you with? 
That is all I need thank you for your time. 
It was my pleasure. Have a good evening. 
can i get a hospital nearby which has a haematology day unit department
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge and has a haematology department. Do you need the phone number?
I need a phone number, postcode, and address
The address is Hills Road in Cambridge, CB20QQ. The phone number for haematology is 01223274679. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you
Here's the main hospital number as a backup: 01223245151. Do you have everything you need?
Yes, that's it. Good bye.
Thank you, Goodbye
I'm looking for a hotel with free parking, can you help me out?
Do you have a preference on a hotel or guesthouse? 
I don't have preference on type of place, but it should have 4 stars.
Do you have a preference for location or price range?
No, I'm not worried about those things, just as long as it has 4 star, free parking, and doesn't need to include Internet.
How about the Acorn Guest House? It meets your criteria and is on the North side of town.
That sounds great. Could I get the postal code, please?
Sure! The postal code is cd41da. Would you like to make a reservation?
I also need a train from Cambridge.
And when are you wanting to depart from Cambridge? 
I'm sorry, I mispoke, I need a train to cambridge. I need to leave ely after 08:30 on thursday. 
I have train TR2029 that will depart Ely at 09:35 and arrive in Cambridge by 09:52. Would this schedule interest you? 
Perfect. I'll need a booking for 4 people.
Your tickets are reserved. The reference number is 7DX9JIIE. The cost is 17.60 GBP payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be it, thanks!
My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that is cheap. Can you help me with that?
You're in luck, I have 9 guest houses available in the cheaper price range. What area of town would you like to stay in?
Does not matter but I do need free wifi and and a star of 0.
There are two guesthouses that meet your needs: city centre north b and b in the north and el shaddai in the centre. Would you like to book one of these?
North B and B sounds nice. Could you book this for me?
How many people are in your party and when will you be staying?
There will be four people. 
And how many nights will you be staying? And what day are you arriving?
I'll be arriving on Saturday and staying 3 nights. 
Your reference number is IREQ1EKT. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train. It should leave Bishops stortford after 12:15, going to cambridge on saturday.
The first train after 12:15 is TR5108 which leaves at 13:29, does that work for you?
Sounds perfect. Please book me enough tickets for the same group of people. Thanks
Your train tickets are all booked! Your reference number is KOOYDYFY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can we increase the amount of people to 8?
No problem, the fee is 64.64 and reference number is B5JCS4TL.
I think that is it, got bookings for hotel and train.
Would you like me to look up anything else for you today?
Nope. That's all. Bye, thanks.
Thanks for calling Cambridge Town Info Centre. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'd like to find a hotel in the centre of town with free parking, please.
Sure thing.  There are 2 hotels available, Gonville hotel and University Arms Hotel.  Which hotel do you prefer?
Which hotel is a star of 3? 
Gonville, shall I book it for you?
Yes, that would be fine.  Please book it for 7 people starting Tuesday for 2 nights.
I 'm afraid the booking was unsuccesful.  Would you like to try another day or a shorter stay?
Let's try it for one night then please
Success. Your reference number is NQF2R59K.
Thank you. I also need a train going to london liverpool street on wednesday. 
Do you have a departure or arrival time you would like?
I am leaving from cambridge and need to arrive at london liverpool street by 08:00 for a meeting.
TR1047 will get you there by 7:27, will that work for you?
Yes please book the the train for 7 people and can I get the reference number.
The Booking was successful, the total fee is 116.2 GBP. Reference number is : 1P1T8F7D. May I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need right now.  Thank you and have a nice day.  Bye
The duration lasts 88 minutes. Have a nice day. 
Hello, I'm trying to find an expensive restaurant in the south. Suggestions?
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway and Peking restaurant service Chinese.  The Taj Tandoori serve Indian, Frankie and Bennys is an Italian restaurant, and Chiquito restaurant bar is a Mexican restaurant. 
Okay, please make a reservation at Frankie and bennys for 8 people at 18:30 on Friday.
Ok I have book you the restaurant for 18:30 friday they will reserve the table for 15 minutes and your reference number is OKHX70US
I also need info on a hotel called the Kirkwood house. 
The Kirkwood house is a guesthouse in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating. It also has free parking and wifi
Thank you for all your help today I think that is everything. Goodbye.
Okay great, have a good day!
Okay, thanks, bye!
Thank you for using our system!
I want to eat chinese food in the centre.
How about Charlie Chan?  It is a cheap chinese restaurant in the centre.
Sure. I would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:00 on Saturday. 
I'm booking you a table for 5 at 11:00 Saturday at Charlie Chan. What name should I place this under?
Book it for XXXX, can I please get a reference number?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Are there any other cheap restaurants in the area?
Not in that criteria, perhaps another area or price range?
Are there any in the same area and price range but not Chinese?
I don't know what I was thinking earlier, we actually have a lot of cheap restaurants in the centre. J Restaurant serves Asian Oriental. Should we try that?
Yes, please try J Restaurant. Asian Oriental food sounds good.
I was able to book you into the J restaurant and your reference number is 87G7FWZM.
Thank you for your help! That will be all. Good Bye.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Any good places to eat in centre?
Were you interested in any particular type of food such as British or Chinese?
We wouldn't mind trying something new.  We'd like to treat ourselves to something in the expensive range.  What do you recommend?
I would recommend Kymmoy hands down.  Great little Asian Oriental place.  Can I reserve a table for you?
What's the address there?
52 Mill Road City Centre. Is there anything else?
no thaank you that is all i need today
I'm glad we could be of service today. Enjoy your meal!
I'm looking for the Avalon.
The Avalon is a 4-star, moderately priced guesthouse on the north side of town. They offer free parking and free internet.
Great. Would you please see if you can book a party of 8 for 5 nights beginning Thursday?
Booking was successful. You're reference number is TLLGQVMH.
Great, thanks.  
Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, that's it. Thank you for your help!
You are very welcome! Enjoy your stay! Goodbye! 
I am looking for a place to eat some moderate priced austrian food.
Sorry, I didn't get any matching results. Would you like me to look for other types of food?
Oh, that's okay. How about a restaurant that serves turkish food?
There are two of those. I recommend anatolia. Their phone number is 01223362372.
That sounds good, can you reserve for me?
When would you like the booking made for?
For tuesday please.
What time and for how many people?
Actually, can I change that to Friday. I would need a reservation that day for 7 people at 18:00.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for you and your party for 15 minutes. The reference number is XJ15IFK8. 
Do you know of any colleges in the city centre?
There are 13 options available. Would you like a recommendation? 
Yes, please and if I can also get their the entrance fee.
christ's college is free entry or corpus christi is 2 pounds. There are 3 more options that have free entrance also.
I choose Corpus Christi. May I have their phone number, please?
Their phone number is 01223338000.  May I find anything else for you today?
That is all I needed. 
Okay, have a great day!
I want to leave for Cambridge by train on Wednesday. 
Okay, where are you departing from?
I'll be coming from london kings cross
When do you want to leave London Kings Cross?
i will leave on wednesday
how about TR5725 that leaves at 05:17?
That will work. Will you please book it for 5 people?
It is booked and your reference number is EKDNFGB7. Is there anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks!
You are more than welcome!
Hello looking to come out there. Currently trying to find a train that leaves on Wednesday so I may arrive by 9:00.
What is your departing location? 
I will need to depart from Cambridge and will be going to Leicester.
I think the best option is TR9110.  It leaves Cambridge at 6:21 and arrives in Leicester by 8:06. 
Ok.  I'll go with that one. 
Would you like me to make reservations for that?
Not at the moment.  But I'm also looking for an architecture attraction to visit while in town.  
There are five architecture attractions located in the centre. There are four that are free and one that costs two pounds, which price would you prefer?
I was actually wanting an architecture attraction in the east. Are there any? 
unfortunately there aren't any in that area either. would you like to try a different area?
How about any museums in this area?
I have four different museums on the east. Three are free admission and one costs 5 pounds. Are you interested in further information about them?
Yes, please. Can you select one of the free ones for me, and then give me the address and postcode?
I suggest cambridge artworks, the address is 5 greens road and the post code is cb13ef.
Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye
Goodbye! I hope you enjoy your trip.
My friend recommended Little Seoul, but I need some help locating it.
little seoul is in the centre of town at 108 Regent Street City Centre, the phone number is 01223308681.
Great!  Can you help me book a table for Wednesday?
I'll be happy to book you a table for Wednesday. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes make a booking for 5 people at 15:15 on wednesday.
Your booking was successful and the reference number is B0ZSF0CI.
Yes, I need a train departing cambridge going to leicester.
I found 133 trains for you, what day would you like to leave?
I want to leave after 13:15 on Thursday.
train id TR1160 fits your criteria. can i book for you?
Yes, please book it for 5 people. 
Done! Your total is 189 GBP (you can pay at the station) and your reference number is 4VLDG178. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that was it. Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Bye! Have a great day!
Hello there, please find me a restaurant on the West side that serves  scandinavian food
There are no restaurants of that type available in the west. Would you prefer to try a different area or a different type of cuisine?
How about indian cuisine then?
There are 6! What price range would you like?
The price range doesn't matter but I would like to make a reservation at one you may recommend.
I recommend the Meghna.  It has moderate pricing and great food.  Will that be satisfactory?
Yes. That will do just fine. Can you reserve me a table for 5 people on Friday at 13:15 please?
The Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : TE8OOTZC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you help me find a train to birmingham new street on saturday?
We show 19 trains going to birmingham new street from cambridge. Do you have a preference as to the time?
I do need to get there by 08:30. Can you tell me the travel time for that route?
TR4975 will get you there by 07:44 leaving cambridge at 05:01. Travel time is 163 minutes cost is 60.08 pounds. Would you like me to book seats for you?
No I don't nee it booked yet. Thank you for all the help. 
Thank you for spending time in Cambridge, hope you have a pleasant stay.
I want general information on places to go in the centre area of town.
There are many attractions available, including architecture, theatre, swimming pools, parks, night clubs, museums, and cinemas. What are you most interested in?
It doesn't really matter, maybe a museum?  I'll need the entrance fee also please.
i would recommend primavera located in 10 king s parade, cb21sj. phone number is 01223357708.
Okay.  Can you find me a train to Broxbourne.  I need to arrive by 21:00.
Where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from Cambridge
The first train leaves at 5:01.
Ok, I need to book the train for 6 people please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 107.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AEE0QDGA. Is there anything else I can help with?
No. You took care of everything. Thanks. Goodbye. 
Okay fantastic, have a great day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge
I can help you find a hotel that you might like.
Thanks, I'm looking for something in the east and have 4 stars.
There are several guesthouses in that area. Is there a price range you would prefer, or maybe free wifi or parking?
Actually, I would prefer a hotel rather than a guest house.
There are no hotels in that area, just guesthouses. Would you like me to try a different area?
No, I guess a guesthouse will be fine. Can you book a room for me for Thursday?
Will the Carolina bed and breakfast be alright?
Yes, sounds perfect. I want to book it for 4 nights. There will be 8 people and we will be arriving on Thursday.
Okay, great. The booking was successful! The reference number is LG0RKIGF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
i am  also looking for a train. The train should depart from ely and should go to cambridge.
I'll need to get some additional information from you to narrow down the results. What day do you want to travel and what time do you want to leave?
I wasn't to arrive by 15:45.
Train leaves at 5:35 and cost 4.40 pounds
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre of town.
Okay, sure. Is there a certain part of town you're interested in visiting?
Yes, as I already mentioned, I want a place in the center of town. I'd also like to have Chinese food, please.
There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the centre of town and they're all in the moderate price range. If you like, I can book you a table at one of these?
Sure! Can you book just for 1 at 17:00 on Thursday?
I made a reservation for one at the lan hong house. Your reference number is 5TXC1HGX . Would you like their address or phone number?
No, the reference number is all I need.  I will find it.  Thanks!
Okay, great! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it! Thanks for your help!
Awesome. Have a great day!
I need the address for the Parkside police station.
Certainly! Their address is Parkside, Cambridge postcode CB11JG. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need their phone number.
Their phone number is 01223358966. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thanks, good bye.
Thank you, goodbye.
I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.
Do you prefer african or asian cuisine?
I'm looking for an inexpensive Spanish restaurant.
La Raza seems to fit your needs, would you like to make a reservation? 
Yes, a table for 6, Friday at 16:00.
I was able to book your party.  Your reference number is 30DJXAZC.  The table will be held for 15 minutes.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Yeah, can you recommend a place in the area?  Preferably something college related.
Downing college is an excellent option in the city centre.
Nice, in the same area as the restaurant I see.  What is the address with postcode?
Downing College is located on Regent Street, postcode cb21dq. Can I help you with anything further today?
One more question, is there an entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee.  The phone number is 01223334860 if you should have any other questions.  Can I assist further?
No that is all, you were wonderful.  Have a great day!!
I'm so happy that I could help you. Have a great time at dinner and the college!
I need an inexpensive restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.
There is nothing cheap in centre. Can you expand your price range? 
Not really, try kosher food types. 
I'm sorry, but there is no Kosher restaurant in the area, can I check other part of town?
How about one that serves Asian Oriental food?
I've located 2 inexpensive restaurants, Dojo noodle bar and J Restaurant. Which would you like?
I'll try the noodle bar. I'd like to reserve a table as well.
How many people would you like to reserve a table for?  And, what time and day would you like to make the reservation?
for seven people on wednesday.
Sure, I can book that.  What time would you like the reservation for? 
I would like the reservation to be at 16:00 please. 
Okay. Your booking at the Dojo Noodle Bar was successful. The reference number is 0EGLWEQK. Can I help with anything else today?
Great, now I need a train to leave on Thursday departing from cambridge going to peterborough, it needs to arrive by 14:30. 
How many tickets do you need?
I actually don't need to book any tickets. I just need the train id, travel time and departure time please.
TR7098 departs Thursday at 05:06 and has a travel time of 50 minutes. 
Thanks. You have been so helpful with the restaurant and train. That's all. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Please find a restaurant in the north that serves unusual food.
I apologize, we don't have any restaurants that serve unusual food in the north.  
 No thank you that will be all
Can I help you find a different type of food?
How about a Chinese restaurant?
There are three Chinese food restaurants in the north side of town. Two are expensive and the other is moderately priced. Do you need more information?
Can you recommend one of those? 
I'd recommend the Hotpot. Would you like a reservation or more information?
Yes could you give me their postcode?
The postcode for The Hotpot is cb41ep. Would you like a reservation?
What price range is that in?
It's in the expensive price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any swimming pools in the same area as the restaurant?
Yes there are two pools. I highly suggest the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool. Would you like more information?
Yes, that sounds great can you send me all the info. 
The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is located between victoria road and the river. The phone number is 01223302579. Do you need any additional information?
Yes, I am going to need a taxi for transport fro the restaurant by 04:00 please.
You have a booked taxi departing at 4:00 from the restaurant to the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool. It will be a white Honda. The contact number is 07119708052. Anything else?
Awesome. Nothing further.
okay and thanks for inquiring with us
Thank you. Goodbye.
Goodbye and thank you.
Hi. I'm looking for something to do. Are there any entertainment attractions in the South part of town?
There is a cinema, museum, park, theatre and nightclub.  Would you like information for any of these?
Could you please give me the postcode, address and entrance free of a museum?
Byard Art is a museum that has free admission. The address is 14 King's Parade and the postcode is cb21sj.
Thank you. I am also looking for a nice expensive hotel. It does not need internet. Can you help with that?
There are a total of 5 different places to stay that are expensive. Is there a certain area of town you would like to stay in?
No, and it also does not need free parking.
Huntingdon Marriott Hotel and University Arms Hotel are both 4-star rated hotels. Would you prefer the West or the Center area of town?
I will stay in the west area of town. 
Ok, I will contact the Mariott and get you all set up.
Okay, I will need to book for 8 people for 4 nights starting from Sunday.
Your booking has been completed! Here is your reference number VJUBQ1YN. Can I assist you with anything else?
Yes, I would also like a taxi to take me between the Marriot and the museum.
I will need a departure time or an arrival time between the two locations.
Oh, sorry! I would like to leave the museum by 11:15.
You are all set for 11:15, the car will be a white audi and they can be reached at 07467849660
Thank you for all your help. I am all set now. 
Ok, it was a pleasure assisting you. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye. 
I am looking for a restaurant in the north part of town that serves brazilian food.
There are no mathcing records found for that request
How about Spanish or Portuguese food?
There are no matching records found for that request.
I would like to try indian food in the north part of town. 
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant in the north of town, and is in the cheap price range.
I would like their phone number and address, please.
Their phone number is 01733 553355 and their address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton C.B 4, 1 E.H
Thank you goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
I need a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi.
We have many guesthouses that are moderately priced. How about the acorn guest house, they are located in the north?
Does it include free wifi and parking?
Yes to both. 
Great! Book for 1 people starting on Thursday for 4 nights. Thanks.
I apologize. That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another hotel?
Another hotel will be fine as long as it's in the same price range. Thank you. 
a and b guest house is a nice place.Would you like me to book it for you ?
I am looking for a attraction called whipple museum of the history of science. 
That museum is in the centre of town on free school lane. Is there other information you are looking for?
How much is admission?
They offer free admission. Is there any other information I can provide for you? 
Yes, find me a cheap place to eat in the center
What type of food are you interested in eating?
I am interested in Italian food.  However I just remembered, I need the phone number for Whipple Museum of History and Science please.
Their phone number is 01223330906.
There are a couple Italian restaurants in the area ranging from moderate to expensive. Would you like me to look them up for you and make a reservation?
Not at this time, could I just have the phone number of an expensive Italian restaurant?
I need a reservation fo 3 at 16.30
which day an time do i book?
Please reserve the restaurant for Saturday at 16:30 for 3 people.
I have booked a table for you at Clowns Cafe. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is WYVYSLFF. How else can I help?
I need a taxi to take me from the whipple (whip whoop) to the restaurant.  please make sure the taxi drops off by the reservation time at Clown 
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	white toyota Contact number	:	07915745196 
That is everything, you were very helpful.
Thank you, enjoy your day
I need a train to Cambridge on Monday.
Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I am leaving ely I need to arrive by 11:15. 
TR2987 leaves Ely at 9:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 9:52. Would you like to book a seat?
Is there a later one that would still get us there by 11:15? I need 4 seats.
That is the latest train for that day. Is that okay?
Ok.  You can book that one for 4 people. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .  You Reference number is : E3F6RPQB.  Can I help with anything else?
i'm also looking for a restaurant
There are many, many restaurants to chose one.  Can you help me narrow it down?
Yes, I am looking for the Curry Garden.
Sure. Curry Garden is located in the city center and is expensive and good. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I don't need a reservation right now. What type of food do they serve?
They serve indian food. 
Can I get just the postcode and phone number please?
Sure! Their phone number is 01223302330, and their postcode is CB21DP. Can I help you with anything else?
Nope, that's all for now.  You've been a great help, thank you!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Can you help me find a train that leaves cambridge? I would also like to request that it be leaving on a tuesday. 
I have several leaving on that day. What is your destination?
I need to head to Kings Lynn and leave after 20:15 please.
The TR8387 from Cambridge at 21:11 on Tuesday and arrive at Kings Lynn at 21:58. Do you want me to book you a ride?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.
of course! how many tickets?
Actually I'll book on my own. Can you give me some information about a hotel called Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
Sure thing what kinda of info are you looking for?
I would like to book 2 nights for 3 people starting on Sunday.
Your booking was successful. your reservation number is  B96VFV64.
thank you very much. that should be all I need.
Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for a college to visit in the centre of cambridge. 
I was able to find 13 colleges would you like to go to Downing College?
Yes that would be great can you give me the postcode entrance for you and address to it?
Sure, the address is Regent Street, the postcode is cb21dq, and the entrance fee is free. Can I help you with anything else? 
Thank you. I also need to find a train leaving on Monday.
Certainly, where are you departing from and what is your destination please?
I'm departing from london liverpool street to cambridge.
There are a number of trains running from 5:39  to 23:39. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
I'd like to leave after 08:45. Which train leaves closest to that time?
Unfortunately, the closest leaves at 09:39, which leaves almost an hour later. That train is the TR7256, do you still want to book it?
Oh, no need to book it for me. But yes, that train will do just fine. Thank you for your help, that was all I needed.
You are welcome.  If you need anything else, please contact us.
I'm looking for a place called Club Salsa. Do you have any information?
Yes, it's located at 1 station road.
Thanks for the information!
Do you need any other information?
Yes I am looking for a train going to Cambridge to arrive by 18:15.
I am looking that up now, what day?
wednesday and should depart from kings lynn
The TR3677 leaves at 17:11 and arrives at 17:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes can you please book that and send me the info. Thank you
of course! how many tickets do you need?
How much will it cost?
it will cost you 9.80 pounds
OKay that is fine. Can you book this for me please?
How many tickets do you need? 
I don't need anything booked, I actually have everything I need. Thank you. 
You're welcome! Feel free to reach out again if anything more comes up. Until then, bye and have a safe trip!
I need a train to cambridge on saturday
Okay, where are you leaving from?
I need to leave London Liverpool Street sometime after 17:45.
I have three options for you, is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
No. I need to book this for 5 people. Please send me the reference number too. 
I have you booked on TR3940 Saturday leaving at 19:39 and arriving at 21:07.  The reference number is X56OZZGL and it will be 13.28 GBP at the station.
Great.  I also need a cheap 4-star hotel.  
Do you have an area preference? Otherwise, I recommend leverton house on newmarket road.
Is it a guesthouse?
It is a guesthouse in the east. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
No thanks. No need to make a reservation but can I get the postcode please? 
The postcode for Leverton House is cb58rs.  Is there anything more I can help with today?
No I think that's all I needed, thanks!
It was a pleasure serving you today. I hope you enjoy your stay! 
Hi, I am searching for a museum to attend in the centre of town.
There are 11 total museums in the centre of town. Would you prefer suggestions for art museums, history museums, science museums, galleries...?
I don't care of the type of museum.
I have located Williams Art and Antiques located at Gwydir Street, no. 5 Dale's Brewery. Would you like to visit this museum or would you like another suggestion?
That sounds good. What is the entrance fee if any, and it's postcode?
It is free to get in. The postcode is cb12lj.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I would like a good steak. 
I can help you find a fantastic steakhouse. Do you have a preference for the area of price range of the restaurant?
No thanks, I actually need a train. I'll be heading to cambridge from peterborough on Sunday. I need to leave after 19:15.
Ok, there are 10 different trains, what time did you want to arrive by so we can narrow it down a bit. 
Before that, I need a booking for 3 people. Does that narrow it down?
Sorry, that doesn't really narrow it down, they all have plenty of open seats.
I would like to book the train with the shortest travel time, if that narrows it down. I will also need the reference number.
Train TR3922 is leaving at 19:19 and arriving at 20:09. Booking was successful for 3 tickets, totaling 39.59 GBP. The Reference number is : WF0T26CV.
Thank you very much. That was all I needed. Have a great day. 
You are welcome, goodbye!
I am looking for information in Cambridge
I can help book a hotel if you need it!
I'm actually looking for a train. I'm leaving from Cambridge on Friday.
I will be happy to help with that!  Where are you travelling to?
I need to travel to ely. 
We have 10 trains going to Ely on Friday. Do you have a time you want to arrive or leave by?
I'd like to arrive by 18:00. Any that do that will be fine. I'll need a train ID, departure time, and travel time, please?
The TR5844 departs at 15:50 and has a travel time of 17 minutes.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, 5 tickets. I also need a hotel in the north, free parking is not necessary.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8NJO8Q4C.
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north, no guesthouses, just hotels please.
I can help you with that. What price range are you looking at?
I don't care about the price and it doesn't need to have free parking.
May i suggest the Lovell Lodge. It's a moderate priced 2 star hotel in the north part of town with free parking and internet.
Sure, can you book it?
I sure can! Would you like to book rooms for 5 people?
Yes can you please get that booked for me. 
When will you be arriving and how many nights will you be staying? 
I am arriving on Friday.
how many days will you stay?
Sorry I do not need to make a reservation but I do need the postcode, phone number, and whether they have internet.
Their postcode is cb41sr and phone number is 01223425478. They offer free parking and internet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you, thats all I need today
I am happy to have met all your needs. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on tuesday? 
Where are you departing from and what is your departure time?
I'll be departing Bishops Stortford. My departure time is flexible, but I need to arrive by 16:30.
The Bishops Stortford to Cambridge at 15:29 is scheduled to arrive at 16:07. The one before that is two hours earlier. 
Could you give me the price and train ID for that one please?
TR1392. 10.10 pounds. Is there anything else?
I'm looking for places to go in town centre. I'm interested in entertainment. Can you suggest a place to go?
There are many attractions do you want a church,or park or water slide ?
I was looking for entertainment, but if there is nothing how about a college?
I think i can get for you anything else
Hello, I'd like some information on a train departing from kings lynn.
I can certainly help you find a train leaving from Kings Lynn. What day would you like to go?
I want to leave on Sunday.
What time do you need to be in Cambridge?  I have 19 trains available.  Can you help me sort this out better for you?
09:15 please, thank you for your help.
Do yo have a preferred time to leave?
Departure time isn't important as long as I can get to Cambridge by 09:15.
I have a deaprting at 5:11. Shall I book you one?
No, not today.  Can you just give me the train ID and travel time?  I guess I will need that departure time too.  Thanks.
Train TR6003 departs Kings Lynn at 05:11. The travel time is 47 minutes. It will get you to Cambridge at 05:58.
Thanks, I also need an expensive thai restaurant. 
I have 2 options for you. Sala Thong is located in the west. And Bangkok City is located in the centre. Which would you prefer? 
Which one has thai food?
Both choices serve Thai.  I prefer sala thong.
Could you give me the phone number and address of sala thong?
No problem. The number is 01223323178 and they are located at 35 Newnham Road Newnham. Is there anything else you need help with today? 
Can I also get the postcode please? 
Sure. The post code is cb39ey. Is there anything else I can find for you today?
No that will be all, thanks. 
I hope when you come the weather will be clement.
Hey! Trying to locate a train that goes to broxbourne and would leave right after 17:45.
I can help with that! What day would you like to depart?
I would like to leave on Tuesday please. 
The TR5484 leaves at 18:01 and arrives by 19:01. Will that work for you?
Yes, I need 2 tickets.
You're all set. The fee will be 35.79 GBP and you can pay at the station. Your reference number is HZ0I8VML. Do you need anything else?
Yes I also need information on downing college. 
Noone in the center appears to b open. You would be more than pleased with Jesus College which is and is beautiful.
I'm really interested in Downing College. Can you tell me the area, address, and fee for that one?
Downing College is located in the centre, located on Regent Street. The postcode is cb21dq. The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all. Thanks. Good bye.
Thanks for using our services today. Glad I was able to help have a nice day. 
I am planning a visit to Cambridge soon and want to visit a specific attraction people are talking about. Have you heard of the funky fun house?
Yes I have.  It is an entertainment venue in the east area, would you like more information on them?
Can you give me their phone number please?
That number is 01223304705.
Thanks. I also need a place to stay.  I would like a hotel with a 4 star rating.
Certainly, would you like a cheap hotel? Or expensive?
I don't care about the price point.  But, I do want it to be on the west side of town. 
I recommend the Cambridge Belfry. It's a cheap hotel on the west side. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please, I need to book it for 3 nights for 5 people starting Sunday.
Booking was unsuccessful. May I try another day or a shorter stay?
How about two nights?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VHKR1UH7.
Perfect. Thank you so much. That is everything I needed.
You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay.  Bye.
I need to find a place that serves European food to eat at.
I have 11 results for european restaurants, what area would you like to dine in?
In the centre, sorry didn't I mention that?
What price range are you looking for?
I need one in the expensive range.
There are three options: eraina, michehouse cafe, and darry's cookhouse and wine shop. Which would you prefer?
Wine shop sound good. Could I have their address and postcode please?
Their address is 40270 King Street City Centre and the post code is cb11ln.
Thank you so much. Can you help me book a train too?
I certainly can. Which departure and destination did you have in mind?
I'd like to depart Cambridge on Sunday sometime after 9:45.
Where would you be going to? 
I'll be heading to Stevenage.
I have the TR8464 train leaving at 11:21 and arriving at 12:10.  Would that be good?
That sounds perfect! Can you book me 6 tickets for that train please? 
I have you booked on that train.  Your confirmation numbers is  NLV3A4JF.
I appreciate all your help. Goodbye. 
You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
Can you book a hotel for me? I would like a 3 star hotel or greater in downtown Cambridge for tonight for 2 people.
There is one called the Gonville Hotel, but it's expensive. Is this alright?
yes that would be fine. Are there any colleges in the centre that we can also visit? And may I have the address please?
There are four in the area that are free and one that has a fee of 2 pounds, would you like more information?
Sure, which one would you recommend of the free ones? 
I would recommend Saint Catherine's College located at King's Parade, postcode cb23rl.
Thank you, I actually need a guesthouse with free parking.
Thank you for clarifying that you need a guest house. So that I might best find the right place for you, could you restate any other needs with regards to lodgings?
I need free parking in the moderate pricerange.
Unfortunately, I do not have any 3-star rated guesthouses that are moderately priced and in the centre with free parking. Would you like to change any criteria?
No that is ok! I decided that free parking is not a deal breaker for me. So can I book that guest house?
I don't see any 3 star guesthouses available in the centre. However Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a nice 4 star, cheap guesthouse. Does that work?
Does that guesthouse come with free wifi? 
Yes, they do offer free internet as well as free parking. Would you like me to book a room for you there?
yup.  5 nights just 1 person please, let's shoot for Monday.  Thanks.  
I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful, probably because the guesthouse is booked for some or all of these days. Would you like to try a shorter stay, or book another day?
Okay. Let's try for four nights and may I get the reference number.
I was able to find availability for 4 days.  Booking was successful. Reference number is : 84JDP6OG.
Great!  That should be all I need.  Thanks for your help.  Goodbye. 
You're welcome!  Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is moderately priced. 
There is the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton which serves Italian food and the Restaurant Alimentum which serves Modern European food. Which would you like?
Is there any Korean food?
Yes, Little Seoul is an expensive Korean restaurant in the centre of town.
No, I need something moderate priced in the south. Is there one that serves modern european food?
Restaurant Alimentum in modern European moderately priced in the south.  Would you like for me to book it?
No but I would like their phone number, address and postcode.
Alimentum is located at 152-154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb, and their phone number is 01223413000. Is there any other way I could be of assistance?
I am also looking for a place to go. Can you recommend a theatre?
What area? 
Area doesn't really matter. Are there a lot of theatre options in town?
Cambridge Arts Theater located at 6 saint edwards passage
That sounds great! Could you please give me the phone number?
The number is 01223503333.
I think that's it. Thank you!
im glad to have satisfied you in every way possible for me to given the context of this interaction
Great, thank you for the help. 
You are welcome.  Have a great day.
Can you find me a hospital with a gastroenterology department around here? 
gastroenterology hospital phone number is 01223274284
Thank you, what is the address and postcode?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the post code is CB20QQ. Is there anything else?
That's all the information I was looking for today. Thanks for your help.
Great! Have a nice day! 
Thank you. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Good bye.
I'm looking for information on a hotel called warkworth house.
i got it. may i get the day youd like to move in so i can book
Yes, that would be on Tuesday please.
How many days will you be staying?
I'll be staying for 3 nights starting on tuesday.
For how many guests please, sir?
one guest for three nights
 Booking was successful. Reference number is : TUCGJ6DX.
Thank you, that's all I need.
Thanks for contacting us, please let us know if you need any further assistance.
Hi, can you give me some information on a particular hotel?
Yes do you have the name of the hotel?
It's called the University Arms Hotel.
It is in centre of town and has 4 stars and is priced expensive. 
I'd like to book a few rooms for Thursday. Are there rooms available?
What nights are you looking to stay so I can check the availability? 
I need 3 nights starting on Thursday. Should have enough room to accomodate 4 people.
I have booked it here is the information:Booking was successful. Reference number is : 4AHCO6OI.
Great, can you help me find a multiple sports place to visit in the south also?
I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports venues in the south part of town. Would you like to try another area or attraction?
can you try entertainment ?
There are two entertainment attractions in the south. I suggest nusha. 
Okay, please provide me with the postcode, and also I want a taxi to take me there. It should leave the hotel by 10:30. Give me car type and contact number
The post code for nusha is cb17dy. I'm checking on your taxi reservation. 
Ok, thank you. I will need to know what kind of car is picking me up.
Booking completed! Expect a red Ford to pick you up at the hotel at 10:30. Their contact number is 07439027429. Can I assist you otherwise?
No, but thanks for all your help! Goodbye!
Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town specializing in architecture. 
We have 5 places to pick from any other preferences?
No I do not. I do need the phone number and entrance fee.
I have five, four of them have free entrance and one with 2 pounds fees. Do you want all the phone numbers? 
Yes.  Give me the phone numbers. 
I'll give you the phone number for all saints church. It is 01223452587.
Can you book tickets for me?
No we don't book tickets for the attractions from here, but they don't charge a fee; anyone can go in for free. Can I help you with anything else?
I will need a hotel in the same area, preferably 4 stars and include free parking and internet. I will need a booking for 5 people, 5 nights starting Saturday.
Reference number is : LBMYIYTI. Is there anything else I can do for you ? 
What is the name of the hotel please?
Here you go university arms hotel
Thank you for your help. That is all I needed. 
You are welcome.  Can I help you with any other information today?
I'd also like to book a taxi from the hotel, leaving by 11:15
What destination would you like your taxi to take you to?
I want to leave the hotel at 11:15 and get to all saints church.
You're booked!  You'll leave the University Arms Hotel at 11:15 via your taxi which is a blue Lexus. Your contact number is 07711527170.
Cool beans, that's all I needed. Thanks a bunch!
No problem, were always here to help. Have a great day! 
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the west area. 
You have your choice of La Margherita, which serves Italian food, or Thanh Binh, which offers vietnamese cuisine.
Let's go with La Margherita. Could you book a table for 2 people at 13:30 on Saturday?
I was unable to book that, would you like me to try something else?
Yes as long as its in the same area and price range. I need a reference number too then please
I was able to get you into Thanh Binh. Your reference number is CLIBOL1Q.
Okay that is all I need for now.
Thank you and goodbye.
Hi, I am looking for a cheap place to stay that has free wifi.  Can you find anything like that?
I have ten entries that meet your requirements! What area of town would you like? 
I don't care about the area but I need one with 3 stars, please.
Unfortunately, I don't show any cheap hotels that have a 3-star rating. Can I look in a different price range or star rating for you? 
Can you see if there are any in the moderate range?
We have 3 moderately priced 3 star guesthouses.
Great! Which of those three would you recommend?
Which are would you like to stay in?
Please just pick the best one and book it for Thursday.
I'm going to book you for bridge guest house, but I need to know the number of days you plan to stay and the number of people with you.
Sure, 2 people, checking in on Thursday for 3 nights please.
Your booking is successful! Your reference number is IZE1WK61. Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all, thanks.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip!
You have a fantastic day as well.  Good bye!
Thank you for using our service. It was a pleasure assisting you. Goodbye. 
I am looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant in the south.
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway or Peking Restaurant would meet your needs. Would you like to make a reservation? 
No reservation right now, I just need the phone number.
The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway can be reached at 01223244149. The Peking Restaurant can be reached at 01223354755. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I need to find a train leaving Tuesday going to Ely please.
There are several trains to Ely on that day. Is there certain time that you need to leave by?
I would like to arrive by 14:45. 
TR3420 will arrive at 14:07, would that work?
Yes, can I get the departure time and travel time on that one?
Yes the train leaves at 13:50 and the ride lasts 17 minutes.
Thanks. I'm also looking for college to look around.
There are many to choose from,what area would you like to see one in?
Any area is fine. Can you give me the phone number and postcode of your favorite one?
Christ's College is in the city centre and is highly acclaimed. Their phone number is 01223334900 and they're in postcode cb23bu. 
Awesome!  I guess that's all I need.  Thank you. 
You're welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye. 
Hi there! I'm looking for a moderate place to stay that has four stars. Can you help me?
I'm sorry I don't find any four star hotels.  
Can you check if there are any in the east?
Unfortunately there are no 4 star hotels in the east. Would you like to try a different area? 
no I waill call back thank you and goodbye
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day. 
Could you try a moderate price place,4 stars in the east. A guesthouse is fine also.
I have three options. Would you perhaps like to book at the Carolina? 
Sure, that sounds great. Can you book me a room for Thursday for 4 people, 2 nights please? 
Everything is all set, your reference number is P7XQVC1N if you have any further questions. Is that all?
I'm also looking for a place my friend recommended to eat. The Peking restaurant? Can you find it for me?
Sure!  It is in the south area and the address is 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
i am also looking for a restaurant called peking restaurant where is it found? and what is their food type? 
peking restaurant is a chinese restaurant in 10 Homerton Street City Centre. 
What area is the restaurant in?
It is located in the south.
Thank you!  That will be all.  Goodbye!
No, thank you for visiting the city of Cambridge!
Hi.  I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant. 
de luca cucina and bar is a modern european restaurant in the centre
I need something that's in the east part of town.
Curry prince is moderately priced and located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton 01223 566388.
What is the phone number?
Curry Prince's phone number is 01223 566388. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you.  That is all I needed.  Bye bye!
You're welcome. Have a good evening. 
This is an emergency. I was robbed and need help.
Contact the Parkside Police Station at 01223358966
What's their postcode, please?
Their postcode is CB11JG. Is there other information you need, or anything else I can help with?
no thanks. have a nice day
You have a great day as well, thank you so much! 
We need to find the address of a theater in the center of town.
The Cambridge Corn Exchange is over on wheeler street.
can i get the postcode?
Certainly, the postcode for The Cambridge Corn Exchange is cb23qe.  Do you need any further assistance today?
yeah i need to get something to eat
there are many places. what type of food do you want to eat?
I don't have a preference, but I would like something near The Cambridge Corn Exchange that is cheap.
You should try nandos city centre, a cheap portuguese restaurant located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Would you like to reserve a table?
Not at this time. Thank you. 
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, you've been very helpful. Thank you for your time.
You are welcome, enjoy your day.
I need a local restaurant I can try while in Cambridge. I also need a 3 star moderately priced Hotel I can stay in while in Cambridge.
Okay. What kind of cuisine would you like?
I'm open to any kind of cuisine. Perhaps you can suggest one.
Why don't we start with the room since those fill up much faster and we'll come back to the restaurant. I have several options in guesthouses but unfortunately no hotels.
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse with a 3 star rating in the moderate price range.
Is there a particular area you prefer?  I have guesthouses located in the North, South and West areas of town, which would you prefer?
I don't care, I just want it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Sunday.
We have Hamilton Lodge, a 3-star guesthouse in the north that's moderately priced. Would you like to book a room? 
Yes, please book that for me.
Booking was successful. your Reference number is : 16U7AL1E.
I would also like more info on the Rice Boat, it is a place to eat. 
The Rice Boat is an expensive, Indian restaurant located at 37 Newnham Road, in the West area.
Will you book a table for 2 at 17:00 on Sunday? 
You are booked at the rice boat. Your reference number is QWZXQ3XJ. Is there anything else?
Yes I would like a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 17:00. I would need the phone number and the type of car.
Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from the hotel. Please give me the contact info and car type.
Your car is booked your car type is a grey ford and contact number is 07174899771
Thanks that's all I needed for today.
Okay, you are so welcome! Goodbye!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Great!  What were you interested in doing while you're here? 
I'm looking for a train. I need it to bring me to Cambridge on Friday.
There are 202 trains into cambridge on Friday. Where are you traveling from?
I want to leave after 18:45 and am heading to norwich. 
There is a train leaving Cambridge for Norwich that departs at 19:36. Would this suffice?
Yes can i please get a booking for 1 person and a reference number please?
You are all set! Your reference number for your booking is 1Z40L862. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a hotel in the south area. 
There is 1 expensive hotel and 3 less costly guesthouses in the south. Do you have a preference?
I want a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse. 
aylesbray lodge guest house will suit your needs. Can I book something for you?
do they have free parking?
yes they do offer free parking
Please give me aylesbray lodge's address. I am not booking now.
Sure, it is located at 5 Mowbray Road, postcode cb17sr.
Ok. Thanks.  That is all my requests. 
You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm wondering if there are any boat attractions in town?
There are 4 boat attractions in town.  What part of town would you prefer?
It doesn't matter what area, I just need a phone number and postcode for one please. 
I would recommend the riverboat georgina. The phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train for Tuesday.  
What are your departure and arrival stations, and what time of day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave by 17:00 
Do you need to arrive by a certain time?
No as long as it leaves any time after 13:00 for 6 please and I need the reference number
I have a number of trains available, what is your place of departure and your destination, please?
I am leaving from Ely and departing at 5. 
Could you please retstate when you would like to leave and arrive by?
I'm so sorry. I need to leave Cambridge after 13:00 on Tuesday and I'm going to Ely. I need 6 tickets.
I booked you for 6 tickets on the 15:50 train that arrives in Ely at 16:07. your reference number for the journey is 3QK3PKJT.
Thank you for all your help!
I am glad I could help. Have a good day and a fun trip!
Thank you. Bye. 
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Have a great day!
I'm trying to find a hotel called Worth House. Can you help me?
Sure.  Worth House is located in the east at 152 Chesterton Road.  It's phone number is 1223316074.  Would you like me to help you book it? 
Great! Yes please book it for 8 people and for 3 nights.
I can get that reserved for you. What dates will you need to stay at worth house?
I will be for 3 nights starting this Thursday. 
I have that booked for you and your reference number is FTVOQPHP.
I also need a train. 
Okay! What day are you needing to take the train? Where would you like to go? Do you know where you would like to depart? 
I would like to leave on Sunday from Cambridge.
What is your destination?  Also, what time do you want to leave or arrive, please?
The train should leave after 10:45 and should go to bishops stortford.
The first train leaving Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Sunday departs at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes book the tickets please. 
You are booked. Your reference number is FTVOQPHP
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
Thank you, good bye!
I sure hope so. I'd like to find a place to stay, with four stars, in the north.
I have about 8 options for you. They are all guesthouses. Do you have a preferred price range? 
Price is not of any concern, just so it has a 4 star rating.
What dates would you like to stay?
Oh, I think I forgot to mention that it needs to be a 4 star guesthouse. I want to book Saturday for 7 people 2 nights. 
All the 8 hotels are 4 star hotels. I recommend the Avalon or the Archway House. Should I book one of those for you and your party?
Yes, please book a reservation.
I have successfully booked you for avalon. Reference number is RI8WLX7E. Do you need anything else?
Thank you! I also need info on trains that are leaving Cambridge.
Sure, where are you headed?
kings lynn is my destination
What day and time would you like to travel?
I need to arrive by 20:45 on Monday, please.
There are two trains that would work.  One leaves at 8:11 and the other at 9:11.  
Is there a train that arrives closer to the deadline of 20:45? If not, I will take the 9:11.
I have found a train that leaves Cambridge at 19:11 and arrives by 19:58 at Kings Lynn on Monday. Would you like me to book for you?
Yes please! could I get the departure time, train ID and travel time?
Great, the train departure time is 19:11, the travel time is 47 minutes and Train ID is TR8868. Can I assist with anything else?
Can you find me a hotel in the northern area that isn't to cheap or expensive?
I have the ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Which one would you like?
The Ashley Hotel sounds good. Does it have free parking?
Ashley hotel does have free parking
Thanks. Coulc you book a room for me, just one person. It will be three nights starting Sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : LCFYMN3F
Great, thank you for all your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for your service.
You are welcome, I'm always glad to help. Goodbye now.
I am traveling to Cambridge and would like to find a local restaurant. I want to arrive by train at noon.
Hi there, let's start with the train arrival, where would you be travelling from?
I am looking for a train that will depart from Norwich on Sunday
There are trains every hour on the :16 that will get you there by noon, beginning at 5:16. Which would you prefer?
How about 7:16? What is the price?
TR4202 is the one that leaves at 7:16 and it costs 14.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that would be great. I am also looking for a place to dine for the night. Do you have any suggestions?
My recommendation would be the Ugly Duckling, a Chinese restaurant in the centre of town. It is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre. 
Is the restaurant moderately priced? If so, please book a table for 5 at 18:00 and send me the reference number.
No, I'm sorry the ugly duckling is in the expensive price range. The copper kettle serves british food and is moderately priced. Would you like a reservation for it?
The copper kettle will be fine.  Yes please book a reservation.
Sure thing! Your table is reserved. Your reference number is OY2LNXFW. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that will be all. Thanks!
Goodbye and have a good day.
I am looking for a museum in town. 
What area are you looking for?
Anywhere in town should be fine, I just need to know what area it is in.
We have 23 museums in various areas of town. Would you prefer an art gallery?
I trust your recommendation on a museum. What area is it in?
byard art is in the south on 14 king's parade, cb21sj. Do you want more information?
No that's it. I need a train going to London Kings Cross that leaves after 20:45 on Monday from Cambridge.
I have train TR2634 that leaves at 21:00 and arrives in London Kings Cross at 21:51. Would that work for you? 
Yes please book that for 5 people.
5 tickets on TR2634 have been booked. The total fee is 118 GBP, payable at the station. Your Reference number is : GBJX4FAF. Is there anything else I can do?
No, I'm good. Thank you so much.
You're very welcome. 
Again, thanks for your help!
Thank you for using our service today. 
I need to book a taxi to the place, please.
I'm going to need a departure site, a destination, and either a time you want to leave or arrive by, please.
I would like a taxi departing from city centre north b and b and arriving at the place. I would like to arrive by 8:00.
Perfect, expect a yellow Tesla to pick you up. The contact number is 07308517542. Anything else?
That is it, Thank you.
It has been my pleasure. Have a nice day.
Thank you once again for all of your assistance. Have a great day.
You as well, good bye.
Can you help me in finding a suitable guesthouse please?
There are 24 guest houses available. Is there a particular area of the city you'd prefer to stay in?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the centre of town please.
I have two options for you. Both offer free wifi and parking. The El Shaddai has no star rating or the Alexander B & B has a 4-star rating. 
I'll take the El Shaddai please.
Sure thing. Do you want me to book it for you?
Yes. I want to book it for 2 nights, 5 people starting on Friday.
The booking was successful, your reference code is 8090X905. Do you want further assistance?
No that's all. Good bye!
Thank you goodbye!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.
Sure, what can I help you with?
Are there trains leaving from Peterborough on Tuesday?
Yes, there are many trains leaving Peterborough on Tuesday, what are your arrival and departure times?
I'd like to arrive by 13:00. I'd also like to book seats for 6 people. Can you provide a reference number please?
Your booking has been successful. You will take the TR5060 at 11:48 and arrive at 12:38. Your fees are 99 GBP which you can pay at the station. FDPK5M0M
Yes I am also looking for an expensive restaurant on the west side.
what about graffiti? it looks lovely
Grand. Please can you give me the postcode and phone?
01223277977 is the phone number. cb30lx is the postcode. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for calling. Have a fantastic trip! Goodbye!
I want to find a hospital in town
I have the Addenbrookes Hospital on Hills Road in Cambridge. Their phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you, can I also get the postcode?
The postcode CB20QQ.
Thank you that is all I needed.
Thank you for using our services.
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town. 
What kind of food do you want? italian or modern european?
I do not care. 
There are two restaurants: Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and Restaurant Alimentum.
Is there anything else available?
No, there are only 2 restaurants in the area. Is there anything else I can help with?
Give me the address and postcode of any of them, please.
The phone number for pizza hut cherry hinton is 01223 323737 and they are located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
That's great. Thank you so much 
You're very welcome. 
I want to find a hospital in town. The hospital should have the neurology neurosurgery department
I have Addenbrookes Hospital on Hills Rd in Cambridge, they have a nuerology and nuerosurgery department, will that be okay?
That would be fine. I just need the phone number and postcode. Thanks.
The phone number is 01223245151 and the post code is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I got what I needed. Goodbye.
Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me out?
Sure. Are you looking for anything in particular?
In the East and must be a hotel
I have one listing for express by holiday inn cambridge,will that be okay?
That would be fine.
Would you like me to book a room for you? 
Yes please for 2 people for 4 nights starting from Friday.
sure thing, your all set. Confirmation # is ZSDFLXSJ. Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a moderate priced restaurant near the hotel. Can you find one? 
There are 2 moderately price Indian restaurants and one Italian place in the area.  Which type of cuisine do you prefer?
Definitely Italian, curry gives me gas. 
I can suggest Pizza Hut in Fen Ditton located in Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket.
That sounds great.  Thanks.
Sweet! Do you need a reservation?
I do not need a reservation right now.
Okay, how else can I help then?
That's all I needed tonight. Thanks for the help.
I am glad to be of service, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge
How great! I'm sure you'll love it here. Is there something specific I can find for you? 
train should leave after 11:15 and should depart from stansted airport on Sunday
Okay, the TR9445 leaves at 11:24 and arrives by 11:52. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, please. I'll need tickets for 5 people. 
 Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 38E1SSYP.
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range, that serves Thai food.
Im sorry there are no restaurants like that. Would you like to search for something else?
No moderately-priced Thai places in the east, huh?
There are not - would you like to adjust the type of restaurant or the price range?
Let's try Indian food. 
Do you have a preference - I come up with 2.   Curry Prince, or Rajmahal.  I recommend Curry Prince.  Is this okay?
Curry prince is good. book it for the same group of people please
Okay. I'll need to know the day and time you'd like to dine. 
On Sunday at 20:45 please.
You are all set for Curry Prince. Your reference number is 7FLIG346.
Ok, great, that's all I needed! Thanks!
Great. You have a wonderful day and feel free to message me if you need any more assistance. 
I need information on a hotel that includes free parking please.
There are 29 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area and/or price range?
I also need free wifi, and it needs to be a hotel, not a guesthouse or anything like that.
The Ashley Hotel is in the north area of town in the moderate price range with internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please, for 5 people and 4 nights on Friday. 
The booking for Ashley Hotel was successful. Reference number is : 0M3JW724.
Thank you for your help. Can I find a place to eat, I'm looking for a place serving christmas food in the centre. 
I'm very sorry but there are no restaurants serving Christmas food in the centre. Is there another area I could look in for you, or another type of cuisine?
No, I really wanted Christmas food in town centre, can you look for an expensive one?
I am very sorry, but there are are no restaurants that serve expensive Christmas food in the centre. Are you sure you don't want me to look in another area?
How about an Indian restaurant in the centre? In the expensive range.
There are several Indian options in the expensive price range in the town centre. How about The Golden Curry?
Yes, please give me their phone number.
Of course! The Golden Curry can be reached at 01223329432. May I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. I'd like to leave the restaurant by 5:00.
Sure! Look for a white volvo to pick you up. In case you need it, the contact number is 07979170593. May I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you. Enjoy your visit.
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called royal standard
Royal Standard is located at 290 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like to know more about the restaurant?
I'd like to book for 1 person at 1145 on thursday please
Sorry, looks like there's no availability. Want to try another day or time slot?
what about we try booking for Friday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : PJ7X1NHS.
Ok thank you that is all I needed.
Thank you for using our services.
I'm looking for a restaurant in Cambridge called Nandos City Centre.
Nandos city centre is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street.
I want to book a table for 4 people at 15:00 on wednesday. Please give me a reference number.
Sure thing! Your reference number is LYIENP77. Can I help you with anything else today?
I need to find a guesthouse style hotel please.
The a and b is a guesthouse style hotel in the east area.
What is its star rating? I am looking for a place with a star of 0.
I have results for 2 guesthouses with 0 star ratings, one is in the north and one is in the centre. Which area do you prefer?
Which one has free parking and wifi? I will need a phone number, price range and area as well please.
The city centre north b and b has parking and wifi. It is in the north area. Would you like to book this hotel?
I don't want a booking. Just give me the phone number and price range, please.
The City Centre North B and B has a cheap price range. It's phone number is 01223312843.
That's all I need. Thank you!
You're welcome. Are you sure I can't help you with transportation between sites? 
I am sure. Thank you so much.
You are welcome. have a good day
Hello, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for a place to dine. It should be moderately priced and located in the centre.
We have 21 restaurants to choose from. Is there a certain food type that interests you?
I don't really care what type of food it is. Any of them will do. 
We have a wonderful Asian restaurant, called Yippee Noodle Bar, would you like to try there? 
Sure, I'll try it. Can I get their phone number and post code?
Of course, their phone number is 01223518111 and the post code is cb11lh.  I can make a reservation for you if you'd like, or help with something else.
Great I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse that includes free parking.
Excellent. Do you have an idea on the location?
Any location is fine, but I would prefer something that is in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry, but we don't have any expensive guesthouses. All the expensive properties are hotels.
Okay, I guess it'll save me some dough if I try for a place that's more moderately priced.
There are a total of 12 guesthouses  that are moderately priced in town. Are you sure there isn't a particular section you would like to stay in?
Any of them will do. Pick your favorite and let me know what area they're in, and their postcode and how many stars they have?
Acorn Guest House is located in the north at 154 Chesterton Road. It is moderately priced and has four stars. The post code is 	cb41da. 
Thank you. That is all I need today.
Your very welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I am trying to find a train leaving after 14:45 that's heading out from London Liverpool Street. What do you have?
There are 45 trains that fit your criteria. Please clarify your destination, day of travel and the time you want to arrive by so that i can narrow it down
I need a train to Cambridge on Tuesday.
I have five departures fitting your criteria on the :39 of the hour from 15:39 to 23:39. Would you like me to book any of these for you?
Yes please do book the 15:39 
Great, that's train TR5245, leaving london liverpool street going to cambridge at 15:39. I booked 1 ticket for you which is payable at the station. 
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
There are 33 restaurants that match that criteria, what type of food do you wish to eat?   
i am looking for something that serves italian cuisine
There are four Italian restaurants, would you like their names?
So long as they're expensive,  and in the center of town, I would, thank you.
They are all expensive. There is Stazione, Clowns Cafe, Don Pasquale Pizzeria, and Caffe Uno. 
Ok, thank you. One more thing. What was the price of the train ticket?
The total fee for the train is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks.
Okay I am glad I could be of assistance. Don'y hesitate to call us again.
Thank you very much. I will let you go now.
Thank you very much.
I appreciate the help.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre
Can you help me find a place to dine?
Sure! What type of food would you like to eat in what area?
I would like some North Indian Food that is expensive, in the south. 
We don't have any North Indian restaurants, though we do have many Indian restaurants.
Indian food would be fine then, can you tell me the name?
There are several Indian Restaurants, may I suggest The Golden Curry in the Centre. It sounds like just what you are looking for.
I was actually hoping for a restaurant in the south.  Are there any available?  
I found one called taj tandoori. Want more information?
More information please 
It is expensive and in the south. 
Can I get the postcode for that please?
Sure! The post code is cb17aa.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a nightclub. I'll need the postcode, please?
The Ballare is a nightclub in the centre of town. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. 
I'll try that. What's the postcode please?
Their postcode is cb23na. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks.   That was all I needed today.  Goodbye.
Thank you so much and you have a good night also.
Hi, can you help me find a train that leaves after 18:45 Monday?
Can you tell me where you want to depart from and want to go to? 
I am leaving cambridge to go to london liverpool street.
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No preference on arrival. As long as it leaves after 18:45. 
How many tickets do you need?
I just need one ticket.
The TR0117 leaves at 19:59 and arrives at 21:27. Would you like me to book it on this train?
That's all I needed about the train I also need some information on a restaurant called The Gandhi
Your search engine does not include the restaurant I've inquired about.
Uhm? Do you have any info about the Gandhi? I'd like the phone number, address, and area. 
The Gandhi is located at 72 Regent Street City Center and offers cheap Indian cuisine.
Do you have the phone number of the restaurant? Also, what area of town is it in?
The Gandhi is in the city centre, and their phone number is 01223353942. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes could I also have their address?
Sure. The address is 72 Regent Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Could you help me find a place to dine on my trip?
Absolutely!  Do you have any preferences on area, price, or food type?
I really want to treat myself so I was thinking expensive european food.
I have 5 restaurants that are expensive european. Is there a certain area of town you would like?
Any part of town will do so kindly recommend something and give me the postcode and address
How about Eraina in the centre area.  The address is Free School Lane City Centre.  The phone number is 01223368786.  
Oh and I'm going to need a place to stay.  Can you find me an expensive 4 star hotel that includes free wifi please?
There are two hotels that match your requirements.  One is in the west and one is in the centre.  Do you have a preference of area? 
It doesn't matter but can you find one in the expensive price range? 
In that case, I recommend University Arms Hotel. It's in the same area as the restaurant and may be more convenient.
That will be fine can you get me the address and postcode.
Sure! The address is Regent Street. The postcode is cb21ad. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, thank you for your help. Good-bye.
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
I want a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. what is the address and phone number?
I have found two that may work. first, la margherita is at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre, phone is 01223 315232. second one serves vietnamese at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre, number is 01223 362456
Is there anything else, if so give me their address and phone number.
Those are the only listings in the west part of town. Would you like to change your location or price range?
No thank you.  
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's fine.  Thank you!
Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Restaurant system.
I need to find a hotel quick, can you make it happen?
Definitely! Do you have an area or price range in mind?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the East part of town.  I prefer something expensive also.
I have the express by holiday inn cambridge. 15-17 norman way, coldhams buisness park. Would you like to book there? 
Yes that would be great, thank you.
When would you like your booking for?
I need it booked for 3 people for 5 nights starting Saturday. 
Your reservation has been made for 3 people, 5 days beginning Saturday. Your reference number is:  UX99D4XR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would also like a place to go in the same area as the hotel.
What sort of place are you looking for?
What is the postcode for the hotel? I would also like to visit a museum.
The hotel postcode is cb13lh. There are 4 museums in the area I recommend cambridge museum of technology. It cost 5 pounds but there are free art museums.
That technology museum sounds interesting. Do you have the postcode, please?
yes its cb13ef can I help you with anything else ?
i am  looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve hungarian food and should be in the south.
Regretfully, we have nothing like that in the south.
Oh well, no goulash or Chicken Paprika for me. :( Mexican is always a good standby, any mexican palces around there?
Yes! There is chiquito restaurant bar
May I have their postcode and price range?
The postcode is cb17dy and the price range is expensive. 
thanks I need to find a theatre in the same general area as the restaurant
Okay, The Junction is located in the south. 
That sounds like a nice place. What is their postcode and phone number?
The post code is cb17gx, and the phone number is 01223511511. Is there any additional information that you need?
Nope. You've answered all of my questions today. Thank you.
Thank you for using our services.  We hope to see you again.
I'm looking for places to eat in the North part of town.
its called city stop restaurant, serves european food and address is Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton
Is it a cheap restaurant?
No, it is expensive.
I need a cheap place, please.
Royal spice is cheap and looks great.
Thanks, will you please book a table for 6 people on saturday at 12:45?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Q91F26L3.
Perfect! Thank you for all of your help.
You're more than welcome. May I do anything else for you today?
Wait, I might want to change my mind about that restaurant. Are there any that serve food from Corsica?
No, there are none fitting that description, sir. Sorry about that.
I figured, my wife asks me odd random question sometimes, had to check.   I am all set, thanks.
Do you need any further assistance?
No, thank you. No further questions for now. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking
There are many options that could satisfy your request, what price range do you require?
I don't care about the price range. I do want to be in the north, though.
There are 9 possibilities in either the cheap or moderate price range. Which do you prefer?
how about something in the north?
How about acorn guest house?
try there for three nights then give me the reference number
Can you tell me for how many people and on what day?
i want booking for four people
What day do you need to check in?
I'll arrive on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 6WKSPADC.
Great. That takes care of all my needs for now. Thanks!
Terrific, glad I could help. Don't hesitate to contact us if you need anything else.
Hello, I would like to find the el shaddai hotel. Can you help me?
The El Shaddai Hotel is located at 41 warkworth street, would yo+u like the phone number?
Can I book a stay there for 1 person for 5 nights starting tuesday please?
Your booking was successful, reference number is 8T4AJ6P9, 1 person for 5 nights starting Tuesday at the El Shaddai. Can I help you with anything else? 
Nope, that'll do it. Thanks for your help!
Thank you, goodbye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge. I'm looking for a train.
sure what day are you traveling?
I plan to travel on friday.
Where are you departing from? 
I am departing from Broxbourne and I would like the train to arrive by 10:00. What is the price for this?
The TR5570 train will work. Would you like me to book you passage?
No thanks. I just need the price per ticket. 
It will cost you 17.90
Okay thank you, I'm also looking for an Indian restaurant in the east that is expensive.
I would suggest this one the golden curry. 
Please book that one for 8 people on Friday at 17:00.
your all set! Reference # is TKNF8H2H. Anything else today?
no, that is all. Thanks, goodbye.
Have a great day. 
Can you help me find a hotel in the north that includes free parking?
There are two matching results for your needs. The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. 
Are either in the moderate price range?
Yes they are. 
Can you give me the postcode and star rating for Lovell Lodge and tell me if they have wifi?
lovell lodge is in postcode area cb41sr, and is a 2 star location with free wifi.
Thank you so much! I appreciate your help today.
Is there anything else  I can help you with?
Thats all thank you !
You're very welcome. If you need information or reservations, we'd be happy to assist.
Thanks again for your help. Have a great day. 
Thank you, goodbye!
I am looking for theatres to visit in town. Any suggestions?
Yes, there are 5 theatres in town. 4 in the centre and 1 in the south. Do you have a preference?
Can I have the phone number and postcode for the one in the south?
The phone number for the Junction is 01223511511 and the postcode is cb17gx. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free parking and has 2 stars.
Would the Ashley Hotel be okay? They are a moderately priced hotel that is located in the north.
Actually, can you find me one that offers free wifi and parking that has a 2-star rating? I prefer the north area still. 
Yes, Ashley hotel will work for all those specifications. 
Awesome! Can I have the address and postcode for that hotel? Thanks!
Certainly, ashley hotel is located at 74 chesterton road, postcode cb41er. Do you need any other information?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks so much!
You're welcome. Have a great time!
I need a place to stay on the west side of town, and I definitely need free wifi.
I will be more than happy to help you find one. Do you prefer a certain price range?
Price doesn't really matter, but I'd like it to include internet and parking please.
I have 2 hotels and 2 guesthouses in the west area with wifi and parking. Do you have a preference? 
A hotel, please.
We have two: Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, and the Cambridge Belfry.
The  Huntingdon Marriott Hotel will work. Can I have the phone number and address?
Of course. The address I have is Kingfisher way, Hinchinbrook business park, Huntingdon. Their phone number is 01480446000. Would you like me to book your stay?
No, that's all I need. I will give them a call myself. Thank you!
You're very welcome. Have a nice day! Bye!
Hello!  Can you give me information about trains going to Cambridge and leaving on Wednesday?
There are over 200 trains leaving. Do you have a specific  time you'd like to arrive by?
I am looking to depart from steveage and leave after 11:15 please.
The first train after 11:15 is the TR6473, leaving Stevenage 11:54, arriving Cambridge 12:43. Would this be to your liking?
Yes please can you book seats for 4 people and give me the reference number?
Your booking was completed and the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : HHBT7E2N.
I also need a place to stay. Can you recommend an expensive hotel in the north?
Unfortunately there are no expensive hotels in the north. I could check another area if you would like. 
Are there any expensive places to stay in the north? It doesn't need to be a hotel, but I would like free parking.
Unfortunately, there are no hotels available with your preferences. Would you like me to find you one in a different price range or area?
How about one in the east?
I have the express by holiday inn cambridge that is expensive. Would you like to book a stay?
Yes please, book the hotel and give the address with the postcode. Thanks.
The addres is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park, cb13lh. When would you like to stay?
I'd like you to book it for Wednesday night for 4 people.
How many nights would you like to stay?
Just one night please. 
I'm sorry, my system is not allowing me to book that location for some reason.  Would you like to try again?
Please try one in the east. 
Express by holiday inn cambridge is the only expensive hotel in the east. Would you like to try a different price range?
Yes, can you try one in the moderate price range please?
There are two moderately price hotels there, would you like to try the wankworth house?
Yes, can I get the post code please?
Certainly!  The post code is cb11ee.
Alright that's all I needed today thank you so much.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Enjoy your trip!
I am looking for information on a restaurant called caffe uno
There is a caffe uno at 32 Bridge St., would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
Yes please. I need a reservation for 4 people, at 15:15, and I'd like that for Saturday,please.
Here is the booking information.Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 9ZL6WG4I.
I am also in need of a hotel, preferably a guesthouse that is in the north and has free parking and wifi.
The Acorn Guesthouse is a moderately priced, 4-star accommodation with internet and parking. Would that suit you?
Yes, please book me for 4 people 4 nights, starting saturday
I apologize but the hotel booking system appears to be down at the moment.  Can I help you with something else?
Please try for wednesday instead and see if that works
I'm sorry, I can't book anything right now.
Is there another guesthouse that you can try?
Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : 89C4TDSA. 
Thank you, I need a taxi too back and forth between the two places. I need to get to the place to eat on time. 
A blue volvo is booked. The contact number is 07059000529. Will that be all for you today?
Yes thank you. You have been so helpful and made this process easy.
Great, thanks for talking to us today!
Can I get some help with resolving a dispute about a car accident?
call the Parkside Police Station at 01223358966
Thank you for the information.  Could you also give me the address and postcode?
Yes, the telephone number is 01223358966. The station is located in Parkside, Cambridge, post code CB11JG. 
Thank you for your help. That is all I need.
I'm glad we could help. Good luck!
I would like to find a hotel in the east. Can you help me?
Sure, Express by holiday inn cambridge is located in the east. Free internet & parking 2 stars. Phone number is 01223866800 
I'd actually like to find a guesthouse in the east instead. I'd still like it to have free wifi. 
I have about 6 different ones. Do you have a preference on price range? I have cheaper options and moderately priced ones. 
The price does not matter. I would like it to be booked for 7 people for 2 nights starting from Friday.
I can book you into the allenbell. It is a cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
Great, let's try booking a room there.
The booking was unsuccessful do you have another choice?
Maybe just a one night stay then, try that. 
Alright, I was successful in booking the Allenbell for Friday for 7 people at one night. Your reference code is 7D76ELJF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also find me an expensive British restaurant in the same area as the hotel?
The grafton hotel restaurant sounds perfect for you. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes please. Could you provide me with their postcode, phone number, and address as well?
What time on Friday would you like to reserve your table?  Also, will it be the 7 people?
Actually, no need to book. I just need the postcode, phone number and address for the Grafton Hotel Restaurant. Thanks. 
It is located at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58pa. Their phone number is 01223241387. Can I assist you with anything else?
I'd like to book a taxi from the hotel at 18:30 to the restaurant.
Your booking is completed. Your car type is a blue bmw and contact number is 07515734744. May I help you with anything else?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks so much for your help!
Thank you for using our system!
I want a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town. What is the phone number?
Would you prefer Indian food or Italian food?
I don't care. Give me their phone number.
Curry Prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east part of town that serves Indian food. Would you like the phone number?
Yes give me the phone number.
The phone number for Curry Prince is 01223 566388. 
Awesome, thank you! Goodbye!
You're welcome, goodbye.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am interested in local restaurants. 
We have over 110 restaurants to choose from.  Can you tell me what your pricerange and/or style of food might be to narrow it down?
I am looking for a train.
they are so many. if you can tell us were you are going and day we can help
I need to go to kings lynn on thursday.
When do you need to be in Kings Lynn on Thursday?  I have 19 trains with a variety of departure times that may work for you.
I need a 5:00 pm departure time thank you 
There is no 5:00 train from cambridge to kings lynn on thursday, but there is TR7239 that leaves at 5:11. Would that work?
Yes, can I have the train ID and travel time, please?
TR7239 departs from Cambridge at 5:11 on Thursday and arrives at Kings Lynn by 5:58. The duration of travel is 47 minutes. Do you need assistance booking it?
No need to book it, but I would like to find a gastropub restaurant in the east please. 
the royal standard is located in that area. would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes please, could you book a table for 7 at 11:15 on thursday. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 1DX9H02O. Do you need any further assistance today?
That is all I need today. 
Have a nice day, goodbye!
I wold like to book a room near downtown that has wi-fi and a free parking.
There are 4 options. Do you have a price you would like to stick with? 
Actually, I think that what I really want is a hotel that is in the same area as a swimming pool.  Are there any public swimming pools in town?
Parkside Pools are in the centre of town, if that would be okay.
get me the address, phone number, and area. i am also looking for a 4 start place to stay in the north
Parkside pools is gonville place. The area is the centre and phone number is 01223446100. 
I also need a place to stay, it should be 4 stars, in the north and include free wifi.  
We have six 4-star guesthouses in the north that might suit you. I can recommend Archway House. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I'll need it for 5 nights starting from sunday. Oh, and book it for 7 people!
I'm sorry I was unable to book it for 7 people, would you like to try for another day or a shorter stay?
Can you see if they have anything for 2 nights?
Yes, I was able to book your 7 person, 2-night stay beginning on Sunday.  The reference number is G2ZC5BAH.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that should be all.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye. 
Thank you for contacting us today.  Goodbye. 
i will be in cambridge and need a place to stay in the north. I hate internet. 
Alpha milton guesthouse is a nice laid back place and does not include internet, does that sound like a good fit for you?
Is that a 4-star place?
No, it's a 3 star guesthouse. Do you want to look for something different?
Sorry, I was just kidding about the hating internet part. I do need a place that has free wifi. 
I have 8 guesthouses in the north with free wifi, one is cheap the others are in the moderate price range.
Any place is fine, can you please book me for 6 people and 2 nights starting on monday?
I've booked your group of 6 a room at Acorn Guest House. You'll be staying for 2 night beginning on Monday. Your reference number is 76ODNSBF.
Thank you so much for all your help.
welcome anytime you ant our help
I am  looking for a particular attraction.
Do you have the name of the particular attraction you are looking for or the type of attraction you need?
regency gallery, do you have their phone number?
yes, it is 01223365454
OK, thank you so much, that is all that I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train on Friday that leaves after 21:45.
Sure. Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Cambridge and I want to go to Stansted Airport.
For an arrival of what time?
I need to leave after 21:45.
How about TR3864, which leaves at 22:40? They arrive at 23:08. 
Yes how long is the journey please?
The travel time for that train will be 28 minutes.
Alright. thank you very much
May I help with anything else?
No, that's it for now. Have a good day. Bye!
Okay.  Glad we could help!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre.
Okay! What kind of place would you like to go?
I'm wanting to see the new Reese Witherspoon movie. Would they happen to have a cinema in that area? 
Yes, this is the only cinema in the area vue cinema.
Could you tell me the postcode of that cinema?
Vue cineman is located in the centre of town. Their post code is cb11ps
Great!  I also want a restaurant in the same area, something expensive, please?
There are more than two dozen expensive restaurants in that area.  What cuisine would you like?
I'm not picky. Whichever one you choose will be fine. I just need a phone number, address, and postcode please. 
Alright It's called Bedouin it's an African cuisine. The information is the following; phone 01223367660, address 100 Mill Road City Centre, and the postcode is cb12bd.
Can you reserve me a taxi? I need it to take me from the restaurant to the movies. 
What movie theater would you like to go to?
Going to Vue cineman
Do you have a departure time ?
I want to leave the restaurant by 11:00.
Ok, I've booked you a taxi to the cinema. It's a black volkswagen and the contact number is	:	07722633912
I need to buy a bus. 
You need a bus as well as the taxi I already booked?
i need a taxi to leave the restaurant  by 11:00
Yes, I already booked that for you. As I said before, it's a black volkswagen and the contact number is 07722633912.
Thank you for booking the car for me.
Would there be anything else ?
That is all, enjoy the rest of your day.
I am glad that I can help. Have a nice stay.
I am looking for somewhere to dine during my trip to Cambridge.
There are plenty of restaurants in Cambridge, are you looking for anything in particular?
I'd like one that is cheap and in the city center.
Did you have a certain food type you wanted? I have chinese, asian, oriental, italian, spanish  and several other types.
I don't have a type preference. 
would you be interested in dojo noodle bar?
Yes, that sounds interesting.  Can you also please find the hotel avalon.  Please let me know their address and whether they have free parking.
The Avalon address is 62 Gilbert Road and they do not have free parking.  Would you like me to book you a reservation at the restaurant?
I also need a taxi that will leave the hotel by 08:30.
What is your destination?
My destination is the dojo noodle bar. 
look out for a yellow honda  and the contact will be 07009665644
Great!  That is all I needed.  Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I need a place to go in the centre.
There are many great attractions in Centre, do you have a particular type in mind?
I don't have anything specific in mind, what are some of the most popular attractions in the centre?
There are a lot of architecture type of attractions available. Would like information about one of those? Perhaps, a church like All Saints Church?
I need their postcode please.
Sure.  Postcode is cb58bs and they are located on Jesus Lane.
Thanks! I also need a restaurant in the centre.
We have many excellent choices in the centre. Do you have a preference for type of food or pricerange?
no specific food type
I'd recommend the Yippee Noodle Bar unless you'd like to narrow your search down further by food type or price range?
I'm looking for something upscale in the expensive price range.
I have 5 restaurants available in the centre of town in the expensive price range. Do you have a food preference?
No, can you recommend one and book a table for 7 people?
I'd recommend Midsummer House in the centre of town.  It's expensive.  What day and time would you like for me to reserve you a table?
It will be on Wednesday at 12:30. 
Reference number is : 0Q5AF18F. What else may I do for you?
can you also help me find a place to stay?
Absolutely, do you have any preferences?
It doesn't matter, thanks. By the way, will you please book me a taxi to take me from the church to the restaurant?
Ok great. Do you have a preference on time?
I need the taxi to arrive by 12:30 on Wednesday to the restaurant i booked. . 
I have booked a black volvo arriving at midsummer house restaurant by 12:30 on Wednesday and their contact number is 07420307177.
Thank you, thats all need today.
welcome anytime you need our help
Okay, you have a great day now.
Thank you , you too.
I'm looking for a hotel with a 4 star rating to stay at and I don't need to have internet. Can you help?
I have about 3 options that meet those requirements. All offer free parking and internet. 2 are expensive and 1 is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Tell me about the expensive options. 
They are the Huntingdon Marriot Hotel which is in the west area, and the University Arms Hotel which is in the Centre.  
The University Arms sounds good. 
Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I need it for 8 people, 2 nights from Monday. 
Okay. Your booking was successful and your reference number is HLD21MYL.
Perfect. You have been so much help!
I'm glad I could help you today. Is there anything else you need?
Yes please, I also need a train to Cambridge, on Thursday.
What town are you leaving from? What time do you want to depart or arrive, please?
I will be leaving Cambridge and arriving at Ely.
We have 10 trains that match your criteria. The TR0996 leaves at 05:50 and gets to Ely by 06:07. Would you like to book you a seat on it?
No thank you. I just need the price and travel time please.
Sure! The travel time is 17 minutes and it costs 144.40 pounds.
Thank you. That is all I need.
Thank you for calling today. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do to help. Goodbye.
I am looking for a particular restaurant called city stop restaurant.
It is an expensive european restaurant in the north part of town. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, I would. Please reserve a table for 4 at 17:30 on Thursday. I would like the reference number as well, please.
Alright, I've booked a table for 4 at 17:30 on Thursday. Your reference number is VLG5U01Z.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You too, enjoy your meal!
I'd like to visit a college in the center of town. Could you help me find something interesting?
How about Downing College?  It has free admission and is located on Regent Street/
That sounds great! Can I have their phone number and postcode, please?
Downing College's phone is 01223334860 and their postcode is cb21dq. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that was all I needed to know. Thank you, you've been very helpful.
You're welcome, enjoy your day. 
Is there a latin american restaurant in the center?
There are no Latin American restaurants in the centre. Would you like information about a different style of food?
sure, what else is there?
I have 69 total restaurants in the centre with varying cuisines. Do you have a preference?
how about latin american food?
I have no latin american restaurants in the centre. Perhaps another part of the city?
Why don't we try for lebanese food instead
There is Ali Baba, that is lebanese. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please. There will be 3 of us for Tuesday at 13:30.
All right, sir, I'm happy to say the booking was successful. Would you like the reservation number?
Of course I'll need that.
Reference number is : B5CPU2X5.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
that is it. thanks
You are more than welcome!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.
I have 15 different restaurants matching your preferences, would you like a specific type of food? 
No, any one will be fine.  Will you pick one and send me the phone number and postcode?  
The phone number to J restaurant is 01223307581.
Thank you! I'm actually looking for places to go in town, some type of entertainment.
How about nusha? It's in the south.
That sounds great. Can i get the postcode and is there a entrance fee?
I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but their postcode is cb17dy. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a taxi to get from the restaurant to Nusha.
Okay, what time would you like to arrive in Nusha?
No, I need a taxi from Nusha to the restaurant.
Okay, what time do you need the taxi for?
it should leave by 08:15
I booked you a grey audi from nusha to j restaurant, to pick you up at 8:15.  Contact number is 07366723589.  Is there anything else I can do? 
No, thank you. That's all I need today.
I hope you have a great stay.  Goodbye.
I need a train to Ely on Monday.
I can help you with that.  Can you please tell me what station you would like to depart from?
I need to depart from cambridge after 21:45. 
There are 2 trains making that trip. One leaves at 21:50, the next at 23:50. Would you like to book one of those trains?
Yes, I'd like to book the train that leaves at 21:50.
I would like to book the train leaving at 21:50.
Did the booking go through?
yes Booking was successful, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : T5GD6FIT
Great! Can you also help me find a place to dine in the centre area?
Sure thing!  What kind of food are you looking for?  What is the price you'd like to pay - Cheap, Moderate, or Expensive?
I'm looking for European food in the city's centre and in the expensive range.  I need the address, postcode and the phone number.
How about darrys cookhouse and wine shop? Their address is 40270 King Street City Centre. Postcode is cb11ln and phone number is 01223505015.
Thank you, that was quick expedient service.  I am all set, hope you have a great day.
You're so welcome, enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for a train ticket, do you book those?
Yes, where will you be leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and going to bishops stortford.
On what day will you be traveling? Do you prefer a specific time as well?
I need to book a train going to bishops stortford from Cambridge. It needs to arrive by 14:15 on saturday. I need 8 tickets. Can I please get a reference number.
Absolutely!  You are booked for 8 seats on TR5643 leaving at 13:29 and arriving at 14:07.  The cost is 64.64 GBP due at the station.  Reference: Y6865OET 
Thank you! I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and internet. Can you find one?
Yes I have many options. What side of town did you want to stay on and what price range are you looking for.
The area doesn't matter, I'd like to stay at a guesthouse though.
I recommend the Archway House. It's a lovely place on the north side of town. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Just a couple more questions.  What is the star rating?  Also, I need to know the area of town and the phone number please.
Archway house has a 4 star rating and is located in the north area of town.    The phone is 01223575314, shall I book you a room?
No, I just need the information for now.  Thanks!
Do you have everything you need?
Yes, thank you for all your help today.  Goodbye.
My pleasure! Please call us back if you need anything else.
I need a train for this Friday that leaves anytime after 2:15 that afternoon.
There are a total of 204 trains leaving after 2:15 in the afternoon on Friday. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Stevenage please and depart from Cambridge.
There are 5 such trains. Do you want to set an arrival time?
I don't care about when it arrives.
Train TR0217 leaves at 5:21 in the afternoon, would you like me to book it?
Not right now, but I was wondering if you could tell me about expensive restaurants in the center of town.
There are 33 options. What food type do you prefer?
I don't care about the food type.
How does bedouin sound, they serve african food.
That sounds great.  What is their price range?
The bedouin is expensive. 
Let's go ahead and book that for 8 people at 10:30 on Friday, and I will need that reference number, please.
I have booked your table at the bedouin.  Your reference number is 52CPSY3C and we hope you have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should serve persian food
I am sorry. There are no person food eateries in the centre. Would you like to find a different type of food? 
Yes, I am looking for a moderate price range.
I'm sorry, we have no persian restaurants in the centre.
What about modern european foods?
Riverside brasserie looks good. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I want a reservation for 8 people at 16:00 on Sunday.
Sorry, the restaurant doesn't have any openings for that date and time.
ok. ill check latter
Alright. Have a good day.
Hi there. Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre?
Yes, there are some great choices.  Do you like a particular cuisine?
Yes I would like it to serve asian oriental
There are four options available that meet your criteria. I'd recommend the Yippee Noodle Bar. Would you like to book a table?
No, but I would like the postcode for that restaurant please.  I also need to find a place to stay.  Could you help me with that?  
The postcode of the restaurant is cb11lh. I can help you find a place to stay. Did you have a certain area in mind?
How about some place cheap, with 4 stars? 
Did you want the hotel to be in the centre area, also?
Centre area will work. but it has to be a guest house. I also need the adress and post code.
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast seems to be a good fit. They are located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road, postcode cb12de.
That was all I needed thank you. 
Alright have a great day!
I'm looking for a specific restaurant. It's called india house. Can you help with this?
Sure can.  India House is an expensive Indian restaurant in the west part of town.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes for 4 people at 16:30 on a Saturday. I will need a reference number as well.
I've made the reservation and the reference number is HD53UDCO. What else can I help you with? 
I think that takes care of everything, thanks!
Oh, it was my pleasure. I'm here if you need anything else.
Thank you. Have a great day!
You have a great day!
I need a hotel for tonight please.
I can help you with that.  Do you have a particular price point you are looking for?
It doesn't matter but I do need free parking.
I  have several hotels matching your request available.  What part of town would you prefer? 
I have no preference on the part of town, but I do need free wifi as well.
ok, that narrows it down to 8 options for you. any other preferences?
I would like it to be a guesthouse.
Well there are 21 of those spread across town so I recommend the arbury lodge guesthouse on the North side. Would you like me to book it?
Yes can you please?
What day would you like me to book the hotel for?
I apologize for not mentioning it before, Please book it starting sunday for 1 person for five days?
You're all set for Sunday.  Your reference number is NIVMCDK1.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Thanks.  Can you give me some information on All Saints Church?
Sure. What sort of information do you require?
I just need the entrance fee and postcode, please. 
Admission is free and their post code is CB5 8BS. What else can I help you with today? 
I also need a taxi that will leave All Saint's Church by 08:45
And where will the cab need to take you?
i need it to take me back to the hotel room i just reserved
No problem.  I've got a taxi booked for you.
I'm not psychic, so I will need to know what kind of car to look for, also the phone number please.
I apologize. The annual psychics convention is next week. They're very particular about being allowed to sense the information. It's a yellow skoda with contact number 	07621484267.
Thank you. 
You're welcome. Is there anything else we can help you with today?
Thank you for helping me.
Is there anything else you need?
I am looking for a palce to stay in cambridge that includes free parking and has a 4 star rating 
I have 19 results. Would you prefer a certain area or price range?
Cheap price range and a guesthouse.
ok, that helps me narrow it down a bit. Which side of town would you like it to be on
I'm not too concerned with area. Which would you recommend, and do they have internet? 
The Allenbell is very nice. It is also cheap and has 4 stars. Would you like me to book this?
The Allenbell sounds great. Can I get their phone number and postcode please? 
The number is 01223525725, and the postcode is cb12de.
Thank you.  I also need a train on Friday.
I will need a bit more information.  Where will you be departing from and what is your destination?
The train departs from King's Lynn on Friday at 12:30 and goes to Cambridge.
I can not find a train leaving at 12:30. Would a train at 13:11 work for you?
Yes, that would work for me. Can you book me 4 tickets please? 
You are all booked for train TR0674 at 13:11. Your total fee will be 39.2 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is WJXW4VRV. Anything else for today?
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
I hope you have a nice trip.  Goodbye.
Yes I am looking for a train to arrive by 20:45 that is leaving Cambridge.
Is there a specific date of travel?
Yes, I'd like to leave on Sunday.
And where you you like to leave from and go to ?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn, to visit my sister! Haven't seen her in forever.
TR3212 Leaves at 05:11 and arrives at 05:58. Can I book that for you?
Yes, for six people. I will need the reference number. Thank you. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.04 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : L5RUWCHN.
I will also need a place to stay. A guesthouse and it should include free wifi .
Okay, I can look that up for you.  Did you want to stay in a particular area of town?
I don't care about the area, but it needs to be cheap and have free parking.
I can see if there are rooms available at Alexander Bed and Breakfast in Centre. They are cheap, have free parking as well as free internet.
Sounds great, can you give me their phone number?
Their number is 01223525725.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day. 
Hi, can you help me find a train from kings lynn on Monday?
Sure! There are 19 trains departing from Kings Lynn on Monday. What is your destination so I can narrow down the list for you?
Cambridge is my destination, please.
How many tickets would you like?
I will need 6 tickets.
The TR4943 leaves Kings Lynn at 05:11, would you like me to book your seats on that train?
Yes, is there a reference number?  I also am looking for a place to dine in the north area of town that serves chinese food.
There are three places that serve Chinese in the North, what is your price-range?
Moderate please and thank you.
The golden wok fits your criteria. Is there anything else I could help you with today? 
Can you book me a table there for Monday at 14:30?
Yes of course, just tell me how many guests before I can process.
There will be 6 of us.
That place is not open at that time. Shall I try another?
Could you try for 13:30?
I was able to book the restaurant for you. The reference number is OESBPDPB. What else can I help you with?
That will be all. Thank you so much for all of your help!
you are welcome. its been our pleasure to serve you. 
I am looking for information on the Yippee Noodle bar.
Sure! Yipee Noodle Bar is a moderately priced Asian Oriental restaurant in the centre of town. What other other information can I get for you? 
can i get the address and phone number?
Sure, yippee noodle bar is located at 40428 King Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223518111. How else may  I assist you?
On second thought, could you book me a table for 5 people at 12:30 on Sunday?
The Yippee Noodle Bar doesn't have a table available at that time. Would you like to try another?
Sure, please try for 11:30 Sunday.  Still 5 people.  Thanks.
All right, your table is reserved. The reference number is GVNN1K5V. 
Thanks for your help.
No problem! Thank you, and have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a moderate restaurant in the centre. What would you recommend?
I found few restaurant that serve Asian and British food which food you prefer?
Lets go with Asian. Can you book a table for 7 at 12:00 on Wednesday?
Okay, I have booked you a table at Yippee Noodle Bar. Your reference number is OWLN59MN.
Thank you but I also need a train that is going to leicester and should depart from cambridge
Sure thing - what day are you traveling, and at what time?
I will be traveling on Thursday and I need the train to arrive by 12:00.
TR1755 arrives in leicester at 11:06. Would you like tickets on that train?
Yes please give me the reference number
How many seats will you need?
Actually, I won't need you to book tickets. But can I please get the price and travel time for TR1755?
The travel time is 105 minutes and costs 37.80 pounds.
ok that would work go ahead and book that
How many tickets would you need? 
Just for myself, please.
Okay. I have a booking and reference number for you. It is YE2KMQB2.
Oops, I actually didn't want tickets just yet, but I guess I'm stuck with them! Thanks for your help anyway, totally my fault.
Thank you for using our service have a great day. 
I'm looking for a good museum to visit in the center of town.  Can you recommend anything?
There are 11 museums in the centre. The broughton house gallery doesn't have a fee. Would you like more information?
Yes, please. Can I get the phone number?
broughton house gallery's phone number is 01223314960
I also need a train going to Cambridge and need to arrive by 15:30.
And where will you be departing from?
I am departing from norwich on Tuesday. 
TR2098 will arrive in Cambridge at 14:35 on Tuesday. Would you like to book passage on that train?
No thank you. Could you just tell me the departure time?
Yes, it leaves at 13:16.
Thanks for being so helpful.  That is all I need today.  Bye.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, can you help me find a museum?
Is there a certain area you're interested in? We have lots of museums in town.
Can you choose the one you like the best and tell me the postcode, phone number, and address?
I would suggest the broughton house gallery in the centre of town. Their address is 98 King Street, the post code cb11In, and the phone is 01223314960. It is free.
Thank you, that is all I need for today, goodbye.
Okay. Glad I could help. Have a great time. Goodbye.
Please help me look for a train that leaves on Friday and arrives at its destination by 1:15 PM.
Where would you be departing from? 
I am leaving from Cambridge.
Thank you. And where are you headed to?
cambridge and should go to norwich.for 6 people.I need the the reference number
Great. The TR2557 arrives by 12:55, so I have booked it for 6 people. Your reference number is X56LPMKM. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a expensive restaurant that serves south african food. 
I am sorry I have no listings for that type of food any other types I can look up?
Could you check the city center for me?
I don't have any South African restaurants at any price range anywhere in the city. Would you like to try a different type?
How about indian? 
May I suggest Curry Garden. It is in the expensive price range and in the Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please and a confirmation number too
When will you be dining and how many guests?
I don't need a booking quite yet, could you get me the postcode?
Sure thing the postcode is cb21dp. Anything else I can do for you?
that is it for today thank you very much
No problem, thank you for choosing Cambridge Towne Info Centre. Have a great day! 
I'm looking for train information that leaves broxbourne after 0800. Can you help?
The TR3005 train leaves Broxbourne on Friday at 8:32 and will arrived at Cambridge at 9:32. Would you like me to book you?
Yes, please! That would be great. Thank you!
How many tickets do you need?
I only need one ticket.
I have booked a ticket for one and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : DFSN06MO.
I also need a cheap place to stay with free parking.
There are several in that price range. Did you have a particular area in mind?
I do not. Can you make a suggestion?
Yes, I would suggest allenbell
It should also be a guesthouse with a 4 star rating. Do you think Allenbell would work?
Yes, allenbell meets all that criteria. Would you like me to book?
No, but could I get their address?
Yes, they are at 517a coldham lane, postal is cb13js, can I assist with anything else today?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
Thank you. You as well!
Can I please book a train to bishops stortford on saturday?
Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by 17:30.
I have the TR0121 train available. It departs from Cambridge at 15:29 and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. Please book for 2 people. 
Your passage has been booked. 16.16 GPB will be payable at the station and your reference number is ZVFTQ0X3. Will that be all?
Thank you. I also need help finding a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi 
May I ask a price range that you would like?
I don't care about price. It needs to be in the north, however.
We have many guesthouses located in the north, many of which are 4 stars. May I recommend the Kirkwood House located in the north for a moderate price with 4 stars?
Does the Kirkwood House include free parking? 
Yes it most certainly does.
Hi, I want a place to eat in the town centre.
Is there a specific price range or type of food you would like?
expensive and european food please ?
I would recommend Eraina, located on Free Lane City Centre.  
Yes, I would like that choice. Can you book me a table for 5 people?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 65F65VJP.
Can you also give me information regarding a hotel called the bridge guest house?
I'd be happy to. It is a 3 star, moderate price range guesthouse located in the south part of town. Would you like to reserve a room?   
Yes please book for the same group of people and 2 nights starting from the same day.
Sorry, which day was that for? 
Saturday, please. Sorry, I don't know how I forgot that information!
Done! Your reference number is E8KMB5OZ. Can I help you with anything else?
I will need a taxi between the two places in time for the restaurant reservation.  (Though, oddly enough, you didn't even ask about that when you made the rez..)
Yes that is odd. What time did you need that booked for? It looks like it was booked with no day or time..
I need the taxi to get me to the restaurant by the booked time
what time do you want to leave?
I would like to leave at 16:00 to ensure I make the restaurant on time.  Please provide me with a contact number and the car type.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	red skoda Contact number	:	07228054313
Can you please confirm that the restaurant is booked for Saturday at 17:00?
The booking was already done.
Okay, I'm all set then. Thank you so much.
You are most welcome. Have a great day.
i need a place to stay
Luckily there is something for everyone here. Could you tell me a little more about what you're looking for?
2 stars, free parking and WiFi, located in the south, please. 
There are no hotels with a 2 star rating that meet your criteria. However, we have several 3 and 4 star options. Would you be interested in one of those?
do you have a 2 star in the east ?
We do. Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Would you like their number, or a reservation?
Can you reserve me a room for Friday for 4 people, 2 nights please? 
I was able to book you per your request.  Your reference number is : F91TKJ02.
Okay, great. Thank you!
Thank you. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for a theatre to visit. Do you have any recommendations?
We have five choice, any preferences?
No, just one you think is the best. 
I highly suggest the Junction on Clifton Way.
Sounds great. Can I get the address and phone number please? 
They are on Clifton Way. Their phone number is 01223511511	
I also need to know what area that is in?
It is in the South part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, one more thing. I need a taxi from the theatre to the hotel. 
What are the times you would like to leave and/or arrive?
I need to leave Junction on Clifton Way by 7:45 and go to Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
 Booking completed! Booked car type	:	blue skoda Contact number	:	07267403400
Thank you, that's all I need today.
you are welcome, call me in case you need anything else.
I need a tax going to tang chinese.
Sure, where are you coming from?
I'll be coming from whale of a time
I can help you with that booking, what time are you wanting to leave/arrive by?
I need to arrive by 05:15.
Okay I have a grey lexus and the contact number is 07087526103. Anything else I can help you with? 
Nothing else right now. Thanks for the booking. Goodbye.
Happy to help! 
Hi, I'll be traveling to Cambridge soon and would like to find a restaurant that serves Indian food.
There are 22 results for Indian restaurants, do you have a particular price range in mind, or area you'd like to dine in?
How about a cheap indian restaurant located in the north please.
Sure, I'd recommend the Royal Spice restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes that sounds great. There will be 4 of us and we'd like the table for 15:15 on Saturday, please.
We were able to book that table for you!  Would you like your reference number?
Yes, I do need that number, please.
Sure thing! It is P4ZW4FGI.
Great I also am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the north part of town
There are 8 guesthouses with your preferences. Will you be needing internet or parking?
yes both. reference number please? 
I can try to get you a booking at Archway House. What day will you be checking in, how many will be staying, and for how many nights?
There will be 4 people checking in and staying two nights starting from the same day. I will also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant ontime and the hotel.
Let's get your hotel booked and then we will do the taxi. I have you booked at Archway House on Saturday. Reference number is C1419C84.
Ok great, can we get a taxi booked now?  I need it to get me to the restaurant by the time we booked.
Where would you like to taxi to pick you up from?
Royal spice, please
Great! I have a red honda picking you up. Your contact number is 07485551349. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I think that will be all for now, thanks. Bye. 
I'm glad help and hope you have a pleasant trip.
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants.  Can you help me find a place that serves Russian food?
I am sorry there are no local russian restaurants. Would you consider trying something different?
Sure, can you look up chinese food instead?
I have 17 chinese restaurants. Is there a certain area or price range you have in mind?
Can we try something expensive.
There are 9 expensive Chinese places. What area are you looking in?
It doesn't matter. Just choose one for me. I'll need to know the area that it's located in. 
peking restaurant is in the south.
Great! I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should be in the type of guesthouse.
great, i have 23 options for you!
Wow. That seems like a lot. I don't need free parking, if that helps to narrow the search.
the a and b guest house seems perfect. Shall I book it ?
Yes, please. I need rooms for 3 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M8DI9LRQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! I also need to book a taxi there, leaving my hotel at 4:00. Can you please do that, and give me the contact number and car type?
Your booking was susccessful. Your car is a blue lexus and its contact number is 07202318710. 
I do think that is all I need. Thanks. Good day. 
You're welcome, have a great day!
Yeah, I'm hoping to find a cheap place to stay. Can you help with that?
Of course! What part of town would you like to stay in?
I don't have an area preference but it should have a star of 4 and have free parking.
Sure.  How about the Allenbell?  It is in the east and fits all of your needs. 
Okay that sounds great.
Would you like me to make a booking for you?
what's the postcode?
The postcode is cb13js. Would you like a reservation?
What sort of hotel is it? Guest house or hotel?
its a guesthouse
Yes please go ahead and book it. I'm also looking for a train.
How many people and how many nights should I make the booking for?
I just need the postcode and hotel type.
sure it is a guesthouse and the postcode is cb13js, anything else today?
That is all, thank you so much
You earlier mentioned you need train information. Starting from what city and ending at what city?
cambridge, travel time, arrival time, and price please 
I'm sorry, I don't understand your response. Could you please verify from where you are leaving and where you are going?
I need help finding a train from leicester to cambridge, departing on sunday after 11:45. No reservation, just need to know travel time, arrival time, and price please.
TR9999 leaves at 12:09, travel tine is 105 minutes, cost is 30.24 pounds per person.  Any other questions,
No, thank you.  You have been very patient and helpful.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
Thank you so much for calling. It has been my pleasure. Have a great trip and a wonderful day. Goodbye.
Hello.  I'm trying to find some places to go in town.  Can you help me with that?
Yes, what kind of a place are you looking for?
museum in the centre of town 
I have several, is there a special one in mind?
Could you please name some for me? I'll need the entrance fee too please
Primavera and the Castle Galleries are two of my favorites.  They are both free.
They sound OK, I guess. Are there any more entertaining things to do in the centre?
Unfortunately I cannot find anything strictly categorized as entertainment in that area can you provide more specifications?
Just a museum in the centre. I also need a train leaving on monday from leicester to cambridge leaving after 15:30.
Do you have a particular time you'd like to arrive by? There are quite a few options for trains leaving Monday. 
I'd just like to leave after 15:30, not really concerned with arrival time.
TR2985 leaves leicester at 16:09 and arrives in cambridge at 17:54.  Would you like help booking tickets for this train or another one?
I will the 16:09 one.Thanks
No problem with booking the train, I just need to know how many people (tickets) you're going to need.  
I'll just need 1 ticket and I'll want to know the price as well.
I have booked to for 1 ticket, the price is 37.80 payment due at the station the train number is TR2985
Okay, than you so much for your help! Goodbye! 
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Feel free to call again if you need anything else.  Have a great day and enjoy your visit.
I'd like a taxi to take me to the missing sock and need to be there by 14:15
Ok. What is your departure site?
I'll be leaving from a and b guest house please.
I have booked you a yellow audi, the contact number is 07771726102.  Will there be anything else?
That is all. Thank you.
Glad to help. Goodbye!
Find me an expensive place to stay on the south side, please.
There is only one expensive hotel on the south side. Would you like to book at The Lensfield Hotel?
Could you tell me if The Lensfield Hotel has at least a 4 star rating?
It has a 3 star rating.
I see, are there any cheap 4 star hotels on the south side?
No, The only hotel I see has a 3 star rating. 
How about a hotel in the cheap price range?
Rosa's bed and breakfast is a guesthouse is a 4 star.
Yes I would like to make a booking.
Okay, how many guests and how many nights would you like me to book?
You know I also need someplace to eat in that is also cheap, and also in the south area.
You have your choice of The Lucky Star, with Chinese cuisine, or Nandos, a portuguese restaurant.
Lets go with The Lucky Star. I need a table for 8 people at 13:45 on Friday.
Great it's all booked the reference number is MXDZ66IK
I would also like a taxi to arrive by my booked time. can i have the taxi contact number and car type
Sure, the car will be a blue lexus and the contact number is 07235433780. Anything else I can help you with?
Nope, that is all. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for theatres in the centre of town.
The adc theatre is a nice attraction.
Great. Can I have the address please?
ADC Theatre is located on Park Street in postcode CB58AS. Their phone number is 01223300085. Can I help you with anything else?
I would love some help finding a nice restaurant to take my wife to. Something expensive. 
Are you looking for a particular type of food?
Not really, but I would prefer it to be in the Centre also, close to the theatre.
There are a few options in the Centre including Bedouin, an African restaurant, and Midsummer House Restaurant, a traditional British restaurant. Do these interest you?
Let's do the Midsummer House.  I want to book a table for 3 people at 14:45 on wednesday.
I've booked your table! It will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Could i get the reference number please?
Your reference number is PIVQLKXA. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
No that is it. Thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi, I'm looking to book a room in the ashley hotel.
Sure, on what day do you need the room and for how many?
First could you tell me what type of hotel this is and if they provide internet?
This is a hotel with a star of 2 that does indeed provide internet. Would you like for me to book it?
Yes. I am also looking for a train to peterborough from cambridge.
Certainly, what day would you like to travel and is there an arrival or departure time I can search for you?
Yes. The train should leave after 11:45 and leave on tuesday. 
TrainID TR0613 leaves Cambridge to Peterborough at 12:06 on Tuesday. Does that work for you?
Yes, that works perfectly. Book a ticket for one person, and please send me the reference number. Thank you.
Your ticket has been booked. The reference number will be provided shortly.
Thank you so much.
The reference number is SXPJJGGN.
Great thank you for your help
Did you want me to book the Ashley Hotel for you?  If so, can I get the number of people and number of nights please?
No thank you.
Wonderful! You have a great evening.
I need a train from leicester sometime after 9:30.
I can assist you with that.  What day would you like to leave?
I need to be in Cambridge on Monday please.
Very well. The earliest train is TR0032, which leaves at 10:09. Is that alright?
Could you give me the arrival time and price on that please?
TR0032 arrives at 11:54 and costs 37.80 pounds.  May I book that for you?
Yes, that would be terrific.
Great, I have booked your ticket, your reference number is : I6NJ8FUB. may I help you with anything else?
Okay thank you for everything.
You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
I am looking for a place to stay with free parking and need to be in the north
There are several that offer free parking in the north, do you have a price range?
Yes, I'd like a moderately priced one, and I also need free wifi.
I have 9 different places for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel? 
I would like a hotel please.
Ashley hotel looks like a good choice.
ok i would like to book it for thursday for 2 people  for 3 night im also looking for a restaurant in the same price range as the hotel 
Booking was successful reference number is I53II5MX. There are several restaurants is there any food preference?  
Great. I also need to find a restaurant for the same number of people on the same day for 19:00.
I'd love to help you find a place to eat. What kind of food do you like, and is there any part of town you prefer to dine in?
I don't care about the type of cusine, I'd like it to be in the moderate range in the north.
There is a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant in the North. Where would you like to go?
Let's go with the chinese place. Can you book me a table for 2 on Thursday at 19:00? 
I have your table reserved at the Golden Wok for Thursday at 19:00.  The reference number is 5ZZI5FKL.  Is there anything else I can help with?
No, thank you, that's all.
It was my pleasure to help. Have a great afternoon. Goodbye. 
Find me train times from cambridge to london liverpool street.
Which day would you be traveling? 
Wednesday, please. Any time after 08:00.
I have train TR5874 that leaves at 09:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 11:27. Would that suit your needs?
Yes, I would like a ticket just for myself.
I have booked the seat and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : E770Z8W7.
Thank you. Please also find me a moderately priced hotel on the West side
Yes, Hobson's House matches your request. Would you like me to book a room for you?
check first if it has  free parking and should have a star of 4
It fits that criteria. 
Okay, go ahead and book a room. It's just for me.
How many nights would you like?
Please book for 2 nights, for 1 person starting on Monday.
I'm sorry, but the hobsons house is a 3 star guesthouse. 
Do you have another hotel that's 4 stars with free parking in the west? 
There are no hotels that meet that criteria? Would you like a different area or a different price range?
How about a cheap hotel?
I have the cambridge belfry, which is 4 stars, cheap, and in the west with free internet and parking.
book for i people for 2 nights starting monday
You are booked, as one person, into the cambridge belfry. Your reference number is C74YTD9R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
no that will be all. thanks!
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, good bye. 
Okay have a great day! Bye for now!
I am looking for information about the museum of archaeology and anthropology. 
That museum is located over at University of Cambridge, downing street. It's free to visit.
Could you please provide me with the postcode.  Thank you!
The post code is cb23dz.
I also need a train, to cambridge, I want to arrive by 17:45.
There's a train that leaves at 13:17, want that one?
As long as it arrives in Cambridge by 17:45 and departs from Broxbourne that will work.
What day do you need the train? 
I will travel Tuesday. 
Is there a time you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to arrive at 17:45.
I have one arriving at 7:32 will this work for you?
Thats perfect. What is the price and travel time on this train?
It is 17.90 pounds and takes 60 minutes. Would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks, just gathering information, that is all I need.  
Can I help you with anything else? 
That is all I needed today. 
Glad I could help come backk if you need anything else
Hi! Could you help me find a museum to go in town?
There are many but may I suggest the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum?
Sure. What is the postcode and phone number, please?
Their postcode is cb21su and phone number is 01223324222. What else can I help you with?
That's it. Thanks!
Okay thank you for calling.
Where can I find malaysian food? I prefer an expensive restaurant please
No I am deeply sorry I am not getting any
How about an expensive Malaysian restraint in the south?  Is there anything available?
I'm sorry. There's still no matching results. Would you like me to search for a different foot type?
Yes, please. How about Indian food?
I have 1 expensive Indian food in the south. It's called Taj Tandoori. They are located on 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Would you like a reservation?
Perfect, yes. I want a table for 5 at 16:00 on monday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : X2V543QG
Thank you.  That was all I needed today. Goodbye.
You're very welcome. Have a nice time!
Could you please find me a 4 star guesthouse 
I found Acorn Guest House would that work for you?
Yes. Will you please make me a reservation?
Sure.  When will you check in and how long would you like to stay for?  Will it be just for yourself?
It's going to be for 8 people and 2 nights, starting Thursday.
I'm afraid that isn't available.  Could you book a different arrival day, or a shorter stay?
What about for just one night?
The booking is successful for 1 night. The reference number is NNA3OC5W. May I help you with anything else?
That is all! Thanks! 
It was my pleasure. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I have been robbed and need to know how I can get help.
The police station in parkside can help. Their telephone is 01223358966 with their postcode being CB11JG.
Perfect, I will give them a call, and see if they can tell me what I should do next.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you help me book a taxi going from emmanuel college to churchill college?
Yes, I could! What time would you like to depart from Emmanuel College?
Anytime after 21:30 is fine for me, thanks.
Alright! I have a yellow Lexus booked to pick you up. The Contact number is 07543493643. Anything else I can help with?
No, that is everything I needed. Thank you!
Thank you! Have a great day!
Could you let me know where in town I would find a hospital?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
I'm looking for the postcode and phone number
The phone number is 01223245151, postcode CB20QQ
Thank you for your help. Goodbye.
You are very welcome! good bye.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should leave after 21:15 and should depart from backstreet bistro.
What will be your destination?
I'm sorry I need to change that. I need the taxi to depart from kings lynn train station and go to cherry hinton water play.
Okay. I've booked a taxi that will pick you up at 21:30. Look for a Red Skoda and the contact number is 07797598861. Anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed today. Thanks!
You are welcome! Have a good day.
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves Turkish food and is located in the west. 
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that fit those criteria. Would you like me search in another area, or for a different type of food?
is there a restaurant serving indian food?
There are several Indian restaurants in the west, would you prefer a more expensive price range or moderate?
Either price range is fine, can you tell me more about some of the restaurants you mentioned?
Yes I found five restaurants in the west four in the expensive range and one in the moderate price range.
Can you give me the address, price range, and phone number of the best one?
The tandoori palace is a restaurant in the expensive price range located at 68 histon road chesterton. The phone number is 01223506055. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I am specifically look for a four star hotel.
I am showing 21 hotels with a four star rating. Would you also like a hotel that is in the west?
Not necessarily I just needed to be a guest house with free Wi-Fi
We have finches bed and breakfast, also in the west with complimentary internet, as well as four stars. Would you like me to book this for you?
Please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : QKZSOURZ.. Anything else today?
I need a taxi to travel between the two places. I need to leave tandoori by 07:30. Can you suggest something for me? I need contact number and car type.
I would be happy to help with finding a taxi. Can I ask where you will be traveling too? That way we can find the best taxi company for you!
Yes to the hotel from the restaurant. I need to leave by 7:30 and will need the car type and a contact number please.
I have booked a black Skoda for you at 7:30 at the restaurant. The contact number is 07889958021.
Thank you so much for your assistance today I think that will be all.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range and in the north side of town.
We have an Italian and an Indian restaurant that are both inexpensive in the north part of town. Would you like the addresses of those?
I am really looking for  italian food. 
Well here is Da Vinci Pizzeria in the north. It's cheap. 20 Milton Road Chesterton. 
Yes, that would be fine. Can you book a table for 4 at 16:00 on Wednesday?
Absolutely. You're booked for 16:00 and the reference number is I3WAD456. Can I help you with anything else today?
Great! Yes, I'll also need to find a hotel with free parking and free wifi. 
I would recommend the ashley hotel. 
Actually, I apologize for not being more specific, I want to stay in a guesthouse
Is there a price range or area you prefer?
Yes I am looking for hotel that  is cheap have free wifi and free parking.
There are 9 cheaply priced guesthouses with free parking and Wifi. Is there are certain area of the city you'd like to stay in?
No, as long as it has free wifi and parking.
Alexander bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range and has both free parking and wifi, would you like a reservation?
No, just the address, area please.
alexander bed and breakfast address is 56 saint barnabas road in centre. 
Great, thanks for the help!
Glad I could help. Do you need assistance with anything else today?
What area is that in
It is located in the city centre, anything else?
That is all. Thanks for the help! Bye!
I'm happy to be of service, and I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
There are thirty-three results. Would you like a specific type of food?
I am looking for Italian food. 
Can I recommend don pasquale pizzeria located on 12 Market Hill City Centre?
Okay, let's book a table for five on Wednesday at 14:45.
I was unable to book at 14:45, can I try another time for you?
No 14:45 is the only time that works for all of us. Could you look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range for me?
Can I recommend clowns cafe located on 54 King Street City Centre?
Sure and give me the reference number too please.
Okay I have booked you there and your reference number is O7FJ870G.
Thank you so much for your time. That will be all.
So happy to help, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo service today!
I want to visit an architecture attraction in the south of town.
I don't show anything in the south.  can i look in another area for you?  I'm sure we can find some great architecture elsewhere.
Is there any with the type of entertainment here? 
Yes.  You could go to Nusha or Tenpin. 
Tenpin sounds fun. What's their postcode, please?
It's cb17dy.  They are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah, could you find me a cheap place to stay with free wifi?
In what area would you like to stay?
What area would you recommend?
There is Rosa's Bed and breakfast in the south part of town, not too far from Tenpin. Would you like me to check if they are available?
Does it have free parking, I really don't need free parking, and I worry about security at the places that do have free parking.
Yes, rosa's does have free parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
I'm not sure yet, what is the postal code there? 
Its postal code is cb22ha.
I also need a taxi to commute between the two places.  I want to leave the attraction by 03:15. 
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	blue tesla Contact number	:	07944936323 is there anything else i can help you with?
No, that's all I need. You've been very helpful, thank you!
My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a hotel with a star of four with free wifi.
We have 21 hotels and guesthouses that match those requirements. Do location or price matter?
I would like a guesthouse.  Location and price aren't important. 
Okay.  I would recommend the A and B Guest House on the east side of town. 
Ok, please book for 4 nights beginning thursday for 2 people.  Thank you.
What day will you be checking in?
Oh before you book, please advise on whether they have free parking or not.
They do not have free parking but they do have free internet. 
Well that does not work,can I get the phone number anyway?
their phone number is 01223315702. is that all?	
and what area is it in?
It is in the east. Is there anything else you need?
Yes. I need a train leaving anytime after 17:45 in cambridge and going to stevenage on monday. 2 tickets and the ref would be great
Booking was successful, the total fee is 25.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : D4AK1SN3.
Ok, thank you. This is all the information I need right now. 
I hope we were able to help you today.
Hi, Are there any expensive Indian restaurants in town?
Yes, there are quite a few! What area of town would you prefer?
I would prefer a restaurant in the west side of town.
Tandoori Palace is in the West part of town, located at 68 Histon Road, Chesterton. Can I make a reservation for you?
Actually, I just need the number and address.
The Tandoori Palace is located at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, postcode cb43le, and their phone number is 01223506055. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that'll be all for today. Thanks a lot. Bye! 
Have a nice day.  Good Bye.
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre of town.
How about the Alexander Bed and Breakfast?
I'd prefer an unrated place, I don't need free parking or wifi, for what it's worth.
I have the El Shaddai and the Cityroomz that are not rated. Would you like to book one of these?
Actually, come to think of it I might need free wifi. Do either of those offer that? 
Yes, they both do! Do either fancy your interest?
Yes can you please send me the address for El Shaddai?
Sure. El Shaddai's address is 41 Warkworth Street. Would you like me to book a reservation there?
No, that's all I need. Thanks!
No problem.  Happy to help.
I am looking for a hotel with free parking in east cambridge.
The only hotel that fits that description is the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, but there are also several guesthouses if you are interested.
Is the Express by Holiday Inn cheap? And have a star of 4?
It is in the expensive price range with a 2 star rating.
Hm, I would rather stay at a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.
Autumn House has all your requirements except it not being a Holiday Inn Express. Would you like a booking there?
I just would like their postcode and phone number and can you tell me whether they have free wifi?
Okay! They do have internet. Their postcode is CB58RS, and their phone number is 01223575122.
Sounds great.  Could I also get info on a train for monday?
Please give me your departure and destination. And what time do you want to leave at.
It should depart Cambridge to Peterborough.  I need to be there by 21:30.  I need reservations for 8.  Can I get a reference number please?
TR9003 will have you there by 7:56.  Booking was successful, the total fee is 132 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AV90SV4C
Thanks for all of your help today. That is all I need.  Bye.
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for Downing College. Can you give me information on it?
Sure, it is located in the centre area, on Regent Street, postcode cb21dq, their phone number is 01223334860. 
And just to clarify, what sort of attraction is it? I assume it's a college but sometimes things are named oddly, you understand.
Yes, downing college is a college. Can I do anything else for you today?
I also need a place to stay. I am thinking a guesthouse in the east part of town.
There is a cheap guesthouse named Allenbell on 517a coldham lane if you are interested.
That sounds great.  Can I have the number?
The number is 01223210353.  I can make that booking for you, I would just need to know and arrival date and for how many people and length of your stay.
Can you confirm if this hotel is 4 star?  If so, I will need to book it for 1 person for five nights starting on wednesday.
It is four stars but unfortunately I cannot book it. Would you like to change the date? 
Can you try for 2 nights instead?
I was able to book that, your reference is 4B5YCEFU.
Thanks. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the college and the hotel.
I can take care of that for you.  Would you like to be picked up at the college?  And at what time?
I want to leave the hotel at 15:15 to go to the college.
I have confirmed your taxi, a black bmw will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07830542895.  Can I help with anything else?
No, I think that takes care of it. Thank you.
Thank You, have a good stay. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay while I'm in town.  Can you assist me? 
what kind of place are you looking for? area?
I would like a hotel in the north that has free parking. It doesn't need to have internet.
Okay, I recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please book the room and can I have the reference number 
Booking for 1 night for 1 person from monday was successful. Your reference number is D3MYG9R0. Can I assist with anything else, restaurant, attractions?
I also need a Wednesday train to Cambridge. 
I have found several trains to Cambridge. Where will you be departing from?
Actually I am departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester.
Is there a certain time you are wanting to leave?
I need it to arrive by 21:00.
15 trains match your needs. Do you want to complete a booking?
Yes. Please choose the first available train and book it for 6 people. Then give me the reference number
I was able to book train TR0677 and you reference number is 6VAA5F0P.
Thank you.  That is all I need for now.
Have a wonderful trip. 
Hello I need a train to Bishops Stortford please
What day and time will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Thursday and would like to leave after 16:30. 
The first train after 16:30 is TR6673 which leaves at 17:29 and will arrive in Bishops Stortford at 18:07. Would you like me to book this train for you?
No thanks. No need to book. But, can you tell me the price for the ticket?
The price is 10.10 pounds.
Thank you. I also need the phone number for an attraction called great saint mary's church.
great saint mary's church's phone number is 01223350914. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the address also please?  That will help a lot!  Thanks so much!
Their address is market square. How else can I help?
that isenough for today. thank you for helping
You are most welcome. I hope you have a wonderful time on your trip to cambridge. Goodbye!
I  need to book a 12:15 taxi at Charlie Chan. 
Of course. I just need to know your destination.
I will be going to cotto.
A black Audi will pick you up at Charlie Chan to leave at 12:15 and get you over to Cotto. Their contact # is: 07928872088
Thank you very much! 
You're quite welcome. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That is all, thanks so much!
No problem at all.
I'm looking for a place to eat. Something moderately priced, in the center.
Yes, there are lots of options for you. What type of food are you looking for?
I don't really have a type of cuisine in mind. Maybe you could recommend someplace moderately priced and in the centre of town?
I can recommend the yippee noodle bar it is asian oriental.  Does that sound ok?
Sounds great, can you book it or 2 people at 15:30 om Monday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UGF14FPI. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am looking for some places to go in the same area as the restaurant.
You are in luck. The center has colleges, architecture, boats, museums, concert hall, nightclubs, park, swimming pool, and theatres. Which one appeals to you?
Please select your favorite and then give me the phone number and entrance fee information
I would suggest holy trinity church.
That sounds great, can I please have their phone number and information about their entrance fees?
Their phone number is 01223355397 and it is free to enter. 
Free is the best price, thank you, that is all I need
Okay, great. Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
Can I have a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?
I found several. Would you care for a specific type of food?
I do not care. 
There are three options which match your request. How about Meghna, which serves Indian food?
Yes it will do. Can i have the phone number please ?
Meghna's phone number is 01223 727410
thank you , good bye.
You're welcome, good bye.
I'm interested in finding an expensive guesthouse to stay at during my visit to Cambridge
I'm sorry I don't have any matches. Should we try a different price range?
Can you search for hotels instead of a guesthouse?
I have expensive hotels in the east, centre, and south areas of town. Do you have a preference?
The east would be great.
There is one in the east. It is express by holiday inn cambridge. Do you need a booking?
Does the Holiday Inn Cambridge have free parking? I forgot to tell you I need that.
Yes, it has free parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, what is the phone number for the hotel?
It is 01223866800.  May I help with anything else?
Yes, can you please tell me how many stars it has? 
It is a 2 star hotel. Would you like me to make those reservations?
It has 2 stars. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great, thank you and goodbye!
I would like to find a hospital with a diabetes and endocrinology department please.
Addenbrookes hospital diabetes and endocrinology department phone number is 01223217323
What is the postcode?
The Postcode is CB20QQ
I'm looking for an expensive Indian restaurant. Can you find me one?
There are several what area would you like to eat at? 
Yes, I'd like to eat in the centre if possible.
There are 2 curry garden and the golden curry. would you like to book either one?
Could you please just give me the postcode and phone number for the Golden curry? 
Sure the phone number is 01223329432 and the postal code is cb12az
Thanks.  Can you help me find a hotel as well?  I don't need internet, but I do need free parking.
I'm sorry,  there are no hotels that meet your needs. Do you have any other criteria?
I'd like it to be 3 stars and in the same price range as the restaurant.
I'm still not finding anything. What part of town would you like to look in?
I would prefer something in the Cambridge area or close to it.
I can book the curry garden for you.
That's ok, I just need the postcode and phone number.
There are two hotels I can find, one called the Gonville Hotel which is in the centre. The telephone is 01223366611 and the postcode is CB11LY. 
can i get a contact number and car type please? 
Sure, where will you be traveling to and from? Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to go from the hotel to the restaurant no later than 08:00
I've got a Red Audi, contact number 07611734774 leaving at 08:00. 
Thank you, that's everything that I need.
Great! Have a nice trip!
I am looking for places to go in town. Maybe a museum. I would prefer it to be in the centre of cambridge.
There are 11 museums located in the centre of Cambridge. Did you have one in particular in mind or a type you would be interested in visiting?
Whatever you recommend. I do need an address, though.
I recommend the castle galleries, it is located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. Would you also like the phone number?
Yes please!!  I would also like to book a train arriving in Cambridge before 13:00.
Castle Galleries can be reached at 01223307402. Where are you departing from and which day are you traveling?
I am traveling on Saturday and I am departing from stansted airport
I have found 8 trains meeting your criteria. The first leaves at 0524. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please! Can I also get the train ID and the price on that?
TR4194 will cost 8.08 pounds. How many tickets do you need?
I need one ticket. 
Okay, Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : KLU8N9Y4. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it! Thank you for your help
It's not a problem! Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge that leaves at 11:30.
There are 924 trains leaving by 11:30. What is your departure city?
Birmingham new street
I'm sorry but the earliest train departing from Birmingham New Street is 11:40. Can I investigate another departure location or time for you?
no thank you
Okay, have a great day!
Hi I am looking for a expensive restaurant that serves indian food
There are 14 options.  Is there an area of the city that you would prefer?
Yes, I'd like for the restaurant to be in the north. 
There are two restaurants. The Nirala which is moderate and the royal spice which is cheap.
I was looking for expensive. How about an expensive restaurant that serves French food?
Restaurant two two	is an expensive French restaurant. 
Please book it for 7 people at 17:00 on tuesday.
Great. Your reference number is L0BPH6QY. Please arrive on time because they will only hold the reservation for 15 minutes. Anything else?
I could also use some help finding a train into Cambridge that will get me there by 10:45. 
Certainly, what day and departure site would you like to find a train for?
I need it for tuesday as well and it should depart from bishops stortford.
The TR0635 train leaves at 09:29 and arrives at 10:07. Does that work for you?
That will work just fine. What's the travel time for that train, please?
The travel time is 38 minutes. 
Thank you can, you book me for 7 people on that train?
Absolutely!  Your booking was successful.  Would you like the reference number?
No, that's okay. That is all I need for today. Thank you.
Let me give you the reference number 0FE8N2XB for your records. If there is nothing else, then thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
Hello, I'd like some information on a train going to london liverpool street that arrives by 16:00
There are multiple trains. Where will you departing from and what day will you be traveling?
I'm departing on sunday.
The TR2141 leaves Cambridge at 13:59 on Sunday and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 15:27. Is that the train you need?
What is the total travel time?
The trip will take 88 minutes. Would you like me to make a reservation? 
No,I am  also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve British food and should be in the moderate price range
There are several restaurants that serve british food.  Would you prefer a restaurant in the centre or the west?
I just need it to be moderately priced so I can make a reservation.
Restaurant One Seven is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Hi, I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the south area of Cambridge. Can you help me?
I have three of them 2 that are moderate priced and 1 that is cheap. Do you have a preference?
I would like a moderate priced one with a 3 star rating.
Bridge Guest House has a 3 star rating and is in the moderate price range and is located in the south. Would you like me to book a room?
Can you book that for 7 people for 5 nights starting on friday?
Your reference number is 7HHYRFA1. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to eat that is in the same area as the hotel and the same price range.
Sure, I have two moderately priced restaurants in the south. They are pizza hut cherry hinton and restaurant alimentum. Do either interest you?
Can you get us a table at Restaurant Alimentum at 11:30 on Friday?
I was able to book your table for Friday at 11:30 for 7 people, your reference number is EO14CHVW.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you get me a taxi from the Bridge Guest House to Restaurant Alimentum. I would need to arrive by 11:30. 
Sure it has been reserved the car type will be a red volvo, contact number 07709680182
Thank you have a great day.
It's been a pleasure. Have a good day. Goodbye. 
Hey I'm looking for the Addenbrookes Hopistal. Please make sure it has the medicine for the elderly department. 
I just double checked and there is a medicine for the elderly department at Addenbookes Hospital. They can be reached at 01223245151.
What is the hospital's postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ.
awesome thats all thank you!
Is there anything else you need help with? 
That's all that I need today, thank you!
You're welcome. It was my pleasure. Please call us again. Have a good day. 
I want to depart from Cambridge by train.
I can help with that, what day are you looking to depart on?
I would like to leave on Saturday.
And where will you be heading to?
I am going to Stansted Airport. 
and what time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave after 13:00.
First train out after 13:00 is TR6193, leaving at 13:40. It's a 28-minute trip, and each ticket is 8.08GBP. Would you like to book passage?
Yes please.  I need 1 ticket.
Booking was successful Your reference number is TNU1H19G. Do you need assistance with anything else?
Yes please. I need an expensive restaurant located in the centre. 
You have some great choices.  Do you have a preferred cuisine?
Not really, no. What's the address, postcode, and phone number for your favorite?
Oh well if your letting me decide then kymmoy serves the best asian oriental food! Phone is 01223311911 postcode is cb12as and they are at 100 Mill Rd City Centre
Thanks! That's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Have a nice day and thank you for calling.
Hi, I need a recommendation for a restaurant in town.
I know several great restaurants! Do you have a cuisine or location preference? Or maybe a price range preference?
The restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the moderate price range. 
I think xxx restaurant is good 
Is there a Yelp rating for the restaurant?
I'm sorry, but I don't have Yelp ratings. 
ok. book what you deem best and get me the reference number.
Does the Golden Wok sound good? I will need to know how many are in your party and what time you'd like a reservation.
The reservation is just for me this Saturday at 15:45, please.
Before reserving, I just want to confirm you want the reservation for the Golden Wok?
Yes, I would like a reservation for the Golden Wok, for one person at 15:45 this Saturday. Please give me the reference number as well.
OK, I have your table booked. Your reference number is 0IYMOQTN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.
Thank you for using our services.
Hello i'm injured and need a hospital nearby.
call them through 01223217118
Could you give me the address for the hospital?
It's Hills Rd. Postcode is CB20QQ.
Ok, that's all I need
Thank you for allowing me to help you today.
Can you help me find a train?
Certainly.  Where will you be traveling?
From cambridge to petersborough. I am looking for thursday after 12:15
The TR8124 train will leave cambridge,thursday at 12:34 and arrive in peterborough at 13:24, will that work. 
It should, how much is that ticket? 
It would cost 16.50 pounds.
Ok, I also need a 2 star place to stay with free parking.
There are 3 options. Would you like a recommendation, or do you wish to add a specification?
I'd like a recommendation. 
The expensive one is actually not much more than the other 2. I would highly recommend it. That would be at the Express By Holiday Inn Cambridge. It's in the east.
Sounds good. I need the postcode please.
Sure! The postcode is CB13LH. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be all I need today.  Thanks for the help. 
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Hi. I'm looking for information on a hotel called the Limehouse.
Limehouse is a guesthouse in the north part of town, it's rated 4 stars and in the moderate price range. It has free parking and internet. Would you like to book?
yes i would like to book that for 8 people for 4 nights starting on wednesday and i would like the reference number
Booking was a success and here is your reference number QJ1HXGEY.  Can I help you with anything else?
Could you help me find an architecture attraction?
There are 5 different architecture venue's in the centre area, 4 have free entrance. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, and I need the address,
I would recommend visiting the Holy Trinity Church which can be found on Market Street. Is there anything else I can look up for you?
Yes. Please give me the address and post code for the Holy Trinity Church.
Holy Trinity church is located on market street and the postcode is cb23nz.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nope, that should do it.
Okay.  Glad we could help!
I am sorry. I actually need a taxi. I am looking to leave the Holy Trinity Church by 05:45 and go to the limehouse.
Okay, I've booked a taxi for you. It will be a white Toyota. The contact number is 07988739221. 
I think that's it. Thank you!
Excellent. Thanks for texting us.
am looking for a place to to stay that has cheap price range it should be in a type of hotel
Okay, do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
no, i just need to make sure it's cheap. oh, and i need parking
I found 1 cheap hotel for you that includes parking. Do you like me to book it?
Yes, please. 6 people 3 nights starting on tuesday.
I am sorry but I wasn't able to book that for you for Tuesday. Is there another day you would like to stay or perhaps a shorter stay?
how about only 2 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 7GAWK763. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge. It needs to leave after 15:00.
There are many trains that leave from Cambridge, where are you going and what day would you like to leave?
I need to go to stansted airport and I want to leave on Monday
Ok, there are 9 different trains, did you have an arrival time you needed?
I need to leave after 15:00.
Sure. TR7095 is leaving at 15:40. The price is 10.10 pounds and duration 28 minutes. It'll arive at 16:08. Should we book? 
Yes please.  I also need a place to stay, preferably in the west part of town.
In the west, we have four fine lodging establishments. Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? 
A guesthouse please that is not too expensive.
Finches Bed and Breakfast is listed as cheap, and it has 4 stars. Hobson's House is moderately priced, with 3 stars.
Is Finches located in the west and if so, can I please get the postcode?
Yes it is, the post code is cb30nd.
Thank you. That is everything I needed today.
You are welcome and I am glad we could be of help.
I need a train to cambridge
Please be specific about when you are leaving and by what time you intend to arrive to help me to narrow down.
I'd like to depart from Ely on Wednesday after 12:15.
There is a train at 13:35 that cost 4.40 pounds. Would you like to take it?
Yes please. Could you also give me the train ID?
Their ID is TR1039.
Ok, thank you. I also need some help finding a guesthouse.  I also would like free wifi.
We've got a lot of options for guesthouses, what area do you want to stay in?
I would like to stay in Cambridge please.
Ok, centre, north, east, west, or south side?
I'd like a cheap place in the centre for 8 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast, 56 Saint Barnabas Road is inexpensive and rated 4 stars. Would you like me to book that? 
Yes, that sounds good.
The booking for Alexander Bed and Breakfast was denied for 8 guests staying five days, starting on Wednesday. Would it be possible to plan a shorter or longer stay?
That's fine, I'd like to book it for 4 nights then.
OK, I have you booked at alexander bed and breakfast for 4 nights. The Reference Number is : 741JC8HU. Anything else I can help you with today?
That takes care of it.  Thank you very much.
You are welcome. Have a very nice stay.
I need an information on a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday, please.
I would be happy to help find a train for you. Can you tell me what your destination is? 
I should arrive at birmingham new street after 18:15
There is a train from cambridge to birmingham new street on wednesday, leaving at  23:01 and arriving at 01:44. 
What is the train ID?
That train ID is TR7013.
Thank you! What is an expensive restaurant that serves British food close by? 
I have several. Would you prefer it be in the West or the Centre?
The centre, please. 
The cambridge chop house is available, would you like to try that?
I think I would.  Can you give me their phone number, postcode, and address, please?
Phone number is 01223359506  Postcode is cb21sj Address is 1 Kings Parade
Thank you for your help.
The pleasure is all mine!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves mediterranean food. 
There are 3 choices do you want cheap or expensive?  I can book one for you if you'd like.
Any in the town centre?
Yes, all 3 are in the town center. Would the gardenia work for you?
I definitely want someplace expensive. Does the Gardenia fit that description?
No that's the cheaper choice, La Mimosa and Shiraz Restaurant are both in the expensive price range. 
Can you book a table for seven people on Thursday at 15:00?
Would you like a table at La Mimosa or Shiraz?
I'll try Shiraz.
I am sorry that was unsuccessful. Would you like book another day or time?
How about 14:00 on the same day?
I can check on that for you. Yes, I was able to get your reservation set up for 14:00 for 7 on Thursday. Your reference number is O8HA0MSF. 
Thanks. I'd also like to find an interesting attraction in the same area as our restaurant.
Would you be interested in checking out some neat architecture? There are lots of church's in town, many of them are free to visit.
Yes, one of those would be fun. Can you get me their postcode and phone number?
Alright, the address to the Holy Trinity church is market street, postcode cb23nz, phone number 01223355397
That sounds like a great suggestion.  Thank you for your help today.  Bye.
Can I assist you with anything else or will that be all for you today? 
I want to find a decent place to eat in the centre of town.  My budget is a little constrained so moderately priced would be ideal.
You're in luck, we have several great restaurants that are moderately priced. What type of food would you like?
Do you have anything that serves international food? 
Yes, there are 2 restaurants. There's The Varsity Restaurant and the Bloomsbury Restaurant. Would you like any additional information?
Let's do the varsity place for 3 people 11:00 on tuesday. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1JB0JK8C.
I need a train departing Cambridge on Wednesday.
OK, where are you headed and at what time?
I need to be in Birmingham New Street by 13:15, if possible, please.
Train TR9781 will arrive at your destination at 13:51, would you like me to book it for you 
I want to find out if there are any places to dine that serve Australian food in the centre.
Unfortunately, there are not.  Do you want me to run another search?
What about an expensive restaurant in the centre?
Sure I have many types of cuisine to choose from: African, French, Asian Oriental, British, European..any preference?
I'd be interested in any serving British food. 
Okay, how about midsummer house restaurant located at midsummer common?
Sounds great. Please book me a table for Wednesday at 16:00 for 5 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : W3Y6OCL8.
Thank you, I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and wifi. Can you find me one? 
Sure i will find you one thanks i lot and welcome again
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and need help finding a train.
When would you like to travel and where are you coming from?
I would like to leave on Tuesday sometime after 13:00. 
I have a train leaving London's Kings Cross station every 2 hours, starting at 13:17. The trip is 51 minutes long and costs 23.60 pounds.
I'll actually be departing from Leicester. What do you have available from there?
TR4032 will depart at 13:09 if that works for you?
Yes I need it booked for 4 people.
OK, the booking was successful. The total fee is 151.19 GBP, payable at the station. Your reference number is H02HFBMH.
I am also looking for a moderately priced chinese  restaurant located in the north. 
Golden wok is in the moderate price range and in the north area would you like me to book it for you?
Can I get the address and phone number please?
Of course - the address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton cb43hl and the phone number is 01223350688
Thank you, that is everything that i need.
You're welcome!  Have a great day! Goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive hotel.
Okay I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in the North please. 
I'm sorry, we don't have an expensive hotel in the north end. Will anything else do?
Well, the area doesn't matter, as long as it offers free parking.
How about the Gonville Hotel in the centre area of town?  
If it has free parking then I need a booking for  7 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
Reference number is : ETXC5B3T. Is there anything else?
No that will be all thank you so much. 
Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a museum attraction in East Cambridge. Could you help me with that?
The Cambridge Artworks museum is located in East Cambridge. Does that sound like something you are interested in?
That sounds great!  How much does it cost?
Cambridge Artworks is actually free! Would you like the address? 
Yes, please.  Can I get the phone number as well? 
You sure can.  The address is 5 greens road, cb13ef.  The phone number is 01223902168.  Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, I need a train out of Cambridge on Monday
We will miss you!  Where are you traveling to?
I'm going to leicester. 
There's a train leaving cambridge every hour, what time do you want to leave and/or what time do you want to get to your destination?
I'd like to leave on the first train available after 9:00. 
TR2192 	leaves at 09 21 shall I book it ?
Yes please for 1 person and I'll need the reference number.
You're all set! Your reference number is ZL6AOT03 and the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station.
Thanks.  That was all I needed today.  Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I want to find a cheap restaurant serving hungarian food.
What area would you like to look in?
I do not care about the area as long as it is hungarian food and cheap. 
There are no hungarian restaurants I can direct you to.  Would you like another type of food?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves modern european food?
The the river bar steakhouse and grill is cheap and serves modern european food
Can I get the address and postcode?
Their address is Quayside Off Bridge Street and the postcode is C.B 5, 8 A.Q. May I help you with anything else? 
That's it, Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome and good bye.
I am looking for a train leaving from Cambridge on Saturday.
Sure can you tell me where you are heding for and what time you would lie to leave or get there?
The train should leave after 16:00 and should depart from london liverpool street
I'm a little confused, you said you are departing from both Cambridge and London Liverpool street. Are you sure isn't your destination? 
Sorry, I'm departing from london liverpool street.
There are four trains on Saturday with that route that leave after 16:00. Your options are 17:39, 19:39, 21:39 and 23:39. The duration of the ride is 88 minutes.
Can I get the price on one of those please?
Each of those trips is 13.28 pounds.  Would you like for me to book one for you?  
No thank you. Please give me information on the attraction Jesus Green Outdoor Pool.
Yes its located between Victoria Road and the River
I am looking for an expensive place to eat. 
We have plenty of high end expensive options in Cambridge, 57 to be exact.  Anything I can do to narrow down your options?
Are there any Japanese restaurants in the centre of town?
There are not any expensive Japanese restaurants in the centre, but there is a moderately priced one. Would that work for you? 
Could you check again for an expensive one?
It is wagamama, would you like a reservation?
Yes I need it Monday at 17:45 for 3 people. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : D77JCGJ2.
Thanks. I'm also looking for hobsons house. Do you know where it is?
Yes, that's a great guesthouse in the West. It's address is 96 barton road
I would like to book rooms for the same group of people for 2 nights starting Monday. 
Booking was successful. Reference number is : SAI2FFES. can i be of more assistance? 
Yes I also need a taxi that will get me to the restaurant by the booked time please.
I booked a taxi for you. It's a blue Lexus. The contact number is 07689515988. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
that is it for today. have a great day
I'm glad I could help.
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi.
Ok, I have 17 options for you. What area are you looking for?
Are there any in the South?
I have two in the south in your price range. One is a 4 star guesthouse and the other is a 3 star guesthouse. Would you like more information?
Can you let me know the postcode and phone number of the 4 star guesthouse?
Sure! The postcode and phone number are 01223240089 and 01223240089.
Thanks so much.  I am also looking for a museum I could visit.
Sure, I can help you find one.  Is there a certain part of town you were looking to visit? 
Something in the north, please. 
I'm sorry. I'm not finding any matching attractions. Would you like to try a different area?
Wait, I'm staying in the south, that would make more sense.  How about a museum in the south?
Great there's the byard art museum there!
Can I have the phone number, postcode and address please?
Byard Art is located at 14 king's parade. The post code is 01223464646. You can reach them at 01223464646.
Awesome, that covers it all.  You were very helpful.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Can you please find me cinemas?
Yes, I can' There are two cinemas in cambridge, cineworld cinema in the south and vue cinema in the centre.  
What is the postcode and phone number for one of them?
I would recommend the Cineworld Cinema. The postcode is cb17dy. Their phone number is 00872208000. Is there anything else I can help with? 
Thank you! Yes, I also need a train to Cambridge that arrives by 09:00, please.
I have quite a few different options for a train to Cambridge. Can you help me narrow it down by specifying where you'll be departing from? 
I will be departing from Leicester on Friday.
TR4256 leaves at 07:09 and arrives at 8:54.  May I book that for you?
I don't need a booking for the train at this time, but if you could give me the travel time and price, that will be all I need today.
TR4256 will take 105 minutes.  The price is 37.80 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome, if you need any more help from me feel free to ask!
I need the address of a restaurant that serves gastropub food.
The cow pizza kitchen and bar serves Gastropub food.  Their address is Corn Exchange Street in the centre area.
Thank  you.
You're welcome. Bye
Could you please help me find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town?
Both the restaurant alimentum and the peking restaurant are expensive restaraunts in the south part of town.  Would you like their phone numbers?
Yes. What kind of food do they serve?
Restaurant alimentum serves modern european food, and peking restaurant serves chinese. 
Could you please give me the phone number of whichever one you like better?
Peking Restaurant's phone number is 01223 354755. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the south that serves austrian food.
Unfortunately there are no Austrian restaurants anywhere in Cambridge. Any other kind of food you might consider?
If you don't have any restaurants that serve Austrian food, do you at least have any restaurants in the cheap price range?
There are two restaurants that are cheap in the south part of town. A Chinese restaurant and a Protugese restaurant. Are either of these okay?
Portuguese sounds great.
Excellent. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes I need it for 4 people at 15:00 on saturday please. 
Alright, I was able to book you a table for 4 on Saturday at 15:00. Your reference number is M9SA1TCA. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I am looking for a specific hotel by the name of Alexander Bed and Breakfast, can you help me find it?
Sure. The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a gueshouse located in the center of town. It's address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road and the postcode is cb12de.
Thank you I need to book four people for 2 nights starting saturday
Ok I've got you booked for 4 people for 2 nights starting Saturday. Your reference number is H1VE80W2. Is there anything else you need?
I would like to book a taxi to commute between two places that arrives by 15:00. With the contact number and car type.
What is your departure site and what is your destination?
The hotel you just booked for me, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast and restaurant you booked, the Portugese restaurant. 
No problem. I've booked a yellow volkswagen for you. The number is 07168534241.
Great thanks! I believe that is everything I need for today. Good bye!
Have a great day!
Do you have directions to a guesthouse I can rent in the west of Cambridge?
i have a variety. if you can narrow down your choice by price range and maybe rating.
A 3 star rating would be perfect.
Hobsons House is at address 96 barton road postcode cb39lh and their phone number is 01223304906.
Great, can you help me find some place to go in the Centre, maybe a college?
There are 13 to choose from, are you looking for one with free admission?
That doesn't actually matter. You can choose the one you most recommend and then please tell me the phone number and postcode
How about Christ's college?
Yeah that is fine, can I get their phone number and zip code?
Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223334900. The postcode is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I also need a taxi to go between the two. I want to leave the hotel by 20:45.
Booked car type	:	white bmw. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's it for me today. Thanks so much! Bye!
Your welcome. Contact us again anytime. Good Bye!
I was hoping to relax and visit a park while in cambridge.
I found 5 great parks to visit. There are two on the south side, one on the north, one on the east and one in the centre of town.
Great! Can you provide addresses and entrance fees?
The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens are in the centre of town, located on Bateman Street, with an entrance fee of 4 pounds. The other four parks have free entry.
Okay great i will go for the University Botanic gardens. Can you also assist me to look up the Carolina bed and Breakfast address and availability?
I sure can.  When were you hoping to stay there?
Please book it for 6 people and 5 nights starting from monday
Done.  Your reference number is DCLQRJ5I.  Would you like anything else?
No. Thank you. That is all.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Have a good day
You too thank you and bye.
I will be in the centre of cambridge.  I am looking for any type of attraction involving architecture.
I'd recommend All Saints Church on Jesus Lane. Did you need help with anything else?
Can you give me the postcode for that?
The postcode is CB58BS. Can I help you find anything else?
I need a place to stay.
There are 33 places to stay, do you have any requirements?
I need something in the south and free parking. 
I would recommend the Bridge Guest House based on your criteria. Would you like me to book you a room?
Can you tell me what their star rating is? 
Of course! They are a 3-star establishment. Would you like me to go ahead and book that for you?
yes, 7 people 4 nights starting Wednesday. 
I'm sorry. There is no availability. Would you like to try different dates or another hotel?
How about just 2 nights instead?
Bridge Guest House was available for 2 nights. Your reference number is ULWMFZAX. What else can I do for you today?
thats it, thanks!
You're very welcome, I'm glad that I could help.  I hope that you enjoy your stay!  Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves world food.
I'm sorry I can't find any world food restaurants located in the centre. 
How about a restaurant in the centre that serves Korean food?
Little Seoul is a great place that fits your description. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes please.  I would like a table for 7 on Tuesday.  Try for 11:15 please.
I have nothing available for that day and time slot, can I book you another day or time slot at that restaurant?
How about 10:15?
I have you booked for 7 at little seoul on tuesday at 10:15. Here is the reference number for your booking: KAHFBHYI.
Thank you so much for your help.  Bye.
Glad I could help today, is there anything else that I can resolve for you?
Can I get a train from stansted airport leaving after 14:45 please?
You have a number of options, but first, what day would you like to travel on, and will you be heading to Cambridge?
Yes, on tuesday. Anytime after 14:45 will work for me.
We have 9 options. Would you like the first option after?
Yes, what is the arrival time for that option? 
the departure time is 15:24 and the arrival time is 15:52
Thank you I also need a place to stay. I am looking for a cheap 1 star hotel.
There are no one star hotels, but maybe I could raise the star rating and see what I could find. Any specific location you'd like to stay?
As long as it is the cheap range, it should be ok
Ok, have 10 locations, 9 of them are guesthouses & 1 hotel. The price of hotel is cheap, but its a 4 star. What type of room do you want?
Let's try the 4 star hotel, please.
The Allenbell guesthouse in the east area of town is quite nice, despite being in the cheap range. Would you like to book a room there?
Maybe, do they offer free parking? 
Yes, it offers Free parking and WiFi.
Yes, could you book The Allenbell for 7 people and 4 nights, starting Tuesday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8JGLKXB8.
I am looking for a hotel called Hobsons House.
Hobsons House is a moderately priced 3-star guesthouse on the west side. Their address is 96 Barton Road, cb39lh. Their phone is 01223304906. They offer free wifi and free parking.
Excellent. I would like to book a stay for 2 people for 5 nights, please.
When would you like to begin your stay at Hobson's House?
I would like my stay to begin on Saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ALSEXHLY.
I am also looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester.
What day and around what time would you prefer to depart?
I need to leave after 17:45 on Saturday. I need the price, travel time and train ID of the route is possible.
There is a train leaving Cambridge at 18:21 and arriving at Leicester at 20:06. The trainID is TR6034 and the trip duration is 105 minutes. A ticket is 30.24 pounds.
Perfect, I will take that trip for 30.24 pounds. Thank you!
How many tickets will you need?
Actually, I am not ready to book them.  Thank you for your help, I am all set.  Good bye.
You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need a guesthouse.
I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you're looking for?
In the east, please. Something inexpensive, with free parking.
I have 3 such places available. Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House. Which guesthouse do you prefer?
If the allenbell is cheap, I would like to book ti for tuesday.
How many days will you be staying and will there be other travellers with you?
There are 5 people in my group and we will be staying 2 nights. 
Okay, I have you booked for 5 people, 2 days, beginning on Tuesday.  Your reference number is UFT1H00C.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes!  Can you help me find a restaurant near the hotel?
Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a specific type of food you were looking for? 
I'd like international food, please.
The missing sock is a cheap international restaurant in the east. Will that work for you?
Can you make a reservation for Tuesday for 5 people at 17:15? 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YCXB5JQE. Will there be anything else today?
no thanks,thats all for now
Have a lovely day, goodbye!
I need a taxi at 24:00 to take me to Milton Country Park.
Where will you leave from?
I'm departing from anatolia.
Booking completed! Anything else I can help with today? Booked car type	:	black tesla Contact number	:	07553660538 
No, thank you for your help!
My pleasure. Have a great night!
Can you get me the nearest police station?
The nearest police station is in the Parkside part of Cambridge.
Could you give me their address and phone please.
The phone number is 01223358966, it is located in Parkside, Cambridge and the postcode is CB11JG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for your help
You're very welcome. Goodbye.
I would like to book a train for Thursday after 20:45. Can you help?
No problem! Where will you be departing from and where is the destination?
I need to leave bishops stafford and head into cambridge.
TR6336 departs at 21:29 and arrives at 22:07 for 10.10 pounds.  Do you wish to book this one?
Sounds right, would you book it for 6 people? I will need the reference number, thank you.
Your Reference number is : VCAW5JNF.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I have heard wonderful things about the autumn house hotel.  Could you provide me with some information on this hotel please?
Sure. Autumn House is a cheap, guesthouse type hotel in he east part of town. It has 4 stars.
Perfect thanks for such great help
You're welcome. Would you like a booking or any other information? 
Could I please have the phone number for the Autumn House?
Sure! The number is 01223575122. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you. But thank you very much.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful trip!
Help me please, i just been robbed and don't know what to do.
Please contact the Parkside Police Station at 01223358966. 
Thank you, what's the postcode?
The postcode is CB11JG.  Do you need further assistance?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.
Yes, I am looking for a hotel by the name of the Autumn House. Can you tell me about it?
Yes, the Autumn hose is on the East part of time, the prices are cheap and it's four stars.  Is there anything else you'd like to know?
No, I just want to book it for 2 people for 5 nights starting Wednesday.
You are booked into autumn house. The reference number is E4QFTBQT. May I help with anything else?
Thank you very much, can you also give some recommendations for places to go for college students?
churchill college located in the west is a nice place. Would you like more info? 
Just confirming it's in the west part of town?
Churchill College is located on Stoney's Way on the west side of town. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you also book a taxi for me?
Sure where are you going to and when?
I'm leaving the college to the hotel by 24:45.
Your taxi has been reserved. It is a white skoda and you can contact it at 07059964954.
Thanks so much, I guess that's all i need! good bye.
Thank you for using our system! Have fun!
I am looking for a place to dine in the Centre.  Can you help me?
Yes I can.  Is there a type of food that you are looking for?
Light bites, please.
Sorry there are no matches do you want me to look for any other type of cuisine?
check for portuguese food.
Nandos City Centre is a Portuguese Cuisine in the town Centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
No reservation but can I get the price range, the post code and the address?
Absolutely! The price range is cheap. It's postcode is cb23ar. And the address is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a 4 star hotel.
What area of the city would you like the hotel to be in?
i would like it near the centre.
I have one guesthouse and one hotel that would work.  What price range did you want?
Let's go for the guesthouse please
Alexander Bed and Breakfast is the guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you tell me if it has free parking?
Yes it has free parking and free wifi.
Please give me their price range and postcode.
Cheap price range and postcode is cb12e
Someone just robbed me! I need some help urgently please!
Cambridge, parkside police telephone number 01223358966.
What is the address for the parkside police? 
The only address I have for them is Parkside, Cambridge. 
Thank you for your help. 
You are more than welcome! 
Are there any sports related entertainment venues on the west side of Cambridge?
I have no entries for that area,would you like me to check another?
Can you look for a museum in that area?
sorrry i could not find a searching matching the same
You couldn't find a museum in the west area?
Sorry yes I did, would you prefer free or is a entrance fee okay?
Either a fee or not is fine it woes not matter.
I have the lynne strover gallery or kettle's yard in the west that is free.
What is the address for Lynne Strover?
The address is 23 high street, fen ditton. 
Thank you, we will try there! Now I need help finding a restaurant that serves African food that is in the same location as the museum. 
There are no results for that. Is there a different type of food you'd like to try in that area?
Is there a restaurant with my criteria that serves British food? 
There are 3. Two are expensive and one is moderately priced. Which would you prefer? 
It does not matter. Just make a recommendation and book a table for 4 people at 13:45 on Friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VAGMWR8S.
Okay thanks. That's all for now. Bye.
Have a great day.  Goodbye.
I would like a malaysian restaurant in the centre of town. 
Sorry there are no Malasian resturants in the area you are looking for. Can I help you with something elese.
How about Korean food in the Centre of town?
Little Seoul is a korean restaurant in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number? 
Yes, and their address.
The address for Little Seoul is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Enjoy!
Hello, I need a train to Norwich please. I need to be there by 08:45.
I have many trains available.  What is your departure site and day you would like to travel?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Thursday.
TR2266 will get you to norwich at 7:55.  It leaves Cambridge at 6:36. Would you like to book a seat?
is there anything else that arrives closer to 8:45 like I requested? 
I'm sorry, that is the closest arrival to 08:45. Would you like me to look at something arriving after that time?
No, TR2266 will work, could you get me tickets for 5 people and a reference number?
You have 5 seats reserved on TR2266, reference #2V0XYT43. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a place to stay with 4 stars that include free wifi. 
I have found 21 places to stay. Do you have a price range preference?
No but I would like it to be in the north.
There are 8 places that fit your needs. I suggest the Avalon. Would you like for me to book a room?
No, thank you. I'll just need to know the hotel type and address, please?
The Avalon is a guesthouse. The address is 78-80 Milton Road. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all, thank you.
You are very welcome. You have a lovely day.
do you have information about  all saints church?
All Saints Church is a fine bit of architecture in the center of Cambridge. They are located on Jesus Lane, cb58bs, and their phone is 01223452587.
Is there an entrance fee and if so, how much is it?
Nope, it's totally free.  Can I help with any other information today?
Can you find me a moderately priced british restaurant now?
Restaurant One Seven is in the moderate range and serves British food, would you like the address ?
I am looking for a restaurant in the cambridge area that serve cuisine for a moderate price.
Yippee noodle bar at 40428 King Street City Centre meets your needs.  Would you like a booking?
I need the place to serve a Turkish food. I'll need an address and post code also.
I have two that serve Turkish food, both in the moderate price range: Anatolia and Efes Restaurant. Would you like addresses for both?
Yes please. I'm also looking for a train if you can help me with that.
Of course, where is the departure from? And at what time?
I'll need to leave from kings lynn sometime after 21:15.
The first train out of kings lynn after your specified time is TR0672, leaving at 22:11. 
Ok I'd like to book 7 tickets for monday. And can I get the reference number?
That has been booked. The reference number is RJFFMS3C. Anything else I can do for you?
Great, thank you! That is everything I needed.
Your welcome.  Please let us know if we can be of assistance in the future. 
Hi, I am organizing my trip and am looking for a cheap Mexican restaurant. 
Unfortunately I'm not finding any mexican restaurants in the cheap range. Did you have another choice?
How about a Chinese restaurant in the cheap range?
I have 4 chinese restaurants in the city.  I have 3 in the centre and 1 in the south.  Is there a particular area you would like to be?
No, it doesn't matter.  Please make a suggestion and provide the phone number.
I recommend the Rice House. Their phone number is 01223367755.
I am also looking for information on Clare College.
The phone number is 01223333200.  It is located on trinity land and the post code is cb21tl.  The entrance fee is 2.50
Could you tell me the address of Clare college?
There is no specific number but their address in our system is listed as Trinity Lane. 
You've been a great help.  Have a great day.  Goodbye 
It is our pleasure to help you. Have a great day now!
Can you help me find a place to stay in the north that includes free wifi?
Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would like a hotel with a moderate price range that includes free parking also. 
The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are 2 hotels in the north area in the moderate price range, both have 2 stars and free parking and internet.
3 people and 3 nights starting from friday at ashley
Would you like me to make a booking for either one? Which one do you prefer?
any of your choice.
Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is TJSXO54D. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge, can you help me?
Okay! What day would you like to travel?
I need to leave after 14:00. And it's how i'm getting to cambridge, so friday.
Okay, the TR6247 leaves at 14:09. Would you like me to book tickets?
No thank, just need total travel time and price.
Prices is 37.80 pounds per person, the total duration of the trip is 105 minutes.  Any other questions today?
No, that is everything I need. Thanks for your help!
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all, thank you for your help.
Have a pleasant stay at the Ashley and a wonderful trip. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am from out of the area and would love some help finding a room somewhere in the city. 
Sure, I'd be happy to help. Do have a price range or particular area of town you're interested in?
I'd like it to include free parking and be in the north please. 
I have several options for you with prices ranging from cheap to moderate. I recommend the Archway House.
Is that a guesthouse? I would really like that.
Yes, The Archway House is a guesthouse in the north. It's moderately priced, has 4 stars and includes free wifi and internet. Can I book you a room there? 
You certainly can, thank you.  I will be the only guest and I'd like to check in for 2 nights starting Wednesday.
I'm sorry.  They are booked up through those days.  Would you like to try for one day?
Yes, 1 night would be fine. 
I have booked you for Wednesday night at the Archway House. Your reference number is 1MWP83E1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! That's all, thanks!
Welcome, hope you enjoy your day.
Can you help me find a train departing from birmingham new street going to cambridge?
Absolutely. What day do you need to get to Cambridge, and at what time?
train should arrive by 21:00 and should leave on tuesday
There are trains that meet those requirements leaving once an hour starting at 05:40.
Can you assist me with booking one?
Lets narrow down the time a little, the TR 3802 leaves at 17.40 and arrives at 20.23 so that gives you a little extra time, would you like me to book you?
That would be great. I also would like to book a guesthouse for my stay.  
Okay, great. You have a lot of options. Would you like to narrow it down by area, price range, or stars?
Yes. It should have 2 stars and include free wifi.
I do not have any in that star range. Shall I try something else?
Maybe a star rating of 3 would be good.  Is there anything available?
yes when were you planning your stay and for how many people?
I need the reservation to be for 2 people and 2 nights please. 
Okay! Starting when?
On Tuesday please. 
I've booked your room for two at Hamilton Lodge. You'll be staying for 2 nights beginning Tuesday. Your reference number is 3NT2B4SP. Can I help you find anything else today?
Thanks, that is all I'll need today.  Bye.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Are there any restaurants that serve New Zealand food?
There are not. 
OK, can you find any Chinese restaurants in the town centre?
There are a number of Chinese restaurants in the city centre from cheap to expensive.  Do you have a price range?
I don't care about price. I need to book a table for 4 at 18:45 on Saturday.
I'm afraid none of the restaurants are available at that date an time. Is there another date or time that would work for you?
Okay, we can eat earlier if we really have to. Can you try for 17:45 instead?
I booked you a table that is available for 15 minutes at Charlie Chan at 17:45, reference number is 2KUX2G5T.  Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like to go to a college in the same area as the restaurant. 
There are five colleges that meet that criteria. Do you mind if there is an entrance fee?
I do not mind. I only need the address and postcode of any one of those colleges. 
Christ's College is free and located on Saint Andrew's Street.  The postcode is CB23BU.  Anything else?
No that is all I need, thanks .
I'm glad I could help you. Enjoy your trip!
I need to get to a restaurant known as the Lucky star
It is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.
Thanks, please make a reservation there for 2 people at 18:00 on saturday.
I'm sorry, but there are no tables available at that time. Would you like to choose another day or time?
Sure, do they have any openings at 17:00?
Thank you goodbye
I'd like to find a guesthouse to stay.
No problem. We have 24 to choose from. Any specifics?
I'm looking for one with free parking and wifi and which has a 3-star rating.
Okay, there are three: Bridge Guest House in the south, Hamilton Lodge in the north, and Hobsons House in the west. Would one of these work for you?
Can I have the address for Hamilton Lodge? 
Certainly. It's located at 156 chesterton road. Anything else you'd like to know?
Yes, I'm not familiar with that address.  What part of town is that in?
It is in the North part of town.
Great, thanks for the information. That's all I need right now. 
Have a great day!
Can you give me some information on trinity college please?
Sure thing! Trinity College is located on Trinity Street in Centre with a postcode of cb21tq.  Would you like more information today?
Great! Thanks!  Is that just a college or is there any other type of attraction there?
I'm not sure. Would you like me to give you the phone number? They might have more information on that. 
Yes, can you please get that for me. Thank you
The phone number for Trinity College is 01223338400. Can I help you with anything else? 
I also need a train to Ely.
Where will you travel from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and will be traveling Wednesday. 
Can you tell me what time you want to leave or arrive by? 
I need to be there by 11:15.
Okay! How about the 9:50 train? That's the latest one, and it arrives at 10:07.
That sounds good. What's the travel time and price for that one?
only 17 mins and 4.4 GBP payable at the station
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, again. That is all I need. Thanks.
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! It's been a pleasure to help you explore our city today!
I need to take a train from Cambridge to the stansted airport, which train would be the best one?
I have several trains traveling to stansted airport, which day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on Tuesday after 16:00, please.
TR0471 leaving Cambridge on Tuesday at 16:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport by 17:08. Would this one work for you?
Yes, that sounds good. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I'm looking for a place to stay in the south part of town with a 3 star rating.
Okay I have two different options. There is a guesthouse and a hotel. Both have free parking and wifi. Any preference as to which one?
I am looking to book a train. I need to leave Cambridge and go to London Liverpool Street.
No problem, I have many options for you. Do you have a particular day of the week you would like to travel, or time?
yes. i  should leave after 13:45 and should leave on thursday
I have a train leaving Thursday at 13:59, would you like me to book it for you?
Could you tell me when the train arrives in London Liverpool Street?
That train arrives at 15:27. Would you like me to book it for you?
yes pliz.may i also get the arrival time
The arrival time is by 15:27, do you want to book a seat?
Not yet. I just needed to get the details. Thanks for helping me. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services. Do you need any further assistance?
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel in the north, and I'd like the more expensive range please.
I'm sorry, but there are no expensive hotels in the north area. Could I check for one in the moderate price range for you?
I'm sorry not hotels, guesthouses please.
There are no guesthouses in the expensive range in the north area.  There are five options, in the moderate range, any other preferences?
Yes, please check one in the moderate range.
I have many listings,could I get what star rating to would preferred? 
Honestly, I would prefer if you could suggest one as long as its moderately priced. 
Alright. Does the acorn guest house sound okay? It's 4 stars with free internet and parking. 
That would be fine. Could you also find out some information about the india house restaurant? 
The india house is in the expensive price range and located at 31 Newnham Road Newnham.   
Thanks. Could you reserve a table for 3 people at 16:30 on Thursday?
I am unable to book during that time slot on Thursday.  Would you like to try a different time on Thursday or maybe a different day?
How about 15:30?
Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : SP0ZTZU8. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'll be needing a taxi between those two locations. Please make sure they can have me at the restaurant by my reservation time.
Booking was successful. You will arrive at the India House by 15:30.
That's all I needed. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi, I am looking for a particular restaurant, the Restaurant Alimentum.
restaurant alimentum is a modern European restaurant in the south. It is located at 152 - 154 Hills Road. Their phone number is 01223413000.
Could you book me a table for 1 at 12:30 on friday and could I have the reference number please?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AO7B2S0G.
I'm also looking for museum type attractions in the centre
There are 11 museums in the centre. Is there a particular one that you are looking for?
I have no idea. I have never been to any. Can you make a recommendation please? 
How about Castle Galleries? Admission is free!
Sure! Thanks for the recommendation!  I like free!  Can I get a postcode and phone number for this museum? Thanks!
sure the phone number is 01223307402 and the postcode is cb23bj
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
You're welcome, and thanks, you, too!
I'm looking for a train departing from London Liverpool street.
I have a number of trains leaving from london liverpool street. Where are you going and when do you want to go?
I am going to Cambridge and need to arrive by 21:15 on Tuesday. Can you do that?
Yes I can. There are a total of 8 trains arriving by 21:15 on Tuesday. Would a train that departs at 17:39 and arrives by 19:07 be okay with you?
That will work, thanks. I need tickets for 3 people, please. Can you also provide a reference number once they're booked?
I have booked it for you and the reference number is: ZBGBFGTB
Thank you. What can you tell me about the leverton house?
Yes certainly. It is a guesthouse on the East side of Cambridge and has a rating of 4 stars. It also offers free internet and parking amenities. 
Great, thanks. That's everything I needed today so I'm going to lay down for a nap I guess. Bye!
Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a cheap place to dine. I want it to be on the west side of town.
There are two cheap restaurants on the west side, one Italian and one Vietnamese. Do you have a preference? 
Shucks. No Polish?
No, sorry we have no cheap Polish restaurants in the west of town, would you like me to look in a different area or price range? 
I suppose Italian might suffice. Do you have any listings for cheap Italian restaurants on the west side?
I do have la margherita that meets your requests. Would you like me to book a table for you?
no, but could you please give me the address and the phone number?
Certainly. La Margherita is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223315232. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your help!
Awesome. Have a good rest of your day!
I'm looking for a guesthouse with free wifi.
We have 23 guesthouses offering free WiFi. Do you have other preferences, as well?
Something in the east, please.
A and B guest house is available.
That sounds like it will work. Do they have a star rating? If so, can I get the postcode.
A and B Guest House has a four-star rating, and their postcode is cb12dp.  Would you like me to book that for you?  I should mention there's no parking.
No that's okay, I just wanted to learn about it. Thanks!
You are welcome. Do you need additional information about restaurants or attractions?
No, not at this time. Thanks for your help. 
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I will be in the centre area and I need a place to go.
What do you like? Museums and architecture, nightclubs and theatres?
A museum would be great! Could you send me the phone number and entrance fee of one?
You could try Castle Galleries. Their phone number is 01223307402, and admission is free. Can I help you with anything else?
I am looking to dine at  charlie chan
Do you need a reservation?
What type of food do they serve?
Charlie Chan is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the center of town at Regent Street City Centre. Can I provide any additional information to you?
Yes, please. I'd also like to know the postcode?
Of course. The postcode is cb21db. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I need to book a taxi to leave the restaurant and go back to the hotel at 14:15.
Okay! What hotel are you staying at?
Ill have to check on that and get back to you.
Okay, thank you.
I'll need the taxi between Charlie Chan and Castle Galleries please
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	blue lexus Contact number	:	07475610928 
Ok, that is all. Thank you.
You're welcome have a great day
What is the best french expensive restaurant in town?
There are two located in town. The Restaurant Two Two, which is in the north, and the Cote, which is located in the centre. Would you like to book a table?
I'd like to eat at the one that's in the north. 
Okay, that's Restaurant Two Two, located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton cb43ax. May I help you book a table?
What is the phone number for the restaurant?
They can be reached at 01223351880. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you tell me a little about a hotel called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast? 
It is located at 53 roseford rd in the south area, rated 4 stars, they have internet and parking.  The phone number is 01223512596.  
Thank you for that information. Sounds like a good place. 
Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Hmm, no thank you. I will need a taxi though, can you help me with that?
Where are you traveling to and from?
It's going to be from the restaurant to the hotel. I want to leave the restaurant by 4:45. Can you tell me what type of car and contact number?
I've booked your taxi! A yellow Tesla will pick you up at the restaurant at 4:45, and the contact number is 07207525802. 
Great! Thank you very much! 
Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
No, that is it. Thanks. Bye. 
Alright! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!
Are there any cheap restaurants that serve corsica food around Cambridge?
No I am sorry there aren't any. Another food type perhaps?
Are there any restaurants in the center of town that serve Corsica food no matter the price range?
No, I'm sorry. There are none. Would you like to choose a different type of food?
How about a good chinese place?
charlie chan is a very good place to dine
That sounds good to me! Can you please book a table for one at 11:15 on Sunday?
Your table is booked, reference #PJOHE4EN. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I needed!  Thank you for your help.
thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I would like recommendations for italian restaurants.
Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is an Italian restaurant, would you like to book that?
Is the price range for Stazione restaurant moderate?
No, Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is in the expensive price range.
I'm looking for something in the moderate price range that's in the south part of town. I would also like a phone number and address, please.
Sure U have the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton and their telephone is 01223323737	and their postcode is cb21ab. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train departing from Cambridge. 
There are 1,414 trains departing from Cambridge. Can I narrow that down by destination, day, and/or a time?
I'm looking for a train to Stansted Airport that departs on Wednesday. It needs to arrive by 17:30.
I have many that will arrive by that time, but the closest to that actual time is TR2912, departing cambridge at 16:40 and arriving at stansted at 17:08.
That sounds great. That is all the information I needed. Thank you for your help.
I am ready to book, but need to know how many tickets you need for the train?
I don't want to book right now I just wanted to know the availability. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope, I'm all set. Thank you, goodbye!
Thank you. Please contact us again in the future if you would like any additional information or bookings.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay that offers free parking.
What area would you like the hotel in?
I would like it to be in South please.
Is there a price you are looking for?
I am looking for an expensive place to stay.
Would you like a hotel or guesthouse?
I would like a hotel please.
I have one hotel that would suit your needs. It's called the Lensfield Hotel. They offer free parking and free wifi. Can I book you a room? 
How many people?
How many people will be staying with you?
I need it booked for 3 people for 5 nights starting from friday. 
Booked! Reference number: 68SV7AUH.  
Thank you, I also need to find a place to eat serving mexican food in the same area as the hotel
There's the chiquito restaurant bar but its rather expensive. If that's okay, I can help you make a reservation.
Can I have the phone number and post code for that please?
Their phone number is 01223400170 and their postcode is cb17dy
I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant, leaving the hotel by 02:30, I have to make sure Im first in line when they open for breakfast.
Out taxis operate 24/7, so you are in luck.  Look for a white skoda, there phone number is 07842340394, any further questions?
No thats all I need for today. 
Okay. You have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the west.
I'm sorry, but there seems to be an error. Could you please restate your request?
Yes, I'm looking for museums in the center of town, not a restaurant. Can you tell me about your favorite one?
I have the broughton house gallery located at 98 king street with free entrance fee. 
what's the address?
The address is 98 king street. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train going from Cambridge to Stevenage on Tuesday.
Ok we have 10 trains that day, did you have a time in mind?
I need to leave after 17:45
I can put you on the tr6692, it leaves at 19:21, how many tickets?
Thank you for all the information. That will be all for now.
Okay great! Have a great day!
Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Please call again if we can assist you in any other way. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves venetian food.
Regretfully, I don't have a listing for Venetian cuisine. Do you have a second choice?
Anything in the centre would be fine, whatever you recommend.
There are over a hundred restaurants to chose from do you have a price range? 
Definitely something moderately priced. If you can't find Venetian, how about British?
There are 4 results. restaurant one seven, the oak bistro, the copper kettle, and cotto. Would you like more information on any of those?
Yes, please. Find out which of the four restaurants have vegan options, please?
Sadly, I don't have access to that information.  The Oak Bistro might be a good choice. Their phone number is 01223323361 if you'd like to call them
Okay, well, let's go ahead and book a table for one at 11:30 on Tuesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0IJIWWQ9.  What else can I help you with?
I also need a place to stay.  Can you help with that?
Yes I can. What type of place to stay would you like? What area of town?
I'm looking for a place that has 3 stars and free parking.
We have five hotels that meet that criteria, are you looking for a specific part of town? 
I am not looking for a specific area, but I would like for it to be in the moderate price range, please.
How about the hamilton lodge it's located in the north. 
Does that one have free internet as well? If so it will work great for me. 
Yes the hamilton lodge is 3 stars moderately priced and offers free wifi and parking.  
Thanks, I need a taxi to commute between the two places.
I can help you book a taxi but first I need some information - where are you leaving from and what's the destination. Also what time do you want to leave?
I am traveling between the two places discussed, I need to reach the restaurant by the booked time.
I booked you a black volvo. The driver can be reached at 07410117478. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry, I clearly wasn't paying attention.  Yes that is all I need.
Then you are all set?
Yes. Have a great day.
Thank you for calling.
Hi! I'm looking for a restaurant called Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar.
Sure, it's in the centre of town. Do you want to book a table there?
Please book a table for 4 people.
Sure, I can do that.  What day and time would you like me to book?  
Sunday at 19:00 please.
Okay the booking was successful. Reference number is VKKM9KO1.
Thanks, I am also looking for a place to stay.
Great, I can help with that. Do you have an area and price range you want?
in the type of Guesthouse, 4 star rating in the moderate price range, and free parking, i want to book that for the same 7 people, for 2 nights Sunday please
There are 9 options here. What area would you prefer?
Is there a guesthouse in the center? It would be more convenient near the restaurant.
I don't have any guesthouses in that area meeting your requirements. Would you like me to check in a different area?
Sorry forget area, that doesnt matter. Just choose the first option out of the previous 9 you mentioned and book it with the specifications I mentioned earlier.
The Acorn Guest House meets your criteria. Should I book it for you?
Yes. I need it booked for 4 people on sunday and for 2 nights
I have booked rooms for 4 for 2 nights starting Sunday and the Acorn Guest House.  Your reference number is 7R08F7KY.  Is there anything else today?
I will also need a taxi to commute between those two places. Could you book me one.
I have booked a white lexus that will get you to the restaurant by 19:00. Phone number is 07132308667. 
Thank you for putting up with me!
It's been my pleasure. Can help with something else? 
No, that is all I need today. Thanks again for all your help! You've been wonderful!
I'm glad I could be of help. Please contact us again, anytime. Good bye.
Greetings. I'd like some information about vue cinema.
The vue cinema is located in the centre of the city and the phone number is 08712240240.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is cb11ps. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for an oriental restaurant that is relatively cheap . Any suggestions?
Dojo Noodle Bar, and J Restaurant are both located in the centre area. Would you like more info on either of these?
Yes I would love to hear about either.
Both are in the centre of town and in the cheap price range.
What is the phone number and address for Dojo Noodle Bar?
The phone number is 01223363471 and the address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. 
Wonderful, now I will need a taxi to commute between the two. I want to leave the cinema by 20:45 to get to the restaurant.
Ok, not a problem! You will be looking for a yellow volkswagen and the taxis phone number is 07352155369.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is everything! Thank you for all your help!
Have a good day!
Do you know where I can find the Holy Trinity Church?
Absolutely. Holy Trinity Church is on Market Street in the centre of town. Their postcode is cb23nz and is free to enter. Would you need their phone number?
Great what type of attraction are they?
It is an architecture attraction.
That's all the information I need. Thanks for your help!
Thank you. Goodbye.
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some suggestions.  I am looking for places to go in town.
Can I ask you some questions about the types of places you want to go while you're in Cambridge?
The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of cinema.
The Vue Cineme is in the Grafton Centre, on East Road. Do you need any more information?
What is the postcode for The Vue Cineme?
The postcode is cb11ps. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'd also like to find a moderately-priced guesthouse on the west side, if possible. I do need free wifi.
I have one place.Shall I book it?
Sure, I'll be coming in on Sunday with one other person. We'll be staying for 3 nights.
Okay. Your booking was successful. The reference number is UOE033DZ. Can I help with anything else today?
Can you book me a taxi to get me from the cinema to the hotel?
Absolutely, when did you want to leave?
I would like to leave by 23:30.
For me to book your Taxi  what time you will like to arrive?
You don't need an arrival time. I told you my departure time is 23:30. That should be enough. Please tell me the contact number and car type when you book it
Your car will be a white Ford, and their contact number is 07378026406. Need anything else?
I am also looking for an attraction.
What kind of attraction are you looking for, and in what area?
I would like to find a cinema.
The Vue Cinema meets your requirements.
Thank you that is all for now. 
Okay, goodbye. It was a pleasure assisting you.
I am looking for an attraction of architecture.
All Saints Church has wonderful architectural interest.  It is in the city centre.  How does that sound?
Pretty good.  Can you give me an address and postcode please?
Absolutely. They are located on Jesus Lane. Their postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can answer for you? 
Please, also look for a restaurant in the north in the expensive price range.
We have five expensive restaurants in the north. Is there a type of cuisine you'd prefer?
No, I would just need a reservation for 3 at 13:00 on Wednesday.
 i got you a reservation for city stop restaurant.The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 9WNT50DL.	
Thank you, that will be all. 
You are welcome. enjoy your stay and call us if you need anything else.
Hello, I am traveling to Cambridge and I'm looking for some local restaurants. I would like to find some located in the Centre and of moderate price.
We have a lot of locations to chose from. What type of food would you like?
Are there any restaurants that serve bistro food?
There are no bistro style places that meet your criteria, would you like another style of food perhaps?
how about italian?
Sure, there are two such restaurants. How about Pizza Express, at Regent Street City Centre? Would you like to book a table?
Yea! Please book a table for 2 people at 15:00 on Thursday. 
That time is not available, would you like to book another day or time slot?
Can you try 14:00?
Yes I was able to make you a reservation at the pizza express on thursday at 14:00 for 2 people.  Your reference number is UN9ONONE.
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area of the restaurant
I have several options. Do you prefer a certain price range so that we can narrow down the options? 
I don't really care about price range, but I'd like to have free parking.
The Gonville Hotel is in the expensive range but is located in the Centre.
Does it have free parking?
Yes it does! Shall I book that hotel for you?
Please. Book it for 2 people on thursday, for 3 days. I'll need the reference number for that as well.
Your Booking was successful.Your Reference number is : K9JGOOGY.
Can I also book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the hotel? We want to make our dinner reservation. 
I have you booked leaving at  13:45 and arriving at 14:00. Your car is a black audi. 
That sounds great.  Can you provide the contact number for the taxi?
Certainly, the number is 07937202537. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
That's all. Thanks.
Thank you as well and have a wonderful day!
Hi, I'm looking for an attraction in the center of town to visit.
We have quite a few interesting attractions in the center of town.  Is there anything in particular you would like to see?
I have no preference, I just need the address, postcode, and entrance fee.
There are 44 different attractions here in cambridge.  Would you like me to pick one of them for you?
As long as it is in the centre of town, yes. 
There is the All Saints Church at Jesus Lane.
Can I get the adress, postcode, and entrance fee?
No problem. The address is Jesus Lane, postcode cb58bs and the entrance fee is free. What else can I help you with?
I would like to book the Alexander Bed and Breakfast, for three people and 2 nights starting on Thursday.
That booking wasn't successful.  Would you like to try a different hotel?
Can you try for 1 night instead?
Yes, I was able to book it for one night. your reference number is U4CZ92U1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also book a taxi for me?
Sure. What time would you like to leave or arrive by? 
I'm hoping to leave from the Alexander by 09:30 please.
Alright, I got a yellow Toyota taxi to take you from the Alexander to All Saints Church. The taxi contact number is 07449269313. Anything else you need today?
No thanks, that's all.
Great, have a fantastic trip. Thanks for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I need a train leaving broxbourne on wednesday.  Can you book it for me?
Sure! What is your destination?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 11:45.
I have train TR1819 that leaves at 10:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:32. Would that work for you? 
yeah, what's the price of the tickets?
The price of the tickets is 17.90 pounds. Shall I make a booking for you?
Yes, please. I'm also looking for a hotel that's cheap and in the north. 
There are no cheap hotels in the north but there are 2 guesthouses. Will those work?
I am checking on the train schedule from Peterborough to Cambridge.
Sure many trains use that route. It would be helpful if you could narrow down a specific travel time.
I want to leave after 10:00. 
What day do you want to depart?
i want to depart on thursday.
TR418 leaves at 10:19. Whould you like me to book it?
I will book it myself.
OK - is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need an attraction.
Ok, I can help you with that. What type of attraction are you looking for?
I'm just looking for something fun to do in the centre of town.  Do you have any recommendations?
I'd recommend Vue Cinema. Would you like more information?
Can I get the phone number please? 
Sure, their number is 08712240240. Is there anything else I can help with?
No thank you. That is all for today. Goodbye
thank you and enjoy your stay.
Can you help me find a particular restaurant that I'm looking for?
I would be happy to help.  Which restaurant are you looking for?
The restaurant is called eraina.
Ah yes, the Eraina. It's an expensive European restaurant in the city centre. Would you like more info?
It was recommended by a friend, and I'm not sure what type of food they serve. Do you know? 
they serve european food
That sounds great, can I get the phone number?
Yes, they can be reached at 01223368786, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a taxi.
from where and going to where
I would like for the taxi to pick me up from the hotel and drop me off at the restaurant.
well what hotel will you be staying at?
I am looking at staying at the Bridge Guest House.
Do you need me to book that for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
For how many people and when will you be staying?
For 2 people and make the reservations for October 12-18 please.
What day would you like me to book that for? monday, tuesday? another day?
I actually just need the post code for the bridge guest house. and then i'll need a taxi as well.
The postcode is cb28rj for Bridge Guest House. What time do you want to be picked up at the Guest House or to arrive at Eraina?
Okay I need a taxi too.
What time would you like to arrive at Eraina?
I need to leave the hotel by 23:30. Please send me the car type and  contact number please.
Your booking was completed! Lookout for a Blue Skoda, contact number 07005686412. Can I help with anything else? 
No, that's it for today. Thanks for all your help.
You are quite welcome. Thank you for using our services!
I am looking for a cheap place to stay that has free wifi.
I have 10 hotels that meet that criteria. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
No, but it should be a 1 star establishment.
I'm sorry but all the cheap hotels with free wifi are either 0 or 4 stars?  Would one of those options work for you?
Yes, lets go with 4 stars.
I found a 4 star hotel with free wifi would you like me to book it?
Yes for 8 people for 3 nights starting friday please.
I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to look at one of the other hotels that meet your criteria
No thank you that will be all that I can think of .
Okay. Have a good day!
On second thought, would you look for another hotel in the cheap price range? Please book it and give me the reference number.
Booked at worth house. Reference number: DKEC3GVH. 
That was great. Thank you goodbye!
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. You have a great day! Good Bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant called nandos city centre
Yes, it is located at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street cb23ar.
i want to book  a table  for 5 people at 14:00 on Sunday. i need the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : CGXD71ZM. What else may I help with?
i also want a train  which leaves after 17:30 on monday
what will be your destination and where are you leaving?
i'm trying to get to peterborough. i can leave any time after 17:30
There is a train departing Cambridge for Peterborough at 17:34 on Monday. This would be the earliest train.  Shall I book this?
Yes, I will need it for 5. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 76ZSD1E8.
Thanks for your help>
You're welcome. Will that be all for today?
That will be it! Thank you so much!
Well, you're welcome!  You have a good day now!
I'm looking for a place to go in the south of town.
What type of place are you looking for? In the south, we have a cinema, theater, museum, parks, and night club. If you tell me what you are looking for, we can narrow it down.
south. and i need to get address and postcode
Tenpin is a fun place in the south, located at Cambridge Leisure Park, Clifton Way. Their postcode is cb17dy.
And can you help me find a train to get to Birmingham New Street.  It needs to leave after 19:15.
May I ask what day you are needing to book the train for?
I'll be traveling on Monday. 
There are four trains on Monday that would meet your needs, leaving at 20:01, 21:01, 22:01, and 23:01.
ok, i'll do the first train
That's train TR2850 leaving at 20:01 and arriving at 22:44. Would you like reservations?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
How many tickets do you need?
I don't need tickets actually.  Can you confirm that it does indeed leave from Cambridge?  And I'll need the travel time also.  Thanks.
I can confirm the train leaves from Cambridge. The travel time is 163 minutes. May I help with something else?
That's it for today. Thanks so much for your help.
Thank you, have a great evening.
Do you know anything about camboats?
I do, they are an amazing boating place in the east part of cambridge with activites for all type of boaters, would you like more information?
Yes more info of what is offered and how can I get there 
The address I have for camboats is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Perhaps you can give them a call for more information. Their phone number is 01223902112. 
Thank you. Could you tell me their business hours?
No I don't know their business hours but I have a phone number you can use to check with them. It's 01223902112.
Is there an entrance fee at Camboats?
I'm unsure of the entrance fee. You could try calling then with the number I provided though. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a train leaving on friday and arriving by 20:00.
And where would your destination be please ?
my destination is bishops stortford 
We've got a train leaving at 17:29.  Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
I dont need a booking. I do need the travel time and the price please.
The travel time is 38 minutes and the price is 10.10 pounds.
thanks that is i need today 
you are welcome.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Please feel free to reach out if you have any additional questions. Goodbye.
Yes, hello. I interested in finding a 0-star hotel in the centre please
There are two. Both have WiFi. Do you need parking?
I don't need free parking.
There is a moderately priced hotel or a cheap priced guesthouse. Would you like me to book one for you?
Cheap one. Book it for 2 people, 2 nights starting from Wednesday. Reference number.
Great, I have you booked at the El Shaddai for 2 nights. Your reference number is 4EOYK3V7.
Thank you. Can you help me out in finding an indian restaurant in town?
There are 22 restaurants serving indian food in town. Do you have a price range?
Yes, I need the expensive price range please. 
Do you have a part of town you'd like to eat in, or would you just like a suggestion?
There is not a certain part of town. But I will need a table for 2 people on Wednesdat at 13:30.
I found the tandoori palace on the south side of town for you. I also booked a table for the date and time you wanted. Here is your reference number R8QVU1MH
That should be all, Thank you very much.
Ok great. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking to get some information on the worth house hotel.
Its a guesthouse located in the north and very cheap. 4 star rating & offer free internet access & parking. Phone is 01223363682.
What's the postcode for it?
Sorry about that the postcode is cb41da. And they are located at 152 chesterton road.
Thank you. I also need a train going to Cambridge that arrives by 13:00.
There are a 546 trains traveling to Cambridge that arrives no later than 13:00. Where would you like to depart from?
I'll be leaving from Peterborough on Friday. Is there anything that arrives in Cambridge by 13:00?
Yes, TR6691 arrives by 12:38 and costs 16.50 pounds.  Shall I book it for you?
No thank you, I just need to know the departure time.
11:48. Anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks!
Glad I could help. Goodbye.
I'm hoping to find a moderately priced place to stay.
We have many options. Are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse?
I would prefer a guesthouse. Also, I would need free parking.
I have 33 results, is there a specific area you prefer? 
I'd prefer something on the west side of town.
I have hobsons house on the west side in the moderate range. It has 3 stars and internet and parking. Would you like to book that one?
That sounds good,please book that one for me.
For how many and what dates?
Eight people, two nights from Thursday. 
Booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to try a different hotel?
Yes, the same price range.
In the area of west there is only one guest house in the moderate price range. Do you want me to search a different area?
Yes you can check any area please.
I have 12 in the moderate price range. Would you like me to try the aylesbray lodge guest house?
Yes please book for me then me the reference number
Okay that was successful and your booking number is JP9DVKTJ.
Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome. Will you be needing anything else today?
No. I have everything I need.
Great! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I am going on a trip to Cambridge and I would like a train leaving Wednesday around noon.
Sure. There are many options. Where would you be departing from? And do your prefer an arrival time?
it should depart from cambridge and arrive by 08:15
Ok great!  So that I can narrow down our results, can you tell me where you will be traveling to?
Yes, I am going to peterborough.
TR3730 will arrive by 07:56, would that work for you?
Yes, for four please. 
I was able to book you 4 tickets for that train. Your reference number is FD20AHTB. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? 
Yes. I'd like some information on a particular attraction called Little Saint Mary's Church. 
Sure!  Little Saint Mary's Church is in the centre of the city on Little Saint Mary's Lane.  The phone number is 01223366202. It has free admission.
Thats perfect and what is the entrance fee ?
There isn't an entrance fee for Little Saint Mary's Church. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Hes, can you provide me the postcode please?
The postcode for Little Saint Mary's Church is cb21qy.
And what type of attraction is it?
It is an architecture type attraction renowned for it's stained glass windows.  Can I help with anything else?
No, you've been very helpful.  Thank you.  Goodbye
Glad to help. Let me know if you ever need anything else.
I need some help finding the Parkside Police Station.
Hello, the phone number is 01223358966. If you need the address it is, Parkside Cambridge, postcode CB11JG.
Thank you! That's all I needed. Goodbye!
You're welcome! Please contact us again if you need anything else.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Alright, how can I help you today?
I'd like a train from London Liverpool Street on Sunday
What time would you like to leave and/or arrive by?
I need to leave after 09:45.
TR3197 leaves atb19:39 and costs 13:39 pounds. is that fine with you?
What time does it arrive by?
Train TR3197 arrives by 21:07 at cambridge
Thanks, can I also find a college to go to.
There are many colleges. Do you have a specific area in mind? or would you like me to make a recommenation?
If you could recommend one that would be great! Could you give me the postcode, address and the area of the one you choose?
churchill college is a great choice in the centre. The postcode is cb23bu. It is located on saint andrew's street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks!
You're very welcome! Let us know if you need anything else. 
Thanks very much, take care!
you too. enjoy your day.
Can you let me know if there are any available european restaurants in the centre area?
There are 8 restaurants which serve European cuisine located in the centre. Did you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I'm looking for a very nice, expensive place.
you can choose from eraina, michaelhouse cafe, or darrys cookhouse and wine shop	
Im a wine lover, so darrys cookhouse and wine shop  sounds interesting, can i get the postal code for that? 
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is located at the cb11ln post code. Do you have any more questions for me?
I am also looking for a train coming from Stevenage.
There are many trains leaving from Stevenage.  What day would you like to travel? Any preferred time?
I need to leave on Friday.  The train should arrive by 15:30. Thanks for all your help.
TR7785 will arrive in Cambridge at 14:43 on Friday. Would you like a ticket?
Yes please, and thank you.
How many tickets do you need?
I need for 5 people please.
OK, you have 5 seats booked under reference #8M7BPAB0. The total fee will be 64 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. That's all I need at this time.
please contact us again in the future. goodbye. 
Can you find me an italian restaurant in the centre?
Sure, there are 9 restaurants to choose from. Did you have a price range in mind?
I'm looking for something on the cheap side, please, although I'd like to get good value for the money.
There are three Italian restaurants in the center in the cheap range. They are pizza hut city centre, ask, and zizzi Cambridge. Which do you prefer?
Any of them will be fine. As long as it's cheap. I need a table for 4 on monday at 12:15 please.
I would recommend ask as it is a nice place.
Yes, please book ask for 4 people at 12:15 on monday.
I'm sorry but I couldn't book you there. How about another restaurant?
Yes please, same price range as before.
Okay I was able to get you into the Zizzi Cambridge and your reference number is GI0FZMKL.
Okay thank you very much for your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your lunch.
Thank you. I will.
Okay. Don't hesitate to call us if you need anything else.
I sure hope so. I've been injured and I need a hospital.
The closest hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Do they have a children's oncology and haematology department?
Yes, their number is 01223217231.
Can I please have the address and postcode?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the postcode is CB20QQ.
Thanks so much. I'm heading there now. Thanks again. Bye. 
You're welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre part of town.
You have lots of good cheap choices in that part of town!  What type of food sounds good to you? There are Italian restaurants, Indian, Spanish, Chinese, and more.
How about Chinese? can you book me a table for 3 people at 18:15 on a Sunday?
I'm sorry, none of the Chinese restaurants are available at that time. Is there another day or time that would work for you?
Ok, I'll try for a little earlier, how about 17:15?
Booked at Charlie Chan! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is YGWCXMK4.
Thanks so much. I think that was all I needed. Have a great day. 
Thank you. Enjoy your meal.
Does Cambridge have an Indian restaurant in the Centre of town?
I have 9 indian restaurants. Do you have a price range in mind?
I need a cheap one. 
I have 3, the gandhi is a great place.  shall I book a table for you?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for 7 people at 5:15 on Sunday.
I have booked that for you, reference number is ZB89D8NC. Do you need anything else? 
I also need to book a train for my trip to Cambridge.
Where will you be departing from? And what day would you like to travel? 
I will be leaving from Birmingham New Street on Sunday. 
Would you like to specify a departure or arrival time?
I'll depart anytime as long as I can get to Cambridge by 08:30. 
Okay. How about TR8730, which would depart at 05:40 and arrive by 08:23?
Sounds good. Please, may I have the price, travel time, and departure time?
TR8730 has a fare of 60.08 GBP, the trip is 163 minutes, and it departs at 05:40. Would you like to book tickets? Or can I help you with anything else?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
You have a great day as well.  If you need anything else, please do not hesitate to call back.  Goodbye!
Please provide the location of the nearest police station.
The nearest police station in Parkside Cambridge, the telephone number is 01223358966.
Thank you goodbye
You're welcome. The postcode is CB11JG in case you need it. Goodbye.
I need a 5 star hotel to stay in that should be a guesthouse.
I'm sorry, I wasn't able to find anything that matches your criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
What about a 4-star place?
I have several places that meet your criteria. Do you have an area you are interested in?
It doesn't matter as long as it is a 4 star guesthouse with free wifi. I will want to book it from monday.
I would recommend Acorn Guest House.  How many people will be in your party and for how many days?
It is just me this trip and I'll be there for 3 nights.
What day will you be arriving?
I'll be arriving on Monday.
Your room is booked under ref# 54KH70IQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
As long as I don't need anything beside the reference number.  Thanks
Alright, enjoy your stay and have a great night!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 4.
Do you have a part of town you would prefer?
No, I don't. I just need free parking and 4 stars.
Okay, how about the Allenbell?  It's got 4 stars and free parking.
That sounds good. Give me it's details regarding type of gursthouse, price range , area and address
Allenbell is a cheap guesthouse on the east side of town. Its address is 517A Coldham Lane. Do you need any additional information?
Yes, could you tell me about your museums?
We have many fine museums in town. My favorite is the Cafe Jello Gallery in the west. It's free to get in!
could you give me the postcode and phone number.
The phone number for cafe jello gallery is 01223312112, the postcode is cb30af.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need, thank you!
Thanks!  Have a great trip!
I need information on the home from home hotel.
It is a 4 star guesthouse in the north with free internet and parking. Anything else today?
Thanks so much for your help. That's all.
You are so welcome! Have a lovely day!
Can you help me find a cheap african restaurant in the centre?
We don't have any cheap African restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to search for something different?
Yes can you check for italian please?
There are 3; I'd recommend Ask. They have great food and pretty great service, too. Would you like to reserve a table?
Sorry, I'm actually looking for moroccan food.
I apologize, we don't have any Moroccan cuisine available in the city.  Is there another type of cuisine you might like to try?
How about Portuguese?
nandos city centre is a wonderful Portuguese restaurant. Would you like me to book a table for you?
Yes can you book a table for four please at 17:00?
I just did reserve for 4 at 17:00 a the nandos city centre. Would you like help with an anything else?
What is the reference number for that reservation?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WS5P73O7.
I apologize, I need an earlier reservation now for 7 people at 15:45 on Friday. Can you reschedule? 
NO worries, I have updated the reserved time, the reference number is 69XP42LR.  Any further questions?
I could use a recommendation on a nightclub in the centre of town. 
What side of town would you like to be on?
I'd like to stay around the restaurant.
What price point is good for you?
Cheap price please.
What area of town would you like your hotel?
I don't need a hotel.  I'd just like a recommendation for a nightclub near the restaurant.
The soul tree nightclub is pretty fun. They're at 1-6 corn exchange street.
Do you know what the entrance fee is?
The entrance fee is 4 pounds. 
Great that is everything, I apologize for being so high maintenance, thanks for the help.
Have a nice day.
i need a place to dine in the center thats expensive
I have several options for you; do you prefer African, Asian, or British food?
Any sort of food would be fine, as long as it is a bit expensive. Could I get the phone number for your recommendation?
There is an Afrian place named Bedouin in the centre.  How does that sound? 
Sounds good, could I get that phone number? Also, could you recommend me an expensive hotel?
Bedouin's phone is 01223367660. As far as hotels go, I recommend the University Arms Hotel in the center of town.
Yes. Can you book it for me?
Sure, when would you like that reservation?
i want to book it for 2 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is FRGZWQL2.  May I help you further?
That is all I need to know. Thanks, good bye. 
Thank you so much for Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at that has free wifi? Thanks.
I have three hotels that have those requirements.  I have 2 expensive and one cheap in pricing. Which would you be interested in?
That doesn't matter as long as I'm in the east part of town.
I'm sorry. There are no hotels matching that criteria in the area you are interested in. 
Can you please check again? Hopefully, there was just an error in inputting the information into the search system. Thanks
I am sorry there is still no match coming up for your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Can you check for a guesthouse with those requirements mentioned above?
Yes, there are 6 options. What is your price range?
I need to find a train out of King's Lynn that will arrive by 17:45.
Can you please provide me with destination of the train so I can better assist you? 
Cambridge, and it will be on sunday.
I have train TR6003 leaving cambridge at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58 on sunday. 
That sounds great. Can you book me 4 tickets on that train please? 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8K88DU7K.
Awesome! I also need help finding a place to stay in the South. Not driving so don't need parking.
I have 4 options available.  Do you have a preference of guesthouse or hotel and price range?
I would like a hotel and my only preference, besides being in the south, is I would like it to have a 3 star rating please.
The Lensfield Hotel meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes I'll need it for Sunday for 2 nights and 4 people.
You are booked for 2 night for 4 people starting Sunday at the Lensfield Hotel. Your reference # is ICM07YWC. Can I help you with anything else today?
That takes care of everything for me, thank you! Bye!
You are very welcome! Have a wonderful day, goodbye!
I was hoping for some information about places to go in the centre area.
There is plenty to do in the centre.  Do you have anything in particular you'd like to do?  Perhaps visit a museum?
Yes, a museum sounds good. Do you have any suggestions?
Sure. There's the castle galleries on Saint Andrews Street. It's free.
Awesome that sounds great.  I am also looking for a 4 star hotel with free wifi.  Can you make a recommendation?
Can we narrow it down a bit? What price range are you looking for?
Try the cheap price range. 
alexander bed and breakfast	 would be a good fit 
OK, I will need to book for 6 people starting wednesday for 2 nights.
Unfortunately, that was not available.  Would you like to try another day or go for a shorter stay?
Will you try 1 night please?
Your stay at alexander bed and breakfast is booked. Your reference number is 9NS2MB3K. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm going to need a ride to get from the hotel to the museum.
I can help you with that.  What is the timeframe you were looking for?
I need to leave the hotel at 5:30, please.
Okay.  I was able to book a red BMW for you, contact number 07401091982.  
Wonderful!  That should be all I need today.  Thank you! 
Thank you! Have a nice day!
I need a taxi to pick me up from carolina bed and breakfast and take me to ali baba.
Sure.  What time would you like to leave?
by 10:00, what is the car type and can I get a contact number?
it is a grey volvo and the contact number is 07985302391
That's all I need for today, thank you for your help. 
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. 
Yes, I am looking for a place to dine. I would prefer the city centre and am looking for halal food.
I am sorry I can find no place that serves that in the centre area. Would you like to try another area or food type?
Ok. Is there an Indian restaurant in the centre area. 
There are five Indian restaurants in that area, what is your price-range? 
I don't have a price range. Can you just recommend one of the five restaurants and tell me the postcode and the price range
I apologize. There were 9 differrent indian restaurants in the centre of town. My recommendation would be Panahar. They are expensive. Their postcode is cb12lf. Anything else I can help with?
What is the post code for the expensive restaurant Panahar?
The postcode is cb12lf.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'd like some information on theatre's in town.
There are five theatres in town, are you looking for something in the center of town as well?
Yes, and i would also need a taxi to leave by 1:00.
I would love to help! Where would you be coming from or going?
I need the taxi to pick me up at the theatre. But I suppose we should figure out exactly which theatre that is. You mentioned one in the centre?
Actually there are 4 theatres in the centre. ADC, Cambridge Arts, Mumford, and the Cambridge corn exchange. 
How about Cambridge Arts?
Ok. And what is your destination?
I would be going from Cambridge Arts to Panahar, leaving by 1:00. Can you please provide the postcode and phone number of Cambridge Arts as well?
The postcode is cb23pj and the phone is 01223503333.
Great, I just need the taxi and I will be all set.
Sure.  I have booked a red ford to pick you up. The contact number is 07021474520.
OK, thank you for your help.
Don't hesitate to contact the help desk again if you require assistance.
Thanks, that's all I need, goodbye!
It was a pleasure to serve you. Have a nice day. Goodbye. 
I need a taxi to pick me up at Regency Gallery and take me to Don Pasquale Pizzeria.
What time would you like to arrive there by?
I would like to arrive by 20:00.
Okay, you're all set. Be on the look out for a blue tesla. You can reach the taxi at 07814723348. Can I do anything more for you?
No, that's all. Thanks, good bye.
Have a great day!
I would like to find a hotel that has 4 stars and included free parking
I have 3 hotels that meet your criteria, 2 are in the west and one is in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking.
University Arms hotel has 4 starts and free parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
yes, please. 8 people for 2 nights starting on saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 1VQQLH6R
Thank you that is all I needed.
Great! Have a nice day!
i need to eat australian food in a place that is expensive
Unfortunately, I am not able to find any Australian cuisine in Cambridge? Can I look up another type of restaurant for you?
Are you sure there are no restaurants that serve Australian food in the north that has an expensive price range?
No, I apologize there are no Australian restaurants in Cambridge. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Hmm, I'll try asian oriental instead.
saigon city is one of the best places in town. Shall I book it for you ?
Yes, please book it for me.
What day and time should I make the reservation for? How many people?
Let's make it for six people at 15:00 on saturday.
Booking was successful. The reference number is 30D245LZ. Anything else I can do?
Thank you! Now I need some suggestions on places to go in that same area of town.
Would you like to go to milton country park? They are located in the north and the entrance fee is free.
Sure.  What is their postcode and phone number?
The postcode is cb46az. The phone number is 01223420060. Can I help you with anything else?
That all thank you very much for all your help.
you are very welcome. thank you for using our system.
Hello!  I need to take a train on Monday, from Kings Lynn.
There area a number of departures on Monday starting at 5:11 in the morning.  Was there a particular time of day you wanted to depart? 
Any time after 13:15 would be fine.
TR2257 leaves at 14:11.  Would you like to purchase a ticket?
I just need the arrival time and price at this moment.
Train TR2257 arrives by 14:58 and cost is 9.80 pounds.
I also need an attraction that has a boat.
I can help with that. What area would you like me to check out for you?
Any area with a boat is fine.
I have four. What would you like to know about them?
You choose. Can I get the phone number, postcode, and address?
I'd recommend Camboats, the number is 01223902112 and address is the plough, green end, fen ditton, cb58sx
Thank you, thats all I need today.
You are welcome enjoy your stay.
i need a hotel with wifi in the north part of town
I can help with that. What kind of price range do you have in mind?
I am open as far as price range, but I would love a 4 star place. 
There doesn't appear to be a 4 star hotel with wifi in the north. Can I interest you in a lower star rating? 
No, the hotel needs to have a 4 star rating. Can you please check your system again? Thanks
i am sorry. i have double checked and still do not find anything matching your criteria. would you like a different star rating?
Perhaps there is a guestroom?
No but would you like to try another location ?
No I need the north. Is there anything else available in the north?
there are a variety of good things in the north it depends on what you want i will find whatever you request
I've been robbed! I need to get in touch with the police right away!
Call 01223358966.  
What is the postcode of the police station?
The postcode is CB11JG.  Can I help with anything else?
Can you give me their address too?
The address for the Parkside Police Station is Parkside, Cambridge.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Okay, I hope your day improves. Good luck!
Hi.  I would like to book a taxi to the Chiquito Restaurant Bar.  I will need to be picked up at the Ely Train Station.
What time would you prefer?
I need to arrive by 13:15 please.
I have booked your taxi from ely train station to chiquito restaurant bar to arrive by 13:15. Booked car type red toyota, contact number 07582230600. May I help with anything else? 
No, that is it. Thanks!
Sounds good, let me know if you need anything else.
Any trains departing cambridge?
Yes, there are a lot. What day would you like to travel and where is your destination?
I'm leaving sunday on a trip to kings lynn. I need to be there by 20:45. 
I would recommend TR9582 leaving Cambridge at 19:11 and arriving in Kings Lynn at 19:58. 
Yes, that would be great. Can you book me on that train for 5 people?
Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : NNYALFST.
I'm also looking for a place to stay? 
What is your price range?
Expensive. I love luxury. But I do expect free parking.
There are a hotels in the expensive price range. Do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
No i do not do you have a reccomendation?
i will recommend university arms hotel. can i give you the contact?
Does the University Arms Hotel have 5 stars? I would prefer a place with 5 stars.
The University Arms Hotel is a 4 star establishment. I was unable to find any expensive 5 star hotels.
thanks whats the phone number and area they are located in?
they are in the centre and the # is 01223351241
Thanks so much. That is all I need today.
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
Can you help me find a restaurant in the centre of town serving Italian food?
We've got the Pizza Hut in the center of town that serves Italian food.  Would you like to try that?
Maybe... is there any other place that's cheap and serves Italian food?
There is also Pizza Express, it is an expensive restaurant, or you could try Zizzi Cambridge, which is a cheap option.
I think I will try Zizzi Cambridge.  Could I get the address and postcode?
Zizzi Cambridge is at 47-53 Regent Street and the postal code is cb21ab.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a particular hotel called the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
Carolina Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star Guesthouse located in the East. At a moderate price point it boasts both free wifi and free parking. Need more information?
I need the address for Carolina Bed and Breakfast.
The address for Carolina Bed and Breakfast is 138 Perne Road. Would you like me to book you a room?
No thank you.  I just needed the information for now.  Thanks for you help.
I'm happy we could be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant. It should be in the expensive price range, please. 
There are expensive Chinese restaurants in every part of town, do you have a preference of area? 
Yes in the south. 
Ok, there are two. I recommend the peking restaurant. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes please, could you book a table for 5 at 19:30 on Sunday. 
Booking was successful. Reference number is : WO2Z8QS7.
Thank you. I believe that's all I need for today. Thanks. Take care. Bye. 
OK, before I let you go, I just want to make sure that you do not need info on a place to stay, train or attraction?
I need a train to London Kings Cross on Wednesday.
I can help with that. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge, and need to arrive by 08:30
The TR1058 Leaves Cambridge at 7:00 and gets into London Kings Cross at 7:51. The cost is 23.60. Would you like to book it?
That won't be necessary, thanks for your help.
Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, I would like to see an attraction in the centre of town.
We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Do you have a specific type in mind?
Yes, please. Multiple sports would be great. If not, theatre is my second choice. 
There are no multiple sports places, might i recommend mumford theatre?
No thank you that will be all 
I have more theatre attractions if you're interested.
Yes please, can I have the names of some other theater attractions?
Does the Cambrdige Corn Exchange theatre in the center pique  your interest?
That sounds interesting! Can I have their address, entrance fee, and phone number?
we are unsure of their entrance fee but their address is wheeler street	and phone number is 01223357851
Great that's all I needed. Thanks for your assistance.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I need a place to stay in Cambridge. I'm looking for a hotel with 0 stars. 
Is there a certain area you would like to be in?
I don't really have an area in mind. I would just like for it to have free wifi and be a hotel instead of a guesthouse. 
Cityroomz over in Centre would work perfectly for you then!  They do have free wifi and are a moderately priced 0 star hotel.  Would you like a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 nights for two people starting on Monday.
I have booked the cityroomz for you for 5 nights starting on Monday.  The reference number is MSZ63RPW.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would also like to find a train from Cambridge.  
Okay where is the destination and what day would you like to travel?
I need a train that leaves from cambridge.
There are several, do you have a destination in mind?
Yes, kings lynn.
There are 133 trains that travel from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.  Do you have a departure day or time in mind?
Yes, I would like to leave no later than 17:00.
Is there a specific time you need to arrive by?
I want to leave on Monday after 18:45 instead and I will need the price and train ID. 
Train Id is TR9226 and leaves at 11:00
I'm looking for a place to stay in the east.
I have several available. What days would you like to stay?
I don't need to book it. I need a 3 star in the east.
I do not have any hotels in the east with a 3 star. Would you like to try something else?
Can you find something in the south? 
We have the bridge guest house which is moderately priced and the lensfield hotel which is expensive, would you like me to book you for either one?
Either one is fine. I want it for 6 people for 2 nights starting wednesday. 
Ok I was able to book your party at Bridge Guest House.  Your reference code is ZUFSD1J5.  Is there anything else I can help you with tonight?
Thank you. Yes, I think I'll be traveling by train wednesday as well. Are there any trains leaving ely on that day?
Sure, Are you traveling to cambridge? What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
Yes the  train should go to cambridge and should leave after 18:30.
I recommend train TR0328.  It departs at 19:35 and will get you there by 19:52.  Want me to book it?
Not right now, thanks. What's the total travel time for that train, though?
It's a quick, 17-minute trip. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I believe that's it. Thanks so much for your help! 
Safe travels and if you need anything else, please contact us.
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre that has free wifi.
There are five options in the centre with internet. Are you looking for a particular kind of lodging? 
Yes, I would like a place to stay that is rated with four stars and moderately priced. 
I'm afraid I don't see any. What about something else?
Can you try another area please?
no i wanted this specific one.
Is there anything in the centre with free parking and wifi, for cheap?
I have the alexander bed and breakfast it is cheap and offers free wifi and parking.
I need 3 nights for 4 people starting Sunday. Also looking for a train departing from Broxbourne and going to Cambridge. Leaving after 18:00 on the same day as hotel booking.
OK, your room is booked, ref#5WCVJFIO. I also found TR1428, leaving Broxbourne at 18:32. Will that work?
Yes.  Can I please get the arrival time.  thank you.
It arrives at 19:32. 
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you that is all the information I need today. 
You're welcome, have a nice day.
I'm planning my trip there, but need to find a train for when I depart. Could you help me with that?
Sure. From where will you be departing, and what is your destination?
I'm leaving from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street.
There appear to be hourly trains from 05:01 to 23:01. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
Wednesday and it should leave after 18:00.
The TR1766 leaves at 18:01 and arrives at Birmingham new street at 20:44.  Would that be OK?
That sounds good.  Can you book that for me for 3 people?
Ok, I have booked you 3 seats on that train.  Your reference number is MI5RMEHQ.  You'll need to pay 225.3 GBP at the station. Anything else I can do?
Can you also direct me to some attractions in town in the east?
Of course! There are several attractions in the east. I'd suggest Cambridge Artworks; it's a museum with free entrance. Would that work for you?
That would be perfect. Can you give me the address and the phone number?
The address is 5 greens road and the phone is 01223902168.  Is there anything else that i can do for you?
No, that is all. Thanks for your help.
You are welcome.  Have a great trip.  Bye.
I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital please.
It is on Hills Rd in Cambridge. The telephone number is 01223245151.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ. Can I help with anything else?
That's all I needed, thanks so much for your help!
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Where can I get some British food that isn't too cheap or expensive?
There are a total of 5 British restaurants that are moderately priced. Is there any particular location you are wanting such as the centre or west?
No, no particular location. What is the information for the first listing?
Restuarant one seven. The address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223337766.
Great. Do you know of a high-end hotel I could stay at? It has to have free wifi.
The University Arms Hotel is an expensive place with free wifi, conveniently located very close to your restaurant. Would you like to book a room there?
I might be interested. First, is that a guesthouse style? I would love to stay in a guesthouse style with free parking!
Unfortunately no, it is not a guesthouse style lodging. There are none that fall into the expensive category, would you like me to search for something cheaper that is a guesthouse?
No, that's okay. Are there any hotels available in the moderate price range?
There are 12 guest houses that have free wifi and free parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes. I would like a room for just me for 4 nights starting on Sunday.
I'm sorry, all those guesthouses are book for that time frame, could you arrive another day or for a shorter stay? 
Can we try 3 nights?
I was able to book you a room at the Acorn Guesthouse for 3 nights. Your reference number is 25Y826UQ. Is there anything else I can help with?
yes can you help me reserve a taxi?
Sure, I can help you with that. Where is your departure site or destination? Perhaps you have a certain time in mind?
I'd like to go from the restaurant at 08:45 to the hotel. Can you let me know what kind of car and how to contact them?
Ok.  A grey lexus will pick you up at restaurant one seven at 08:45. The contact number is 07669997265.  Can I help you with anything else?
That's it.. thank you.  
It is no problem. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre, we hope to see you again.
I am wanting to book a taxi.  I am going to Sitar Tandoori and want to leave after 19:30.
Ok, what is your destination?
i'm going to sitar tandoori.
I'm sorry. I meant to ask where are you departing from?
I am departing from la tasca.
I've booked a grey BMW, the contact number is 07618837066.
Thanks so much for your help
Thank you goodbye
i am looking for a place to dine. the restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should serve swedish food.
Unfortunately, I am not able to find any Swedish cuisine in the Cambridge area. Can I look up another type of restaurant for you?
Darn. How about trying a Portuguese place?
Yes!  You can try nandos city centre.  Need a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table on Friday for 1 person at 17:45 please?
Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is RYED8GWK. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I am also looking for entertainment.
what about the junction? it's a theater near the south
The junction works, could I have their phone number and address?
Of course. The junction is located on clifton way. The phone number is 01223511511.
 thank you that will be all
Have a great time and enjoy!  
Actually,  can I get a taxi to go from the junction to the restaurant?
Alright, I've booked you a taxi that will get you to Nando's by your reservation time. It will be a yellow Lexus, and your contact number is 07362117815. Anything else?
No, that's really everything this time, I promise. Thanks again!
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info Centre Services. We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for information on Magdalene College.
No problem! Magdalene College is in the west side of town and has free admission.
Could you give me the address please?
Magdalene College is located at cb30ag Magdalene Street.  There phone number is 01223332138. 
Thank you! Could you help me find information on the chiquito restaurant bar as well? 
Sure. The Chiquito restaurant bar is located in the south part of town, and serves mexican food. Phone number is 01223400170.
What is the price range and address for this restaurant?
It is in the expensive price range. The address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. 
Thank you that's all the information I needed today.
Glad to have been of service. Please enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
What entertainment attractions are there in the east side of town?
The Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds is located on Cherry Hinton Road and is always a fun place.  Does that interest you?
That sounds great.  Can you give me their phone number?
Sure. Their number is 01223446104. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you have any information on their entrance fees?
Unfortunately, they haven't listed their entrance fees.  
That's ok.  I'll call them.  Can you help me find a moderately priced place to stay?
Are you looking to stay in the east? There are three moderately priced, 4 star guesthouses there.
What about 3 star places? And i need free parking.
I'm sorry there are no matching results. 
Can you try a guesthouse withouth free parking?
I'm not finding any guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different area, price range, or stars?
So you can't find a moderately priced guesthouse with 3 stars and free parking anywhere in cambridge at all? Area doesn't matter. Please try again?
i cant find it anywhere. can we change the price range?
I know I have found places with those requirements before. I just don't remember the name. I really want to stay moderately priced with the 3 stars and parking. 
There are no hotels matching your criteria in the East, but there are 3 hotels in the south, north, and west. Would you like to try one of those?
Ok,thanks anyway for your help
Are you sure you don't want me to check another area for you to stay?
Any moderately price guesthouse will work
I have the hamilton lodge located in the north.
Does it offer free parking? If yes, please book a room for 2 for 2 nights. We'll be checking in on Wednesday
your all set confirmation is EAD5DHHC. Anything else for you today?
No thank you that will be all
thank you for using this service good bye
I am looking for a place serving Indian food in the moderate price range
I've head the Curry Prince is fantastic..  What area are you looking for?
The area does not matter. The Curry Prince sounds good. Please book a table for 7 people at 19:30 on Tuesday. 
Ok I have a table booked for 7 at 19:30 on Tuesday. Your reference number is RPWOWDOO.
Okay thank you. That will be all.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range
Is there an area of town or type of cuisine you have in mind?
Yes, I would like to find something in the south but i dont care food type.
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese food restaurant located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 354755.
Thank you!
Thank you, and have a good day.
I am looking for a place to dine in the south it needs to be cheap as well. 
I have 2 different options that are cheap and in the south. The Lucky Star has great chinese food. Or, there is Nando's that offers wonderful portuguese food. 
I'll go with Nando's. Thanks. 
What day and time would you like a reservation and for how many people?
Please book for 6 people on Sunday at 13:15.
You are all booked. Your reference number is KADPMUCR. Is there anything else i can help you with?
yes, i am also looking for a cinema near the restaurant. 
Cineworld Cinema is also in the South, close to the restaurant.
Great!  Can I get the adress?
The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I do anything else today?
Yes, could you please book a taxi from the cinema to the restaurant, arriving by my reservation time. And give me the car type and contact number please
I have that booked for you in a grey honda and the contact number is 07797257618.
Thank you. My visit is all set. Thanks for the bookings. Goodbye.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need a train that goes to Cambridge and departs from Bishops Stortford.
What day will you be departing and time?
I leave on Tuesday and need to arrive by 11:30.
Ok, the TR0635 arrives at 10:07.
What time does the train depart? What is the price and total travel time?
The TR0635 leaves at 09:29, tickets cost 10.10 pounds and the duration of the journey is just 38 minutes. Would you like me to book you a seat?
No but I also need a place to stay that should be in the expensive price range and should include free wifi.
We have 5 hotels that meet your criteria.  Is there a particular area of town you would like to stay in?
Nope, wherever you recommend will be great. THanks
I would recommend the lensfield hotel. It's a 3 star hotel in the south. Would you like more information or do you want to go ahead and book a room?
Yes can you please do that for me?
How many people should I book this for?  What day?  How many days will you be staying?
I'm looking for place to go in town in the east area.
Are searching for a restaurant or an attraction to visit?
I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the east.  
In the east area, there are two museums. The Cambridge Artworks has free admission. The Cambridge Museum of Technology offers admission for five pounds.
What's the address and postcode of the Artworks? Also, I need to book a train leaving Thursday from Peterborough.
cambridge artworks address 5 greens road postcode, cb13ef. Do you have an arrival or departure preference for the train?
I need to leave after 15:45, and I'm going to Cambridge.
Alright TR2239 leaves Peterborough for Cambridge Thursday at 15:48. It arrives at 16:38. Would you like to book a ticket?
Could you just let me know what the travel time for that is?
Total travel time is 50 minutes.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thanks. You have a great day and thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center, but on the cheaper price range, can you help me?
There are 15 restaurants in the city centre that are in the cheap price range. What type of cuisine would you prefer?
I will prefer restaurant that serve Chinese food.
I have three. Shall I try to book one?
Actually, no booking is necessary. But, can you suggest one and provide me the address. Thanks. 
I recommend the golden house. The address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre.
Great thank you, I also need a train to arrive by 20:15 and traveling on monday.
I can help you with that. Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Norwich and heading for Cambridge.
Trains leave hourly from 5:16 am till 18:16 pm.  The 18:16 pm train arrives at 19:35.  The fare is 17.60.  What time would you like to leave?
That doesn't matter. The 18:16 will do. Book it for 4.
Your ticket booking was successful and the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : 72SA1578. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much for your help, that's all I need today.
Great! Enjoy your visit and have a good one. 
I want to book a train. I would like to depart from cambridge and arrive by 16:45
What is your destination?
The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 16:45. Going to Ely
What day will you be travelling?
I would like to go on Saturday.
How about TR8860?
Sure, I would like to book that train for 4 passengers. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 14.08 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : VX48ZGH0.
That's wonderful. I am all set. Thank you. Goodbye.
You're very welcome! Goodbye.
Can you give me the address for an indian restaurant in the south part of town?
taj tandoori is the only one matching your request. you can contact them at 01223 412299. 
What is the address and price range?
The address of the venue is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton and in expensive price range.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank You and come again.
I am wanting to visit a college while I am traveling in town. Do you have any listings?
There are 18 colleges that you can visit. Is there a particular part of town that you are interested in?
I have no preference for the area, would you recommend one for me? I would also need the postcode and entrance fee please.
Christ's college is located in the centre of town at listed postcode cb23bu. The entrance fee is free. Would you like more information?
No thanks, but I do need a place to stay. Could you find me something with free parking?
There are five places with parking, is there a specific price range you would like to look for?
no nothing specific, but the cheaper the better
Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
I would prefer to stay in the West side of town.
Any other requests?
Thank you!  I would like it to have at least 4 stars.
I have two, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
Doesn't matter. Do both include wifi?
Yes both have wifi
You know what, come to think of it I think I would prefer to stay on the south side of town. Can you check for a 4-star hotel there?
There are two 4-star hotels: Aylesbray Lodge Guest House and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Could you get me the postcode for Rosa's B&B? And is that a hotel or guesthouse?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a guesthouse.  It has internet and parking, as requested, and the postcode is cb22ha. Shall I book a room for you at Rosa's?
Yes I will also need to book a taxi from Rosa's for 04:45.
Just to confirm, you want a taxi from Rosa's to Christ's College with a departure time of 04:45, correct? 
That is correct.
Okay you have a booked car, a blue tesla, contact number 07113187062.
Thank you. I think that's all I need today. Bye.
You are most welcome.  Have a good day.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel named cityroomz. Can you provide me information about it please? 
Yes. It's a 0 star hotel that's located at sleeperz hotel, station road in the centre of town. Would you like their phone number as well?
No thanks, but can you book me for 3 people and 5 nights starting on saturday?  I'll also need the reference number.
I booked it for you. The reference is L30FIVE7. Do you need anything else? 
Im looking for a place to go in the centre area with multiple sports.
I am sorry but there are no multiple sports in the centre area. Do you want me to try a different area or a different attraction?
How about let's try a nightclub? 
Yes I found 5 nightclubs.  Would like to try the Ballare located at Heidelberg Gardens, Lion yard?
I think that would work. Can you tell me their entrance fee and postcode please? 
Yeah, the entrance fee is 5 pounds, and the postcode is cb23na.
Can you book me a taxi between the two locations please?
When would you like to be picked up?
at 17:00 hours please
Okay. You'll be expecting a blue Ford. Their number is 07043795737. Anything else?
Was that taxi booking for leaving by 18:45?
It was at 17:00, quite a bit before 18:45.  Would you prefer a later booking?  
I just need to arrive at my attraction by 18:45.  Can I get the car type and contact number please?
It's a blue ford and the contact number is 07043795737.
Thanks for your help!
Thank you for using the help desk! Good bye!
What sort of entertainment is available on the east side of town?
Cherry hinton hall and grounds is available, would you like to try that?
Yes! Can you give me the postcode? 
Their postcode is cb18dw. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to eat around the same area, for a moderate price.
If you like Italian, I suggest Pizza Hut Fen Ditton.  Would you like me to book you a table?
I am actually looking for irish food. 
I don't have anything in the east side that serves Irish food. Can I try something else?
Can you try italian food?
I would recommend the PIzza Hut Fen Ditton for you. Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes. Please book for 5 people on Sunday at 19:00.
Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, 5 people Sunday at 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is:  IFRHVXZ2.
I want your most expensive restaurant in the south town.
There are five restaurants that are in the south part of town and in the expensive price range. What type of food would you like?
I don't care
Chiquito restaurant bar is a nice restaurant that serves Mexican food in the expensive price range and is in the South part of town.
Ok, can you tell me the other restaurants?
Yes, there are four other restaurants that meet your criteria. There is frankie and bennys, peking restaurant, taj tandoori, and the good luck chinese food takeaway.
Great! can you please tell me the address and the phone number of frankie and bennys? 
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and the phone number is 01223 412430.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
I will be needing a taxi from broxbourne train station
Sure thing, when would you like to arrive or leave by?
I must arrive there by 23:30
Okay, where are you headed?
I'm going to india house.
You car type is a red skoda.  The contact number is 07699858480.  Can I assist you with anything else?
Nope. That should be it. Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. It was my pleasure to help. Goodbye.
Yeah, I'm looking for a room. Do you offer anything in the southern part of town?
I have four places with rooms in the south.  1 is cheap, 2 are moderate, and 1 is expensive.  Do you have a particular price range?
I am looking for something in the moderate price range with free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.
The Aylesbray Lodge Guesthouse and The Bridge Guesthouse are in the south area with a moderate price range and both have free wifi. Can I book one of these for you?
Yes, please. Either one sounds perfect! 
Sure,  I can book the Bridge Guest House.  How many people will be staying with you and when will you be arriving and leaving?
I need to book for 6 people starting Saturday and staying 3 nights.
Booking was successful. Do you need anything else?
Yes. What is the reference number?
Reference number is DVGIBPIM.
Perfect, thank you very much for your help! Goodbye.
Have a great day!
I am looking for a danish restaurant
There are no danish restaurants listed.  May I direct you toward another restaurant? 
How about north american food?
There is one listing for North American food, Gourmet Burger Kitchen in Centre part of town.
What is their phone number and postcode?
Postcode: C.B 2, 1 A.B, phone number is 01223 312598
Is there anything else?
That is the only restaurant serving North American food.
could you give me the phone number and postcode ?
the phone number is 01223 312598 and postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.B
thank you good bye .
thank you for using our service, good bye.
I would like to find a place to eat dinner.
Great where would you like to visit?
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is moderately priced. 
I have two restaurants matching your request.  Would you like Italian or Modern European food?
I'm craving some Modern European food! 
Would you like me to make a reservation for you then?
Yes please, 1 person on sunday at 14:15.
I have booked a reservation for one person at 14:15 on Sunday at restaurant alimentum successfully. Your reference number is GNRKQ4IT. Would you like me to do anything else for you?
Could you recommend a museum?
Sure thing, I reccomend byard art it has free admission. 
Thank you. Could I get the area, post code, and address?
Sure!  It's located in the south, at 14 King's Parade CB2 1SJ.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that's everything I needed, thank you!
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
We offer lots to do in the center of town. We have everything from boats and parks to nightclubs. Are you in the mood for anything particular? 
Do you have any suggestions? I would just need the postcode and phone number and let me know what kind of attraction you suggest. Thanks!
If you are interested in architecture, there is All Saints Church. The phone number is 01223452587 and the postcode is cb58bs.
Great, thank you so much! I will check it out.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I'm looking for a train please going to cambridge.
I'd be happy to help with your request, to narrow it down where is your departure site and what time do you want to arrive?
I'm looking for a train leaving from london liverpool street after 20:00 on Friday.
How about train TR8373 that leaves at 21:39?
its ok. book for 8 people and help me get the reference number please
All right, that's done. Your reference number is 3S77WUWE. How else may I help you?
That was everything, thanks!
Have a nice trip thank you. 
I am looking for a train to London Kings Cross that departs after 08:15.
What day would you like to travel?
I'll be travelling on a Wednesday.
Are you departing from cambridge station?
Yes. What do you have available?
The TR2000 leaves cambridge going to london kings cross on friday at 09:00. It arrives in london kings cross at 09:51. How does that sound?	
That's great. Please book me two tickets.
The booking was successful and the fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is E2N0JHSY. May I assist you with anything else today.
No thank you, that is all.
Have a good day!
I'm looking for somewhere to go
There are many options for you. What type of attraction would you like to visit?
I don't really care. But it needs to be in the western part of cambridge. 
Lynne strover gallery is a museum located in the west, and the entrance is free. Would you like the address and phone for it?
Just the address in the postcode would be great
The Lynne Strover Gallery is located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton and the postcode is cb30aq. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need to book a train as well.
Okay. Where do you need to depart from and arrive to? And what time would you like to arrive?
I'd like to depart from cambridge and arrive in leicester by 16:00.
TR4792 leaves at 13:31 and arrives at 15:06.  Would you like to book it?
Yeah, that'll work, good ahead and book it for just me, thanks.
Great. I booked you for one ticket on the train. Your reference number is BURBKJXX. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that'll be all. Thanks a lot.
You're very welcome.  Have a great day.
I need to book a train leaving Cambridge that arrives by 19:45.
We have many options that meet your criteria. Is there a certain day you are traveling?
I would be traveling on Saturday going to Ely. I would need to get there by 19:45 though. 
Ok, I can book tickets on the TR9809 arriving by 14:07.  How many seats will you need?
I would need just one, please.
The train has been booked. Your reference number is : AFTHGYEI. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for places to go in the centre of town. 
How about holy trinity church, they are located on market street in the centre. Phone number is 01223355397.
whats the entrance fee? 
They have free admission. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, that's all today, thank you!
You're Welcome! Have a great time!
Please list all restaurants in Cambridge centre in the moderate price range.
There are 21 restaurants matching your criteria. Is there a type of cuisine that interests you?
Possibly Italian if that's available for 3 people on Thursday at 13:30.  
There are 2 choices, pizza express serves Italian food with a moderate price range, or pizza express Fen Ditton also in the moderate price range. Which shall I reserve?
Let's go with Pizza Express, can you book for 3 at 13:30 on thursday please.
Ok.  I was able to book the table for three.  Your reference number is 0FOAJA8A.
I need to catch a train to get to the restaurant. Can you help with that too?
You'll have to tell me where you are departing from?
I'm travelling from norwich.
Okay thank you. What time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by 8:00.
which day do you want to travel?
I want to get there thursday please.
TR4387 arrives at 07:35, would that work for you?
Yeah could I get three tickets please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 5K7P12XZ.
Thank you so much, If you can please leave a review for us. I hope your trip is amazing and very enjoyable.
ok, thank you and enjoy your stay!
i am planning a trip in cambridge
Great! Would you like to book a train to take you there?
I will bee a hotel called hobsons house.
What do you need to know about the Hobsons House guesthouse?
I would just like some general information before I book, what area is it in? 
It's located in the west. Would you like more information?
That's good.  Book me in for 3 people and 4 nights starting Tuesday.
I have you booked at the Hobsons House starting Tuesday for 4 days for three people. Your reference number is P4RWFGM2.  May I help you with anything else?
i'm also looking for a train leaving from cambridge.
Where would you like to go?
am going to stansted airport
Okay, what time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive at the airport by 14:45 on Saturday.
There are 9 results. Is there a certain time you'd like to leave by? We can narrow the results down that way.
Saturday, please. I will need the departure time, train ID, and price.
I think this train might work well for you.  TR6193 leaves at 13:40 and gets in at 14:08.  It costs 14.08 pounds.  Can I book this?
Not right now. Thanks for all your help though.
Can I be of any further assistance?
Yes, I need a taxi please.
Ok.  Where do you need the taxi to pick you up at?
Nevermind. I will not need the taxi after all. Thank you for all your help. Please book a seat on TR6193 for me.
Your train is booked for Sat your fee is 24.24 GBP and payable at station. Your ref. number is HGQGS7MX
thank you for your help today !
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you. Good-bye.
Okay. Glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I need to find a train going to London Kings Cross from Cambridge please.
What day would like to leave and what is your preferred departure and arrival time? 
I will be leaving on Saturday. 
I have 10 trains leaving on Sunday.  What is your preferred departure and arrival times? 
The train should leave after 17:45
the TR0427 leaves at 19:00. would you like a ticket?
No thank you. I would like the travel time, arrival time and ticket price.
The travel time is 51 minutes, the arrival time is 19:51, and each ticket costs 18.88GBP. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant called the hotspot.
The Hotpot is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the North. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for me.
what day would you like the reservation? also, the number of guests and time would be needed. 
We need a table for two on Saturday.
What time would you prefer?
We'd like to dine at 14:15, if possible.
I have booked you a reservation. The reference number is N19VGDFW. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. That is all I need.
Great. Please call again if we can help you with anything. Goodbye.
Hi there. I've heard great things about the Grafton Hotel Restaurant. Can you find me some details about it, please?
I can do that.  The Grafton hotel restaurant is located in the east area, it serves British and is in the expensive price range.
Can I get their phone number please? 
Of course.  The phone number is 01223241387.  Do you need anything else?
I also need information about a train leaving from Leicester.  
There are 133 trains leaving leicester. Can you be more specific? 
Yes. I need a train going to Cambridge leaving after 19:15.
There are several trains departing from Leicester heading to Cambridge after 19:15.  What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on saturday.
I have narrowed the selection down to 4 trains.  Arrival times are 21:54, 22:54, 23:54, and 24:54.  What time would you prefer? 
The 21:54 one, what's it's ID and travel time?
The Id is TR2292 and has a travel time of 105 minutes. 
What's the arrival time for that?
The TR2292 departs Leicester at 20:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 21:54, for a trip duration of 105 minutes.
Okay thank you. That will be fine. 
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your visit.
Hey there, I want to get a train to Cambridge for Thursday please
Okay, from where are you departing?
I am coming in from the Stansted Airport. 
What time will you need to be traveling?
I would like to arrive by 15:45, need the departure time and train ID.
Okay the TR2473 leaves at 14:24 and arrives by 14:52. It's 28 minutes. 
Thanks! I'm also looking for an attraction in the centre area.
what type of attractions are yopu looking for?
multiple sports please. whatever that is.
Whatever it is, there is not a spot for in the centre, shall I search for something else?
How about a college instead?
Christ's College meets your criteria. Would you like more information?
Can I get their address and phone number please? 
Yes, here you go saint andrew's street and 01223334900
Thank you. Is there an entrance fee?
Nope.  It's free!
Thank you for your help.
Welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that will be all.  Thanks so much for your time.  Bye.
You're welcome, have a good day
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the center part of town? Thanks.
What type of food do you have in mind?
I would like some sushi 
There is a Japanese restaurant called wagamama at 36 Saint Andrews Street. Is this okay?
Are there any french restaurants that are expensive in the centre area?
There is Cote at Bridge Street City Centre. The phone number is 01223311053. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. What is the postcode?
The postcode for cote is 	cb21uf.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need train tickets.
Ok, I will need a little more information from you. How many tickets, for when and where are you departing from please.
i will be departing from cambridge on wednesday and will need tickets for 4 people.
and what is your destination?
Cambridge and it will be early unless it rains
Are you departing or arriving to Cambridge?  And can you also tell me the other destination.
I'll be leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford on wednesday, I'd like to leave after 12:45.
How about TR3844? It leaves at 13:29 and arrives by 14:07.
Yes, please book me for 4 people, and dont forget the reference number.
You are all set for four on the train. Your reference number is CNKR13ES. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.
Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you have a wonderful trip!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves asian oriental food in the centre of town.
Do you have a price range preference? There are two cheap, 1 moderate, and 1 expensive.
I'm interested in a cheap place. What can you tell me about those?
We have dojo noodle bar, and j restaurant which are both cheap restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to book one of those?
Yes, get me a table for two at Dojo noodle bar on Wednesday at 16:00
There are no tables available at the time requested.  Would you like to try another time or day?
Hmm.. can you try at 15:00 instead? 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : H6OB1O8J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all.  Thanks!
Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for a place to go in town.  I would like to find a museum.
Do you have a preference for the area of town you wish to visit?
The centre would be great
The centre is abounding in museums. There are 11 options all with no entrance fee. Do you have a particular interest?
Could you recommend one to me and provide their phone number and entrance fee?
Primavera's phone number is 01223357708. The entrance is free.
Can you give me the address to museum and the schedule a taxi to take me there.
The address is 10 king s parade. At what time would you like the taxi?
I apologize. I do not need a taxi. What I do need is a restaurant in the same area as the museum, please.
Sure, I can help you with that.  What kind of food were you looking for?  
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves world food.  Do you see anything for that?
I have nothing with world food. Do you have another preference ?
Well, how about a restaurant that serves gastropub food?
There are 3 places available. Do you have a preference on price range?
Yes, an expensive place would be fine. Thank you
The Backstreet Bistro is a nice place,do you want their number ?
I'm looking for a hotel in the north to stay in. Can you help me?
We have 2 hotels in the north.  Both are in the moderate price range.
Great! Do either one have a 2 star rating?
Yes, they both do. Do you want to book one?
Yes please book one for 6 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.  Can I please have the reference number?  Thank you for your help.
I will book that for you now.
Your booking was successful. Can I help you with anything else like restaurants or attractions in the area?
The booking was successful. Reference number is MO0RU0NN. What else can I help you with?
I need a train to Cambridge.
What day will you be traveling on and what is your departure city? 
I need to depart from london liverpool street, after 15:15. Can you tell me how long the travel time is too?
on which day do you want to travel?
It needs to be on Tuesday. 
The train ride time is 88 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thanks, group is still deciding on a carpool or a train, but thank you for all of the help.
Can I look up anything else for you?
I do need a train from london liverpool street on tuesday please. 
There are 5 leaving after 15:15. The first one is leaving at 15:39 and takes 88 minutes. You'd arrive by 17:07 and the cost is 16.60 pounds. 
I'd like to book the previously mentioned train that leaves 15:39.
Are you sure you want to book now, if so, how many people?
Please book for 6 people.
All booked. Your reference number is TPJE3LTQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay. Thank you for all your help.
Your welcome, have a good day.
I am looking for a museum to visit?  I'm pretty excited to be coming in a few weeks.
we have several including the museum of technology. would you like to purchase tickets?
What area of town is that in?
cambridge museum of technology is in the east side of town.
Great! Can I get the address and phone number?
Their address is the old pumping station, cheddars lane, cb58ld. Their phone number is 01223368650. Will that be all for today?
I'm also looking for a cheap guesthouse with free parking and free wifi.
Is there a certain area you prefer?
Let's stick with the east
Allenbell is cheap and 4 stars with internet and parking located at 517a coldham lane, cb13js. Phone number is 01223210353. Can I book a room for you?
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from Saturday.
You are booked, the reference number is X3YRQRDQ, can I assist with anything else?
Thank you, that is all. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the service today. 
Hi, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday
May I ask where you are leaving from?
Sure.  I'm leaving from Kings Lynn sometime after 12:45 on Monday.  Do you have anything?
The earliest train after that time is TR4329. It leaves at 13:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:58. Would that work for you or would you like a later train?
That will work. Can you book 7 tickets for that one please?
Okay, you are booked for 7 people on TR4329, your reference number is S9WXSL0O.
Great I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the west part of town
I have several. What type of food are you looking for? I have British, Chinese, Indian and Gastropub food to choose from in this price range.
It should serve Italian food.
I have no Italian food available.
Ok no problem. Is there a place that serves Indian food instead?
Yes, there are 5 Indian restaurants in the west. May I recommend Tandoori Palace on Histon Road, Chesterton.
That sounds great. May I have the address and phone number for the Tandoori Palace, please?
Their address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223506055. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
OK, thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
i am visiting cambridge and want to go to a theater in the east side. 
I'm sorry, there aren't any theatres on the east side, but there are several in the centre and one on the south side.
Maybe a museum then?
We have four options, but i recommend the gallery at twelve a high street, would you like more information?
Yes, can I get the postcode?
Certainly. They are in postcode cb15dh. Can I assist you with something else?
Thanks. Can you help me find a restaurant called pizza hut city centre? I want to book it for 2 people this wednesday at 18:00. And I'll need a reference number
Booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: 3BOBENIO.
Great, thank you that was all I needed today!
Thanks for letting Cambridge TownInfo centre assist with your trip! Have a great one.
I'm looking for someplace to stay. I'd like something expensive, and I don't need parking.
I'm not showing anything in the expensive range without parking. There are five expensive hotels with parking. What area would you like to stay in?
The area doesn't really matter. But I would want a hotel that includes wifi for free. 
How about the huntingdon marriott hotel, it is in the west in the expensive price range. It also has internet. Would you like to book?
Yes please I would like for you to book me a room at the huntingdon marriott hotel.
Which dates will you need the room?
I will need it for four nights for 5 people starting Wednesday. 
Booking was successful at huntingdon marriott hotel starting Wednesday. Your feference number is : 5NVYGFM1.  Is there any further assistance needed?
Yes. I am also looking for a train departing cambridge and arrives by 10:45.
Where are you traveling to?
No where in particular
Ok, and what day would you want to leave?
Actually, I want to go to Birmingham New Street on Sunday, please.
I have two trains to birmingham new street.  Would you like to arrive at 9:44 or 10:44?  
I would like the one that arrives at 10:44 please. I will need 5 tickets.
I have successfully created a booking for 5 tickets! Your reference number is 080D4W62. The fee is 300.39 GBP. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That's it! Thank you so much for your help!
You are all set. Thank you! 
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves australasian food
There are no restaurants matching your criteria. Would you like to search for something else?
How about asian oriental food?
Saigon City serves asian oriental and they are located in the north, although they are quite expensive. Would you like the address?
Yes, I would like their address and phone number. 
Saigon City's address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton  and its phone number is 01223 356555
Thank you goodbye.
thank you and good bye
I'm trying to plan a trip there. Can you find me a nice place to dine in the west area of town?
Found several restaurant in the west,is there a specific cuisine you will like?   
I'd like an expensive place. Is there anything like that?
We have 9 places that fit that criteria.  Do you have a food type you are looking for?
Any will work, please book me for what is available.
How many people will you be dining with?
I'll have to get back to you about that. I also need to take a train from norwich to cambrige on friday, arriving by 21:30.
The TR2365 arrives in Cambridge by 10:35.  Would you like me to book a seat for you?
Before you do, what is the price and departure time?
It departs at 09:16 and costs 17.60 pounds.  Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Sure, that sounds great! What is the post code and the phone number?
I am sorry but that information is not available.
Any restaurant in the west that is expensive is fine with me. Can you please pick one and give me the post code and phone number?
I recommend Graffiti, they serve british food.  Their post code is cb30lx and phone number is 01223277977.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I also need a train.
Please review the conversation history and see if the TR2365 with its departure time of 09:16 and cost of 17.60 pounds meets your needs before we proceed.
That was all the information I needed, thank you.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Cenre.  Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to eat in the east side of the city.
The Curry Prince is on the east side of town.
Do they serve chinese food?
No they do not serve Chinese food, however the Yu Garden does and is in the east side.
What is the address?
Yu Garden's address is 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, what is the price range?
Yu Garden is in the expensive price range. Do you want the address and phone number? 
I already got the address, thank you.  That is all I needed.  Good bye.
thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for a specific restaurant. I'll give you the name when you're ready.
Provide the name please. 
I'd like to book a table at the Cambridge Chop House. 5 people at 16:15 on Wednesday, please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : SMCI33OO.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a train that is going to Cambridge that will arrive by 10:00.
You'll have to provide me your departure site and the day you will be traveling. 
I will be leaving from Bishops Stortford on Wednesday and would like to arrive by 10:00.
There are two trains departing bishops stortford that arrive before 10:00.  They arrive at 6:07 and 8:07, which would you prefer?
I'll go with the one that arrives by 8:07. I'll need 5 tickets.
You're all booked. Reference number GAROAKSU.
Thanks for the help.
Thank you for calling in.  Have a nice day!
I am looking for a hotel ti stay in the expensive range. It does not have to be free parking.
I have about 5 different expensive hotels. Do you prefer a certain area of town?
No. But it should have free wifi.
All 5 of the expensive hotels in have free wifi. Are you looking for any star rating, to help narrow the search?
I don't care about the number of stars. If you don't have one without parking, I'll take one with parking. Choose the best one, please.
I hear the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is nice.  Would you like to try booking there?
Yes. There will be 5 of us staying for 3 nights, arriving on Sunday. I sure hope Cambridge is nice this time of year.
Sorry, that's not available. Could you pick another day, time, or stay length?
Is there another hotel available that will accommodate my stay? 
There is gonville hotel. Would you like to try that one? 
Sure. Same parameters, please.
Nope, sorry, unsuccessful. Would you like to try the lensfield hotel?
Sure, see if that works
Sorry, the Lensfield booking was unavailable, as well. May I help find something else?
Are you sure there is nothing available? Will you double check? 
Good news. I checked again at the Huntingdon Marriott, and they were able to accommodate your party. Your reference number is 1H7F4GBJ.
Okay, thank you, that is all I need today.
Glad to help.  Bye.
Hi, yes, I am looking for a train leaving on Tuesday that will arrive by 12:30.  
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Cambridge.
Where will you be headed on Tuesday?
I need to head to norwich 
I would recommend train ID TR8542 which departs Cambridge at 10:36 and arrives in Norwich at 11:55. There are a few earlier options as well.
Thank you, that sounds good! Could you let me know how much it costs? 
Sure! The cost is 17.60
Excellent. I also need a place to go in town.
There are lots of attractions in Cambridge, do you have any specific activities in mind?
I would like something in the Centre if possible. Perhaps a gallery?
How about broughton house gallery?
Could you let me know the address and how much it costs?
Their address is 98 king street and they have free admission. Can I help you with anything else? 
No, you have been extremely helpful already.  I am all set.  Thanks.  Bye.
Thanks for using our service have a good day. Bye. 
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant
What type of food are you interested in?
I am not looking for a specific food type but I would like it to be in Centre please.
dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.  Would you like to make a reservation?
What type of food is that?
That is asian oriental. Is that okay?
Sounds good.  I am also looking for a place to stay in the East.  Can you help me find something?
Sure thing, what price range are you looking for?
im looking for the expensive price range
We have one expensive hotel in the east. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No, I'm sorry can you lookup a hotel in the east that's priced cheap and has free wifi? 
How about autumn house?
Actually, can you find me a cheap place instead?
Autumn house is cheap but it is a guesthouse. Is that okay?
No, I need a hotel please. 
I'm sorry, there doesn't appear to be any cheap hotels located in the east.
how about one that has free parking?
no I am sorry something else perhaps?
You mentioned earlier about the Autumn House being a guesthouse that is cheap in the east. I guess I can do a guesthouse. Let's book there please for Friday.
Of course! How many rooms will you require and for how many days?
There will be 4 of us and we will need 3 nights starting Friday please.
Booking was successful. The reference number is : RHFZM04W.
I will also need a taxi leaving the hotel by 23:00. I will need the car type and contact number.
Where are you going?
I am going to the restaurant
Alright, I have you in a yellow volvo and their contact number is 07925575178. How else can I help? 
Thank you for the booking of my taxi.  That is all for now.
Enjoy your visit to the restaurant.
Hi, I'm looking for an indian restaurant.
Great!  There are many outstanding Indian restaurants in Cambridge.  What area of town do you prefer to visit?
I'm looking for something in the west, and it should be expensive.
THere are 5 in the west, tandoori palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoori restaurant	and india house. Would you like to make a reservation at any of these choices?
cocum sounds interesting.  can you give me the phone number, address and postcode please?
The phone number for Cocum is 01223366668. You can find it at 71 Castle Street City Centre, post code cb30ah.
Do you have any recommendations for places to go in town maybe some architecture? That are in the same area as the restaurant?
I don't see any in the west. Perhaps you'd like to try another area?
I'd like to stay in one area.  Are there any museums near the restaurant that would be open?
Yes, there are 7 museums in the west part of town. May I recommend the Museum of Classical Archaeology, located on Sidgwick Avenue? Entrance is free. Would you like more information?
Yes, could I get the postcode and address please?
Of course, it is on sidgwick avenue, and the postal code is cb39da. Anything else? 
Yes, I need a Taxi from the Museum by 11:30 to the restaurant.
Of course, I have booked a yellow ford for you at that time, and the contact number is 07870520690. Anything else today?  
No thanks. That will be it for today. Have a great night. Goodbye. 
It was a pleasure to help. Thanks for contacting us. Goodbye. 
I'm looking for museums that I can go in town.
There are 23 different museums in town, did you have a particular area you were looking at? 
I don't have one specifically in mind but could you tell me your opinion on what would be a good area?
How about the Cafe Jello Gallery and it's free admission!
Which area of town is that in?
The Cafe Jello Gallery is on the west side of town. Would you like their address?
Sure, please give me the address.  Could you also help me find a train leaving Saturday?
Cafe Jello Gallery is located at 13 Magdalene Street. Yes, what time are you leaving? Also what destination, and departure point? 
I am departing from birmingham new street and arriving at cambridge. May I have the travel time and train ID?
There are 19 trains that meet your criteria. Do you prefer a certain departure time?
Yes. I would like to leave after 14:15.
Ok, there are 10 different trains that fit that criteria, what time would you like to arrive by?
As long as it leaves on Saturday after 14:15, that's all that matters. Please give me travel time and train id.
TR1843 leaves at 14:40 and the travel time is 163 minutes. Would you like to book? 
I need to think about it for a bit. Thank you for your help though. I think I'm all set.
Awesome. Come back if you have any questions!
Hello, I am looking for info on a restaurant in the west that serves french food.
There are no French restaurants in the west. Would you like to try a different part of town or a different type of food?
There are no expensive french restaurants in the west? 
Yes, that's right. 
What about an expensive place that serves British food?
I have two that meets that criteria. I would like to recommend the graffiti it is in the west side and serves british food. 
Let's try the graffiti. I need their phone number, address, and the post code please. 
The phone number is 01223277977.  The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon road postcode cb30lx.
Thanks. I also need a train ticket. The train needs to arrive by 13:15 and go to cambridge please.
Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Ely.
What day would you like to travel and do you have a specific departure time in mind?
The train should leave on friday and departure time doesn't matter as long as it arrives by 13:15.
consider it done,
Di you find me a train?
I TR0212 the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : RWIT4QLJ.
Yes, can you tell me information on Cambridge lodgings?  We are looking for free wifi and a nice guesthouse.
Sure. What area and price range are you looking for?
I don't really care about area or price range, the most important thing for me is free wifi in a guesthouse that has free parking.
I've got over 20 guesthouses that will work with those requirements.  Would you like me to book a moderately priced 4 star? 
As long as it has free wifi and parking then yes.
I would recommend the Acorn Guest House on the north side of town.  It has 4-stars.  Should I book this?
Yes. Please book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting from sunday.
Ok. You're all set for the Acorn Guest House on Sunday. The reference number is RLSL7BTI. Can I help you with anything else? 
Can I get a train from Leicester to Cambridge? Should be on that same Sunday and I'd need it to arrive by 20:30.
There are several trains you can choose from. Train TR1079 leaves at 09:09 and arrives at 10:54. Would you like to book it or try another?
You can book that one. I need the booking for 8 people. Could I get a reference number? 
I've booked your tickets.  The reference number is 3ENDA3IC.
Great!  Thanks for your help today.  I'm all set.  Goodbye.
Thanks for using our service. Take care. Bye Bye. 
Hey, I'll be in Cambridge and I'm curious about the local restaurants. Can you find me a moderately priced one that serves European food?
Sure, how about the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?
Is that found in the center?
Yes, this restaurant is found on Trumpington Street in the centre. 
Can you please give me the address and postcode and phone number? I want to jot this down in case I get lost.
The phone number is 01223227330, the postcode is cb21qa and the address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Would you like me to reserve a table?
No thanks. I also need an expensive place to stay that has free parking. 
Sure, do you have a part of town you prefer for this?
I don't have a preference. As long as it has free wifi and is a guesthouse.
I'm afraid there isn't a guesthouse that meets all of those requirements.  Are they all important to you?
Can you find me a moderately priced one?
There are actualy 12, but I recommend bridge guest house, would you like more info or a booking?
The Bridge Guest House sounds fine. I'll need it booked for Wednesday, 4 nights, and 8 people. 
Your room has been booked. The reference number is 6N17JECV.
That is all I need. Thank you. 
Thank you so much for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! We hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge! 
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food
I'm sorry, there are no expensive vegetarian restaurants in town. Can I help you find anything else?
Could you find me an Asian Oriental restaurant instead?
Saigon City is an expinsive asian oriental restraunt in the north area of town.
What is the phone number and area?
The phone number for saigon city is 01223 356555 and is located in the north part of the town. 
Thank you. Goodbye!
Goodbye
Hello, I am looking for information on kambar. What do you know about that attraction?
Kambar is a nightclub located in the centre of town. Its address is 1 wheeler street and postcode is cb23qb with an entrance fee of 5 pounds.
Alright, that's all I really needed to know. Thanks again!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Thanks, you too!
Have a great time, and thanks for letting us help!
Hi, I need a place to stay in the north please.
Absolutely. There are two hotels and a number of guesthouses in that area. Do you have a preference? 
I'd like a moderately priced place that offers free parking and WiFi.
I have many to choose from do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel with these amenities?
I'd prefer a hotel.
We have two places, ashley hotel and lovell lodge, would you like more info on either of those?
I'd be interested in the Ashley Hotel. I would like places to go around the area that are multiple sports attractions.
There are no matches for multiple sports in the north, I can look up something else.  Also wanted to double check, do you still want info on ashley hotel?
How about you look for a type of boat. 
There is the riverboat georgiana in that area. There is no entrance fee listed, but would you like the phone number?
Yes, please give me the phone number. That sounds great!
Their phone number is 01223902091. 
Thank you. That's all.
Thanks for using our service today. Have a good day. 
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant on the south side of town that serves christmas food. 
I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants serving Christmas food. Would you like something else instead?
how about chinese?
There are three results that serve chinese on the south area of town. do you have a price range preference?
I don't care about price.
Peking Restaurant is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the south part of town. Would you like their information?
Yes, I would like their address. 
The address for Peking Restaurant is 10 Homerton street city centre. Is there any other information you require?
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve chinese food. 
Thank you goodbye. 
You're welcome.  Good bye.
I want to find a hospital in town
The nearest hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital. It is located in Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ. Their number is 01223245151. Are you looking for a specific department?
No thank you that is all I needed. 
You are more than welcome! 
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves chinese food.
There are 4 chinese restaurants in your price range. Are you interested in a particular location to narrow down the choices?
I need a restaurant located in the centre please.
There are three options which are centrally located, would you like to try the Lan Hong House?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 7 people at 14:00 on Monday.
I have you booked at Lan Hong House on Monday at 14:00. Reference number is : ONOCCL26. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'm looking for somewhere to play soccer near the restaurant.
If you are looking to play soccer, would I be correct in that you are interested in a park in the centre of town?
I'm sorry, no, I'm interested in a multiple sports attraction.
I'm sorry, there are no multiple sports attractions in the centre area. Would you like to look in another area?
Okay, what about a college?
There are 13 colleges near the restaurant. Do you have a specific one you'd like to visit?
No, it doesn't matter.
There are 13 colleges nearby, would you like to try trinity street college?
Sure, can I have their phone number please?
Of course! Their phone number is 01223338400. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to book a taxi for the commute between the two places.  can you book one for me so I arrive on time?
OK, a white Skoda will pick you up at Trinity College and get you to the Lan Hong House by 14:00. The contact number is 07340629776. Can I help further?
No, that's all the information I need. Thank you.
Thank you for allowing me to assist you today.  If there's anything else you might need don't hesitate in the future to contact us, we look forward to helping you!
I am good to go.  Thanks!
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I need help finding places to go in town. I want to go to nightclub type attractions in the centre of Cambridge.
Okay, how about Club Salsa? Or the Soul Tree Nightclub? There are 3 more options if you'd like me to list them.
Do any of them have an entrance fee?
Soul tree nightclub has an entrance fee of 4 pounds. The other 4 have a fee of 5 pounds.
Okay, thank you. I'm also looking for a train that arrives in Kings Lynn by 20:00. 
I also need to know you departure location please.
The departure location is Cambridge and the day is Thursday. Thanks!
Would you like me to book the TR0481. It arrives at 19:58. 
Can I book that for 4 people please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : YY5OJFYH.
Thank you.  That is all I need today.
Okay, great. I hope you have a wonderful time! Please call back if you need anything else. 
Thanks for all your help
You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi, I'm heading to birmingham new street so please find me a train that leaves on Friday
Are you leaving from cambridge? Is there a time you'd like to leave?
Yes, I'm leaving from Cambridge. Departure time doesn't matter, but I need to arrive by 18:15.
There are 12 trains available for you and the first one leaves at 05:01. Can I book a seat for you or do you prefer a later departure time?
No, I said arrive by 18:15. Try again. 
The closest arrival to 18:15 is 17:44. Would that work for you?
What is the price for a ticket?
The cost per ticket for that train is 75.10 pounds did you still want me to book it for you? 
No, thats ok. I also need to find a cheap Italian restaurant. 
There are 15 Italian restaurants to choose from. Would you like one in a particular part of town?
Any that you choose will be fine. I'll need to book a table for Friday at 10:00. There will be 3 people dining. 
I have you booked at Ask, for Friday at 10:00 for 3 people.  It's at 12 Bridge Street City Centre.  Your reference number is:  IL7HZYW5.
Wonderful! I think that's it, thank you. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Have a great night!
Hello, I am looking for a hotel called the worth house. Can you help me find it?
Absolutely. The Worth House is located in the north. It offers free wifi and parking. They are located at 152 Chesterton Road. Can I assist you in booking a room?
Is this a hotel or a guesthouse?
The Worth House is a guesthouse.
Ok, that will be perfect. I think thats all I need. Bye!
Okay, have a great day!
What museums are in Cambridge?  I am asking "for a friend".
There are 23 museums in Cambridge, so it would be a bit much to list them all. Can you give me a specific area to look in?
I'm not too particular on the location. Do you have any that you recommend?
Sure. I suggest the Cambridge Artworks. It's in the east section of the city, and is free. Would you like any more information?
That sounds good. Can you give me the postcode for the Cambridge Artworks?
The postcode for the cambridge artworks is cb13ef
Thank you. I also need info on a train. It should go to Birmingham new street and leave on Monday.
how about TR9195? it leaves at 0501
That sounds great, can you get me 6 tickets?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PEY94A3O. Can I help you with anything else?
No that will be all thank you so much.
Ok. Thank you and good bye.
Can you find me a Greek restaurant in the centre of Cambridge?
There are no greek restaurants in the centre, would you like me to look for greek restaurants elsewhere in the city?
Ok my second choice was british food can you find a british restaurant? 
Of course, one of my favorites is Fitzbillies Restaurant at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. May I book you a table?
Yes, please. It'll be for 2 people on Saturday at 12:00.
Okay you're all set. Your reference number is 3Y6H383S and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to find a museum to visit.
There are 5 museums in the centre of town. They are all free to visit. How about Broughton House Gallery?
That sounds nice. Can you give me the phone number and address?
The phone number to the museum is 01223314960.
Do you have their address also?
The address is 98 king street, centre, cb11ln.
Thank you, I have all the information I need, goodbye.
Thank you and enjoy your stay with us in Cambridge!
I need  a train on Friday.
Okay. What day would you like to travel? What time would you like to leave? Where are you departing from and what is the destination please?
I am going to cambridge coming from london kings cross.  I will be leaving on friday after 16:30.
OK, the earliest departure I have is 17:17. Would you like to book it?
How much is a ticket?
I do not have that information available.
Can I at least get the train ID?
They system is down please try again later.
Please inform me of the train ID and price when the system is available. I am also looking for entertainment in the centre.
I have TR0835 leaving at 17:17 and arriving at 18:08. That has a travel time of 51 minutes and a price of 23.60 pounds. 
I want an entertainment attraction in the center part of town also thanks. 
little saint mary's church offers architecture and is located at little saint mary's lane. Entrance fee is free
Hello, I need a hospital please and make sure it has a medical decisions unit, if you will.
Addenbrookes Hospital has a medical decisions unit. It is at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Thank you. Can you please let me know their phone number?
The medical decisions department can be reached at 01223596066.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you for your help
You're very welcome. Will there be anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks.
You are welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
We have over 100 restaurants to choose from. Do you have a food preference? 
No, not really, but it's nice to know I have a lot of choices. I'm also looking into booking a train to Cambridge.
I can help you with train information into Cambridge. Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Stansted airport. I need to leave after 10:15 on Wednesday.
We have a train leaving at 10:24. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, please, I need 7 tickets.
Your reservation for 7 tickets on the TR0467 train was successful. Your Reference number is : HDT6N9D9. 
Thank you for your help.
Your reservation for 7 tickets on the TR0467 train was successful. Your Reference number is HDT6N9D9  Anything else I can help you with ?
Thanks! I am looking for a restaurant called travellers rest. I want to make a reservation there
I can help you with that, however I need to know what day and time, as well as how many people will be in your party.
It should be for wednesday at 17:45 and 7 people please
Your booking was successful and your reference number is 79UL6EX4.
Thank you so very much.
No problem, may I assist with anything else? 
That is all for now. Thanks!
You're very welcome and we hope you enjoy your stay.
I need a restaurant. The restaurant should serve indian food and should be in the expensive price range.
There are 14 expensive indian restaurants in the city. Do you have a preference of location?
Yes.East-Side London. 
Pipasha Restaurant fits all of your criteria. Would you like to book a stay?
Please book for 4 people at 17:00 on Sunday
Your table for 4 has been booked.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is 8OZ8ZF5G. Do you need anything else?
I am also interested in attractions in the centre.  Specifically, I am interested in multiple sports facilities
I have none available in the centre. Would you like a different area or attraction?
How about an attraction that has to do with boats?
The Cambridge Punter looks like a good choice. Want more information?
Yes, can I get the phone number?
The phone number to the cambridge punter is 07807718591. Do you require assistance with anything else.
Yes, I'd like a taxi to take me to Pipasha Restaurant and then to Cambridge Punter.  I'd like to arrive at Pipasha Restaurant by 17:00.
I just need to know where you will be departing from at first to the restaurant.
I will be departing from my house.
What is the address of your house so I can book the taxi?
Actually I'll be at the Cambridge Punter, pick me up there.
No problem. Your taxi is booked. The car is a red tesla and the contact number is 07610839736. Anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for all your help. 
You're very welcome!  Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That is all I will need.  Thank you for your help!
You are welcome. Please call us back if we can help you any further.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should leave after 02:30 and should go to Norwich train station.
I can definitely help you with that.  Where will you be departing from? 
I will be departing from jesus college.
I have booked you a grey Audi. The contact number is 07597249308. What else may I help you with?
that's is all i wanted for today, thanks
Thanks and have a nice day.
What can you tell me about the Riverside Brasserie?
It is a restaurant that serves modern european food near the centre of town. It is moderately priced. The phone number is 01223259988.
Perfect. Can you help me with a reservation for 6 people at 14:30 this coming sunday? And please make sure I have a confirmation number to use.
Your reservation is set! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is LZLUDTVI. Is there anything else you need?
I'm also looking for a place to stay.  In the south preferably.
What price range were you thinking?
No particular price range, but I would like it to be a 4 star hotel. 
There are no hotels that fit your criteria in the South, but there are two Guesthouses. Would you like to book one of those?
Sure, that will work. Can you tell me more about them?
Aylesbray Lodge Guesthouse and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, both are rated at 4 stars and both include free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation for one of them?
Can I get the postcode for both of them?
Aylesbray postcode is cd17sr and Rosa's postcode is cb22ha. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That's all the help I need. Take care. Bye. 
thank you! Enjoy your stay!
Can you help me find a place to go in the west section of town? I would like to go to an architecture attraction.
There are no matches for an architecture attraction in the west part of town. Would you like me to search another area?
What about a type of college?
magdalene college, clare hall, and churchill college are all colleges in the west with free entrance fees.
The churchill college is fine. Can I have the phone number please?
The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. What is the postcode for Churchill College?
The postcode is cb30ds. Anything else I can assist you with?
No, that is all I needed. Thanks.
You're very welcome. Thank you and goodbye! 
Can you help me find an expensive asian oriental restaurant to dine at?
The are two expensive asian oriental restaurants available.  Saigon city in the north area, and kymmoy in the centre area.
Kymmoy in the centre area is great. Would you book a table of 8 people at 11:15 on Thursday for me? 
It is not open then, shall I try another time or another place to eat?
Let's try another restaurant.
I have booked you at Saigon City in the North area, 52 Mill Road City Centre. Your reference number is 2OBVXF1O.
Okay great that is all I need at the moment.
It was my pleasure. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  You have a great day!
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves malaysian food
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants in the city that serve Malaysian food.  Can I help you find another restaurant?
Is there a cheap european restraunt?
Yes. I found the river bar steakhouse and grill. It is a cheap restaurant serving modern european food and in the centre of town. Would you like the address and phone number? 
Of course
the river bar steakhouse and grill is located at quayside off bridge street and its phone number is 01223307030. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, and thank you for your help.  Goodbye.
Our pleasure. Please call again. Goodbye.
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the moderate price range and should include free wifi.
I've found three to choose from.  What area would you like?  I have 2 in the north and 1 in the centre.  Do you know?
I would like a 3-star place, please.
Sorry, None of these places are 3 stars. Would you like to try something different?
What types of hotels are available in Cambridge that have a 3 star rating and are moderately priced?
Unfortunately, there are no hotels that fit that criteria, but there are 3 guesthouses with all the other specifications. Are you interested in those?
yes lets book one of those for 6 people and 4 nights starting from sunday
Okay. We have you booked at the Bridge Guest House. Your reference number is 2V8LWI7J. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I'm also looking to sight-see in town. Can you recommend a museum? 
What area of town would you like to attend a museum at?
Anywhere will be fine, as long as I have the address so I know how to get there.
How about the cafe jello gallery? The address is 13 magdalene street and free admission. 
No thank you that will be all
Are you sure? We also have the Cambridge and County folk museum. Would you like some information about it?
No.  The Cafe Jello Gallery sounds interesting.  I think we'll go there.  Thank you.  
Is there anything else you need today?
That's all I need, thanks!
Your welcome.  Have a nice day.
I'm looking for an expensive hotel to stay in. 
I found 5 places, university arms hotel has good ratings
Is that a hotel or guesthouse? I prefer an expensive guesthouse if possible. 
I couldn't find any expensive guest houses. Perhaps a different price range or another style of hotel? 
Can you try searching for moderate priced hotels?
I have both moderate guesthouses and hotels across the city. Do you have an area preference?
I prefer the east and would like free wifi
I have 3 guesthouse matching your description. One has no parking. I can book you at the carolina bed and breakfast if you would like.
That could be really nice, thank you.
OK, to book a room I need to know your arrival day, the number of nights you're staying, and how many people are in your party.
Please, book the hotel for 5 days for 4 people starting on Friday.
Sure, can I just make sure you want a moderate guesthouse, East part of town, free internet, for 5 days starting on Friday?
On second thought, I don't want to book it today.  Can you just confirm that it is in the East part of town?  That is all I will need.
Yes. I have 3 guesthouses on the east part of town. A&B has no parking. Carolina B&B and Warkworth do provide free parking. 
That is all the information I need.  Thanks so much.  I'll book it myself later.  Bye.
Sounds good. Please let me know if you need anything else. Goodbye.
Are there any museums in the centre?
We have 11 museums of various types, did you want more information on any of them?
Yes, I want to know about ones close to the center of town.
There are 11 museums close to the center of town. Are you looking for an art museum, a gallery, or another type of museum?
Can you give me the address to one of the art museums, please?
Sure. The cambridge contemporary art museum is at 6 trinity street.
Thanks. Are there any cheap Indian restaurants near there?
There are three cheap Indian restaurants in the Centre, Kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge. Would you like more information one of them?
I would like more information on the gandhi. Thank you.
The Gandhi is a cheap indian restaurant in the centre. It is located at 72 Regent Street City Street. Their postcode is cb21dp. Their phone number is 0122335942. 
Okay. Can we book a table there on Thursday at 18:00. It will be 5 people. 
I will book that table for you now.
Thanks.  Can I get a reference number? 
Table for 5 on Thursday at 18:00. They will only hold your table for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : C5FO3HZF.
I also need to book a taxi to get me there by 18:00 from the hotel.
What hotel are you staying at? Or do you need help booking a hotel as well?
I'm sorry. I meant I will need a taxi from the cambridge contemporary art museum to the Gandhi in time for the reservation.
A red Skoda will get you there in time. Contact # 07625450117.
Great, that is all I need today. Thank you.
Thank you! Have a nice day!
Hello, can you give me information on williams art and antiques? I need their address, phone, and postcode please. Is there an admission fee? Will I need taxi from Cambridge?
That museum is located in the centre and is free admission.
what is their postcode?
The address for Williams art is gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery with postcode cb12lj
Thank you, I need to find an Indian restaurant in the south that is expensive.
The Taj Tandoori meets all your requirements, should I go ahead and book it for you?
Yes, book it please and can I have the address. Thank you
The address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. 
Thanks, I'm all set now. Take care!
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful trip!
i am looking for a train. The train should go to broxbourne and should leave on sunday
Yes there are several trains available.  What is your departure site and arrival and departure times.
I'd like to leave from Cambridge to arrive at Broxbourne by 10:45.
TR2941 arrives at 10:01.
Could I get the price, departure time and train ID?
Yes, train TR2941, departing Cambridge at 9:01 will cost 14.32 pounds per ticket.
Great. I also need a moderate hotel in the south.
There are no results matching your request. Would another location be okay, or perhaps a different price range?
Can you suggest something with free wifi and a 3 star rating? I'm open to less expensive price ranges.
There is the lensfield hotel but it is in the expensive price range, would you like me to try another area? 
I would like something in the moderate price range. 
Would a guesthouse be ok? I have a 3 star, moderately priced guesthouse in the south with wifi.
I think I'd prefer a hotel.  I need it for 3 people, 2 nights starting Friday.  I need a reference number please.
I am sorry but there are no moderately priced 3 star hotels. Could we try another search?
There are no moderate 3 star hotels in the whole of London?
There are several in Cambridge. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I need a moderate priced room in the South. Hotel, or guesthouse. 
bridge guest house is popular this time of year and would suit those needs. Can I book you a room?
Please book me a room, I would like the reference number.
Your reference number is T921UTQK.  What else can I do for you today? 
Nothing else. I think that's all I needed. Have a good day. Bye. 
good bye and have a great day
Hi, could you help me find a train departing from London Kings Cross?
I'd be happy to help you find a train. What is your destination?
I'll be going to cambridge on thursday. 
Trains run that route every couple of hours. Do you have a preferred time to leave or arrive?
I'd like to arrive by 20:00.
The latest arrival is TR1149 at 17:17, is that ok?
Sounds great. When will that be leaving the station?
This train leaves at 17:17.
get me the price. also find me  a 4 star hotel in the north
I do not have any in the north. What else can I help with?
What about a Guesthouse in the North? Can you find me one? 
There is the Acorn Guest house. It has 4 stars and is moderately priced.  Would you like for me to book it for you?
Can you just tell me the address please?
Price for the train is 23.60 pounds. THe hotel is located at 154 chesterton road. 
Can you book the room for me?
I would be happy to book that for you. Can you tell me what day you will be checking in, how many people and for how many days?
I don't need to book a hotel just need the address and price range.
It is a moderate priced guesthouse. They can be contacted at 01223353888. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.
thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge
I want to visit the centre while I am here, what are some of the attractions available to me?
Our city centre is full of wonderful attractions! Is there a specific type you're interested in visiting?
I don't care. 
We have 79 different attractions to choose from. Would you like to visit a museum?
Yes a museum sounds good,adress and phone number please
okay, there are 11 museums in the centre. I recommend Castle Galleries. 
I also need a place to eat. It can be expensive and I would like the restaurant to serve Asian oriental food.
Sure, there's Saigon City in the north, how does that sound?
Yes, could you book that. Saturday, 3 people, 13:30.
You're all set. Your reference is VDXACZR1 and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also book a taxi to commute between the two place?
Booking completed! The  car is a black honda and the contact number is 07396246163.
Thanks a lot. That does it for me. Goodbye. 
Glad to be of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
Hi. I will be coming to Cambridge soon and I want to do a little planning first. I have read about different things to do and places to see.
Yes, there is so much here.  You'll like it.  Can I find something in particular for you?
I'm looking for an architecture attraction, please.
all saints church is located in the centre and has fabulous architecture!
Is there a fee to get in there?
There is not a fee for All Saints Church, would you like more information about it?
No that is great. I do need a place to stay however. 
Okay!  Did you have a particular area or price type you were looking for?
I am looking for an expensive guesthouse in the north with free parking.
I am sorry but I can't find any guesthouses that meet your criteria.  Could you use a different price range?
Please try one with a moderate price range. 
How about the arbury lodge guesthouse?
That sounds great! Thank you for helping me with this! And have a great day.
i wasn't going to book it for you?
Yes, please book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on Saturday.
You are booked as requested for Arbury lodge guesthouse, the reference number is E54BAG41, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a taxi and would like to leave the hotel by 9:30.
Sure!  What is the destination for the taxi?
The All Saints Church.
Thank you very much, I have booked you for a white tesla at 09:30. The contact number is 07369590593. Is there anything else I can do for you? 
No, you've done enough. I appreciate the help.
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help. Have a nice day. 
Can you book a taxi for me? I'll be departing from bangkok city.
When would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I leave but I need to arrive by 15:15.
Great. And your destination please?
The taxi should take me to hotel du vin and bistro.
Your booking is complete, a white ford will be arriving to pick you up.
May I have the contact number for the taxi, please.
The vehicle is a white Ford and the contact number is 07362646740.
That's everything I need. Thank you. Goodbye.
I'm glad I could book you.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for information about a hotel in Cambridge called Warkworth House.
Sure, Warkworth house is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse in the east that offers free wifi and parking. Do you need additional info?
Can you provide me with their phone number please?
Certainly, the phone number is 01223363682. Is there anything else I can assist with?
Yes, I am looking for places to go while I'm there.  Perhaps a nightclub?
There are 6 nightclubs around town. Most are in the centre of town. If I may, might I suggest the Ballare. They are on Heidelberg Garden, Lion Yard.
That sounds great! Thank you for the information.
Do you need anything else today?
I need a cab to commute between both places and I want to leave the hotel by 18:45, I also need the contact # & car type
Okay I will work on getting that for you and be back in a moment. 
Great, thank you. 
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	yellow lexus Contact number	:	07550893023 Can I help with anything else?
No thats it have a nice day !
You have a nice day. This is the end.
Hi, I need help finding Addenbrookes Hospital. Can you give me some information please?
Of course, the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge postcode CB20QQ
What is the phone number?
Their main phone number is 01223245151. If you need a direct phone number for a specific department I can provide that for you. 
No, that's all I need.  Thanks.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
I want a danish restaurant in the south.
There are no Danish restaurants in the south.
How about an Italian restaurant in the south?
There is a frankie and bennys located in the south.
phone number and postcode
The phone number is 01223 412430.  The postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y
Thank you, goodbye.
thank you ..good bye 
Hello, can you help me find a cheap guesthouse?
There are 9 to choose from. What area would you like?
I don't care.  I'd like a hotel though, with 4 stars.
Okay, the cambridge belfry fits all of your needs. 
That sounds wonderful. Can you please book a reservation for 7 people?
On which day would you like to start this reservation?
Sunday, for 4 nights please.
I was able to book the room the reference number is YS8H6AOE. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Thank you so much. That is all for today.
You're welcome. have a great trip!
I am looking to get some eritrean food in the west part of town.
Unfortunately there aren't any restaurants that fit your criteria. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Can you see if there are any that serve  indian food?
There are six restaurants, one in the moderate price range and the rest in the expensive price range. Which one would you prefer? 
Any would be fine. But I need to book a table for 8 people for Sunday at 12:15.
Booking was unsuccessful at rice boat. Would you like to find another restaurant?
Sure as long as it's in the same area and price range. I need the reference number too please.
Okay I booked you at the Tandoori Palace and your reference number is NBLD7E0V.
Thank you, that's all I needed today!
Okay glad I could be of help!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indonesian food.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive restaurants that serve indonesian food. Can I help you with something else?
can i have a thai food instead? 
bangkok city is thai restaurant in the expensive price range located in the centre city. 
address and phone number, please
Sure, bangkok city is located at 24 green street city centre and its phone number is 01223 354382. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Sorry what type of food do they serve? 
They serve thai food. 
No, thank you! I've got all the info I needed. Goodbye.
Thank you.
I want to find a restaurant called Meghna. Can you help?
Meghna is located in the west. Their address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.
Awesome! What's price range of Meghna? 
Meghna is moderately priced. May I book a table for you?
yes please, I am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the center and should be in the type of multiple sports
Unfortunately, I don't have any multiple sport attractions in the Centre. Are there any other attractions you'd be interested in?
Well that's a bummer. Do you have any boat attractions you can recommend?
I have the cambridge punter located at 251a chesterton road. 
Oh great. Please may i have their address, entrance fee and their phone number. Also you can go ahead and book for me a Table for 6 at meghna.
I can not book that they require a phone to schedule. You can call them at 07807718591
What is the address?  Thanks so much for helping me.
Their address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Do you need assistance with anything else?
I just need the phone number, entrance fee, and address of a boat attraction. 
Sure! The Cambridge Punter is located on 251a Chesterton Road and the phone number is 07807718591. The entrance fee is unknown, but you can call them to find out.
Great that's all I needed to know, thank you for your help.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel with at least a three-star rating.
We have 6 hotels and guesthouses that have 3 star ratings. Is there a particular part of town, or a particular price range that you're interested in?
I'm not to worried about price but the hotel needs to have free wifi.
The gonville hotel is in the centre and the lensfield hotel is in the south.They both have free wifi. Would you like me to book one for you?
Not just yet.  I'm just getting info now.
Understood.  Do you need anything else then?
Oh I forgot to mention I would actually like something in the moderate price range. 
We have 4 to choose from now. Any other preferences?
Are they all guesthouses?
Yes, they are all guesthouses. Can I suggest the hamilton lodge, a 3 star, moderately priced guesthouse with wifi, in the north area?
Please give me the number to the hamilton lodge.
Certainly. It's 01223365664. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I won't be booking today.  Can you just give me the address?
Sure,  it is at 156 chesterton road.  Do you need any other information today?
No, that's everything. Thank you very much.
You are welcome.  Bye.
I need a train that departs from Ely on Thursday.
We have 10 trains leaving from Ely on Thursday. Where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Cambridge after 18:00.
We have three trains departing from Ely after 18:00. The earliest departing at 19:35 and arriving by 19:52. It'll be a 17 minute trip.
I would like to book the 19:35 train for 7 people. I will need the reference number, please. 
I have booked your train for 7 people. 30.8 GBP will be payable at the station. The reference number is MTT3EDCU. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay in the north. I do need free parking.
OK I found 11 places fitting your requirements. Do you need free WIFI?
I don't care about wifi, but I would like a guest house, please.
There are 9 guesthouses fitting your criteria. Is there a certain star rating you would like the guesthouse to have?
I would like something with at least three stars.
How about Acorn Guest House? It has free parking and is rated 4 stars.
That should be great can I book it for 2 nights for 7 people starting thursday please?
No problem at all. Your reference number is Y41W8UWB.
That's all I need. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great trip!
I am looking for information on theatres in the center part of town.
There are four theatres to pick from.    I recommend the cambridge arts theatre, would you like more information? 
My husband is into the arts so that might actually work out perfect. Can I get their phone number please?
Absolutely. Their number is 01223503333. They don't have an entrance fee listed, so be sure to ask them about it. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need to find a train to Cambridge.
Where will you be traveling from, and what day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave from London Liverpool Street on saturday. I need to arrive by 16:00.
Okay how about the TR4078 it arrives by 15:07. 
Perfect. I will need tickets for 6 people. Please provide the reference number.
No problem!  Your reference # is BBJ1JTXU.  The total fee is 79.67 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else?
Great thank you that's all I needed today.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye. 
I need to get to bangkok city by 12:00 today. Can you help?
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I'm coming from jesus green outdoor pool.
Alright, I have arranged for a grey toyota to take you. They can be reached at 07230483691. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that should do it. Thanks so much. Bye!
Happy to help! Please take care!
I'm looking for a concert hall in the east.
I am sorry but there are no concert halls in the east. There is one in the centre of town, though. Do you want more information about it?
How about a museum in the east?
There are 4. Cambridge artworks, cambridge museum of technology, gallery at twelve high st, and st barnabas press gallery.
Thank you very much, could I have the phone number for each of those museums?
Cambridge Artworks' number is 01223902168, Cambridge Museum of Technology is 01223368650, Gallery at twelve a high street 01223295264, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery 01223902116. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd like to get some information on a restaurant in the same area, maybe serving indian food?
We have 9 options in the centre for Indian food, any preference on price range?
I have no preference on the price range.
I would recommend Saffron Brasserie then, the atmosphere is fantastic. They are expensive. Would you like to make a reservation there? 
Yes please. Book it for 2 on Wednesday at 11:45.
I was unable to make a reservation at the time you wanted. Would you like to try another time
Please try 10:45. 
The booking for 10:45 was successful, your reference number is X91CKCCU. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I will need a taxi to go between the two places please. 
Okay, when would you like to leave?
I would like to arrive at 10:45.
Where will you be departing from?
Cambridge Artworks please and going to Saffron Brasserie.
You are all set, look for a grey bmw, the phone number is 07332820178, can I assist with anything else?
No, thats it thanks! 
I'm pleased I could assist you.
Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need to find a 4 star rated place to stay with free parking.
Ok, there are 19 in town. Is there a particular part of town you're interested in?
No particular area but I would like it to be a hotel type in the moderate price range.
I would suggest acorn guest house would you like me to book this for you?
I think I'll take a drive past first and make sure it doesn't look dodgy. Can you give me the address please?
The address is 154 chesterton road.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
I am all set.
Can I get you set up in a room then?
Yes. 7 people 5 nights from Wednesday. 
Your booking was successful.  The reference number is 5D2U451A.  What else can I do for you?
I was also interested in finding a place to go in town to see some architecture. 
we have quite a few olds schools is great, alot of people go there
What is the entrance fee there?
The entrance fee is free. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'll need to book a taxi to commute between Olds Schools and the hotel. I would like to leave the attraction by 22:30.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	yellow honda Contact number	:	07785353163 Can I help with anything else today?
that is all for today. thanks for the help
thanks and enjoy your stay
Can you help me find a train leaving Peterborough that arrives by 11:45?
Okay. What is the destination please?
I need to go to Cambridge on Monday.
I have train TR0168 that leaves at 10:19 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:09. Would that work for you? 
Yes, that is great. Just to verify, the travel time is 50 minutes?
That is correct, travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like me to book that for you?
i also need a hotel 
There are 33 hotels in the city. Can you give me some of your preferences so that we may narrow it down?
I'd like it to be moderately priced and include free parking.
Okay, I have 14 that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference of hotel vs guesthouse?
I would love if it were a 2 star place. And a hotel if I can. 
There are 2 hotels located in north. May I suggest the ashley hotel?
Perfect, I need to book it for 5 people, 5 nights starting from Monday. If that fails try Thursday and I will need the reference number please.
Your reservation for 5 at Ashley Hotel this Monday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : ZCPI0YPM. Anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all for today. Thank you.
I hope you have a great stay.  Goodbye.
Can  you help me find a place to stay that's four stars and has free wifi? 
Twenty one accomodations meet your needs. What part of town are you planning to stay in?
That doesn't matter as long as it's cheap.
There are 21 places in that criteria. What area of town? Or perhaps a need for free parking?
It doesn't matter. Like I told you, it just needs to be a cheap 4 star place with free wifi.
The Alexander bed and breakfast is the best option.
Okay I would like to make a booking for 5 people and 4 nights starting from wednesday.
Will you needing a reference number?
Yes, of course.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : JVC5MSAV. anything else today?
I also need a train on Friday, departing after 9:00. 
Ok. Where are you departing from?
i am departing from cambridge
Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to ely, no need to book, but i need the train number, travel time departure time and arrival time
Train TR8792 departs at 09:50 and will arrive in Ely at 10:07. The total travel time is 17 minutes. Anything more I can help with? 
That is all. Thanks for your time.
Your welcome, have a great day!
Hello. I am looking for a recommendation for a place to eat.
Okay, I need some more information. Do you have a type of food or area where you would like to go?
I am looking for a place that is in the centre and offers the Americas food.
Sorry, I couldn't find anything. 
where else could ypou suppose i get american food
I'm not sure, nothing is coming up for that type of food. Would you like to try a different cuisine? 
How about italian?  I love pasta.
I have found a few Italian restaurants located in the centre area of town what price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter really. But I want to book for 5 people at 18:15 on wednesday. so whichever one could accommodate that works for me.
Great I have you at stazione restaurant and coffee bar	at 18:15 and the reference number is ZM5SFSMH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that was all I needed. Have a great day. 
The location is at Market Hill City Centre cb23nj the phone number is 01223352607.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
There seems to be an error. Thanks for booking the Italian restaurant. That is all I needed.
Just want to confirm, do you need any further assistance?
No that was everything. Thanks
Thank you for using our services.
Are there any trains leaving Sunday that arrive by 11:30?
There are many trains to choose from, where are you looking to depart from?
Kings Lynn, to Cambridge. 
There are two are available TR6003 leaving at 05:11 and arriving at 05:58 and TR0412 leaving at 06:11 and arriving at 06:58. Would you like me to book either one?
No thank you, I have all the information I need on that.  Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I am looking for information on the regency gallery.
The regency gallery is a museum in the centre. It is located at 39 fitzroy street. Admission is free. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I needed, thank you so much!
Happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Please show me where the nearest hospital is
The nearest hospital is The Addenbrookes Hospital located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ. 
Thank you. Can you book a taxi to take me there?
Yes, what time would you like the taxi to pick you up?
Nevermind, I don't need a taxi. Thanks for your help.
What can I help you with?
That's all. Thank you, good bye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I'm interested in getting some entertainment later.
There are some entertainments available do you want the information?
Awesome.  Can you give me some information on local theatres?
There are 5 theatres one in the south and 4 in the centre. Is there an area you prefer? 
Can you give me the address, phone number, and entrance fee info for the one in the south? I also need a restaurant that is moderately priced in the centre.
The theatre is called, The Junction. It is located at Clifton Way, cb17gx. The phone number is 01223511511. I'm not sure if there is an entrance fee or not.
Thank you.  Can you help me find a moderately-priced Latin American restaurant in the centre?
I was unable to find any in that area, do you have any other place you'd like to try?
Actually, let's try another kind of food. How about spanish? 
We have La Tasca, at 14 - 16 Bridge Street. Would you like a reservation? 
No but I would like the phone number.
The phone number is 01223464630. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thanks.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I would like a guesthouse, four star. 
The allenbell is a 4-star guesthouse in the east. Would you like to make a booking?
does it include free parking?
It includes free parking.   Would you like to book a room at this hotel?
Yes, please book it for 1 person and 3 nights starting from sunday.
I'm very sorry. That booking was unavailable. Would you like to find another hotel?
Sure.  Any guesthouse in the same price range would be fine.
I have booked you a room at the Autumn House. Their address is 710 newmarket road. Phone number is 01223575122. Reference number is : YU3MOAHH.
Thank you for the reference number YU3MOAHH. Goodbye.
Let us know if you need further help. 
Hi, can you find the hotel Kirkwood House?
Yes. Kirkwood House is a 4-star, moderately-priced, guesthouse in the north. It includes free parking and internet. Would you like me to book this for you?
Could I please have the phone number and address of this hotel?
Sure, kirkwood house is located at 172 chesterton road, phone 01223306283.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you give me the postal code for the hotel as well?
The postcode for Kirkwood House is cb41da. Woud you like me to book a room for you?
No thank you, but I am also wanting to find a train departing from Cambridge on Monday and arriving at London Liverpool Street by 18:00.
I have train TR3602 that departs at 15:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 17:27. Would this work for you?
Yes, please book that for 8 people and let me have a reference number. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : JGX91DYB.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you very much for your help!
Please feel free to contact us back if you have any issues during your travels. 
Thank you for your help.
Thanks for using our service, and have a wonderful day!
I am trying to get some suggestions on where I can take my wife for our anniversary. We want to try to find something fun to do. 
How about whipple museum of the history of science?
Sounds interesting.  Can I get the entrance fee and postcode info?
It is a free attraction, and the postcode is cb23rh. Is there anything else?
Well, I guess I forgot to specify that I need something on the south end of town. 
I'm sorry, but there is nothing on the south side of town. Would you like to change the area?
Are there any attractions at all on the south side of the city?
I'm sorry, yes, Nusha is an entertainment venue that I think you will enjoy. Postcode for that is cb17dy, but there is no entrance fee listed. 
That's all. Thanks for the info!
Thank you.Good bye.
I am looking for a particular restaurant. Its name is called restaurant alimentum
							 restaurant alimentum offers modern european found south has moderate price range	01223413000	cb28pb	152 - 154 Hills Road
Thanks a lot. That's all the information I'm looking for. Goodbye.
Goodbye and have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train that departs london kings cross on friday. 
Can I get a destination for this trip please?
Yes, I'll be going to Cambridge, and I need to arrive by 13:15.
There are 4 different trains departing at 5:17, 7:17, 9:17, and 11:17.  Each of those trains will arrive before 13:15.  Would you like to book a train?
Any of those would be fine, I will be booking for 6. 
I booked you on TR5686 arriving at 10:08. Your reference number is HVY7MBWS, the total is 141.6GBP payable at the station. 
Great, thanks a lot. Can you also help me find a good restaurant in the centre of town? 
Kymmoy looks good, would you like to book there?
I need a moderately priced restaurant that serves Chinese food.
Would you like to try Jinlin Noodle Bar?
That sounds great, could you give me the postcode?
the postcode is cb23pp. Would you like to make a reservation?
Can I just double check something? Is the Jinlin Noodle Bar moderately priced?
Yes they are, if you would like to book there, When would you like the booking anf for how many people?
Please book there for 6 people on friday at 16:00.  Thank you for your assistance.
Ok, I have that booked for you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much. You have been most helpful. There is nothing else at this time. Good bye.
Thank you. Have a great evening.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
There are two moderately priced restaurants in the north, an Italian restaurant and a Chinese restaurant. Would you like more information?
What is the address of anyone of them?
The Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the north located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Can I be of further assistance? 
Thank You
You're welcome, enjoy your food.
Thank you goodbye. 
Good bye. Thank you for using the system.
I need a taxi that leaves from kettle's yard and leaves after 15:15.
What is your destination?
I am going to Yu Garden.
Ok, your taxi will pick you up at Kettle's Yard at 15:25. It is a yellow BMW. Their contact number is 07748651061.
Thank you so much! That is all I need today.
Thank you for using our services. Have a nice trip.
I need a place to stay in the east.
I have several guesthouses and one hotel to stay at.  Do you have a price range of star rating you're looking for?
No, I don't care about price or stars.
Ok, Leverton guesthouse is cheap and located in the east.  Can I get you some information on it?
Does it have wifi?
Yes it has both free internet access and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
yes please, for 4 nights.
For what night and how many people?
I need it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday. 
Your booking is set, the reference number is DDIZEYL4.   Anything else that i can assist with?
Thanks. Could you help me find a restaurant specializing in Americas food, also in the east?
Were you looking for a particular price range?
Any price range will work. 
Sorry, I couldn't find anything that matches that. Want to try for a different kind of food?
Try british food, please.
I have the grafton hotel restaurant serves british food. Would you be interested in that?
Yes. Can you get all eight of us a table?
What time would you like the booking for?
12:15 on the same day as the hotel please
What day would that reservation be needed and number of people?
that would be for Wednesday and 8 people please
Booking was successful is there anything else?
No, thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Hi, I'm interested in finding something to do on the north end of town. Are there any boats there that I might be able to visit?
Yes, the riverboat georgina operates out of that area. Would you like me to provide any additional information? 
Yes please. I would like to get the address and postcode for the riverboat.
Certainly, their address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and their postcode is cb43ax.
Ok, I need a restaurant in the north side that serves chinese as well. 
There are 3 options for Chinese food on the North side. Would you prefer one that is moderately priced or an expensive one?
Whichever one would be able to be booked for 4 people at 13:00 on thursday.
Hakka has been booked, reference number is P1MMD3MO
Thank you. I'll need a taxi to get me to the restaurant.
Can you tell me where you would like the taxi to pick you up and at what time?
I'd like to be picked up from the Georgina, and please make sure I'm there before my booking at Hakka.
Okay, I've booked a white Ford for you. The contact number is 07504485210. What else can I help you with? 
That's all I need! Thank you!
Happy to help! Enjoy your trip!
Thank you very much.
You're quite welcome. Enjoy!
I need a place to stay please. A guesthouse would be great.
Acorn guest house has good ratings would you like to stay there?
Is it in the north? I need to be in the north area of the city.
Yes, Acorn Guest House is a 4 star guest house with free internet and free parking in the north part of town. Should I book it for you?
Yes, please book starting Thursday for 4 people and for 4 nights.
I'm sorry, there were no rooms available. Would you like to find another hotel?
Could you try another hotel in the same price range and, if you make a reservation, give me the reference number?
Will you be needing free parking?
I do not need free parking.
Acorn guest house is in the moderate price range, are you looking to book in that pricerange then?
Yes, that would be fine, moderate price range.
The Acorn is not available but I went ahead and booked the alpha-milton guest house. Your reference number is SJZ9ZJ8V.
Good. Thanks for your help.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a train to cambridge leaving after 09:30, can you help?
Hello, we have many trains going to cambridge.  Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Norwich. I would also like to leave on Wednesday. 
There are a total of 14 trains leaving Norwich on Wednesday every hour beginning at 10:16. Would you like to book the 10:16 train or any later train?
The 10:16 will be great, I'd like to book for 1 person please.
Your fee will be 17.6 GBP, payable at the station, and your reference number is  J3K7VE8G. Do you need anything else today?
Yes, I would like some suggestions on places to go on the west side of town.
clare hall is an excellent choice on the west end.
Is this a type of entertainment? 
No, Clare Hall is a college.  
I am looking for attractions on the west side of town related to entertainment. Please recommend one and provide the postcode
I recommend Whale of a time and the post code is cb238el
Ok thank you, that's all I need today. 
You're welcome. Please come back if you have any other questions!
Hello, I'd like to dine at an expensive restaurant in the centre. Any suggestions?
We have an expensive restaurant in the centre of town that serves African food, called bedouin. Would that be of interest?
That sounds wonderful. Can you book me a table for 5?
Certainly.  What day and time would you like to dine?
Tuesday at 16:00.
I have your booked for the Bedouin Tuesday at 1600 for 5 people. Your reference number is PET3GU9H. Thank you for allowing me to assist you.
I'm also looking for a train on Tuesday as well. Can you assist me with this please?
Okay, no problem. There are many trains available. I just need to know where you are departing from and going to, as well as the preferred time.
should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should depart from leicester to cambridge. arriving at 13.30. train id, price and departure time please
TR6224	would be your perfect fit. 
Okay, what time does it depart and how much is it?
TR6224 leaves at 11:09, arrives at 12:54(105 minutes), and is 37.80 pounds per person.
Great, that is everything I needed! Thanks!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking to stay in a guesthouse that includes free parking
I have lots of them to choose from. Is there any area of town that I can check into for you?
No. I would like it to have a star rating of 4 and free wifi. 
There are 16 such guest houses. You might like the Alexander B and B, which is rated 4 stars, yet inexpensive, and offers all the luxury the others choices do.
That sounds great! Can you book the Alexander for 2 people? We'll need it for 5 nights starting on Thursday. 
I am afraid that was unsuccessful. Would like to book another day or a shorter stay?
Can we try 2 nights instead then? I'll need the reference number as well. 
Your booking at the Alexander for 2 nights was successful. Your reference number is X7VU6Y8Y. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thanks.
Awesome. Take care!
Hi, I am looking for information about the Warkworth House hotel.
Is there anything specific you'd like to know about the Warkworth House hotel?
I just would like to book it for 2 people, for 5 nights, beginning Monday. Please give me reference number.
Your room has been booked successfully. Your confirmation number is ARWOR7QP. Would you like help with anything else?
I am also looking to book a train to norwich.
What day are you looking to depart?
I would like to leave on Saturday from Cambridge to be in Norwich before 21:00. 
TR4018 leaves cambridge at 17:36 and arrives at 18:55.  May I book it for you?
Thank you so much. So that means a 79 minute travel time? Let's go ahead and book it.
Do you need two tickets?
Actually, I think I may book it later.  Thank you very much for all your help.
Okay! You're very welcome. To answer your earlier question, yes: the travel time is 79 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thank you!
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the west and should be in the cheap price range
the cambridge belfry is a hotel in the west in the cheap price range. it has 4 stars and free internet and parking. will that work for you?
no, I need a guesthouse.
How about finches bed and breakfast?
id apreciate if thats offered
Finches Bed and Breakfest is a 4-star guesthouse in the west in the cheap price range with free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
I'll contact them myself thank. Can you tell me their address, including postcode?
Their address is 144 thornton road	 and the postcode is cb30nd
I am grateful for all your assistance. Wonderful service. Goodbye.
Thank you, is that all?
i want to find a hospital in town
Cambridge's hospital is the Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd.
Great, can I get the address and postcode.
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, and the postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you for your help. That is all I need today.
Great! Have a nice day! 
Hi there, I need to know where I can find the Parkside Police Station.
You can find them at Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Do you have the phone number for that police station?
Sure thing! Their phone number is 01223358966.
Thank you for your help
Any time. That's why we are here. Need anything else?
No, that's it. Good bye.
welcome. at your service next time
I need to book a train from birmingham new street to cambridge.
When would you like to travel?
I need to leave n Wednesday and arrive no later than 21:15.
TR4977 will get you here by 20:23. Would you like me to book you passage?
Yes can you please and send me the reference number.
For how many people?
I need a booking for 2 people.
I will bnook that and get you the reference number.
Ok thank you.  After I get the reference number for my train, I have some other requests for you. But I need my train booked first.
Your 2 seats are reserved on the TR4977, departing Birmingham New Street on Wednesday at 17:40, arriving Cambridge at 20:23. Reference number is ULZ1R0XV. What else may I assist you with?
I would like to visit an entertainment attraction in the centre please
There are no entertainment attractions in the North, but there are two in the East if you're interested.
Do you have anything in the Centre area?
I am sorry there is nothing in the centre.
How about a museum?
How about broughton house gallery?
what type of museum is it, and their phone number too then please
broughton house gallery is a museum of arts. Their phone number is 01223314960. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, that's all the info I needed today. Goodbye!
Enjoy your stay and have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester.
What day will you be leaving?
I will be leaving on Monday.
There are 19 trains, would you like me to book you one?
I need to arrive in Leicester by 21:15, do you have one like that?
There's a train arriving at 21:06. Would you like to  book that train now?
That will probably work. What is the travel time for that train? 
It will be a 105 minute trip
Okay, that's all I needed to know.  Thanks.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
Hello, I'd like to book a train on Friday that arrives by 17:30.
What's your to and from location? 
I am leaving from London Kings Cross station and traveling to Cambridge.  
There are 6 that arrive by 17:30, the closest being TR8842, which arrives at 16:08. Is that to your liking?
yes, please! what's the reference number?
Can you please tell me how many tickets you will need for this trip?
I will need 2 tickets
OK, I've booked you for 2 tickets with reference number ERCAZMGA. The fee will be 47.20 GBP, payable at the station. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'm wondering if there are any expensive modern european restaurants in town.
Yes, darrys cookhouse and wine shop.
I would like to book a table for 2 people at 20:00 on friday please. 
I have successfully booked that for you. Your reference number is ZCMA7GFP.
Thank you, that will be all.
Okay, great. Have a good day!
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should serve korean food.
I'm afraid we don't have one. Can I look you up something else?
What other restaurants are in the centre of town?
We have chinese, italian, european, spanish, british. Do any of those interest you?
What about one that serves Turkish food?
Yes! There is efes restaurant or anatolia. Both are moderately priced in the city centre. Would you like me to make a booking at one?
Yes, please.  I need a table for 4 on Saturday at 18:15.
I will book that for you now.
Thank you. I will also need a reference number.
I've got you booked!  Your reference number is 9CFEAQYX. They will hold your table for 15 minutes.
Great, thanks. Can you tell me some information on the Cambridge and County Folk Museum?
Sure thing! It is in the west part of town and the entrance fee is 3.5 pounds
Thank you. I'll also need the postcode and attraction type. 
This is a museum. The post code is cb30aq. Can I be of further assistance?
I think I have everything I need! Thank you for your help, you've been very kind!
I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Can you recommend me a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town ?
I found two restaurants.  Would you prefer chinese or indian food? 
I do not care what kind of food.
There are two restaurants in the moderate price range and north area. There is golden wok and there is the nirala.
What is the address and phone number of the Golden Wok?
the golden wok address is 191 histon road chesterton and the phone number is 01223 350688. is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Please call again! Goodbye.
Yes, I'm looking for places to go in Cambridge.  Can you help me with that?
Sure, what type of attractions are you interested in ?
Let's check out some stuff in the entertainment type.
I've heard really great things about Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds in the east area.  Does that sound like something you'd enjoy?
Okay that sounds good.  What is the area and postcode?
It is located in the east and the postcode is CB18DW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a place to stay on my trip. I'd prefer a guesthouse in the north.
The Avalon is a popular 4 star guest house on the north side, would you like me to see if they have space available?
Yes please, I need rooms for 7 people for 2 nights starting Monday.
I have your rooms booked, and your reference number is 7BOZNPTN.
Very good, that's all. Thanks.
You are welcome.  Have a great stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
I am glad that you are visiting, but I cannot help you until you give me something to search for?
I'm looking for a train from Cambridge to Leicester on Monday.
We have quite a few trains available that day. Is there any time you would like to depart or arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:45 
TR2919 is leaving at 22:21, would that work?
Yes, could you book me 2 tickets and get me a reference number?
Absolutely. I have booked two tickets for TR2919 at a total fee of 75.59 GBP. Your reference number is 8BG1O6W0. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, i also need a hotel with free wi-fi. I do not mind if it is expensive. 
how about allenbell? it looks lovely
does it have free parking?
allenbell has free parking. Should I book it?
Yes, I need it for Thursday. 2 people 4 nights. 
your all set! Reference # is DQ0Z16N7. Anything else I can help you with today?
That is all I need.
Have a great day!
Are there any guesthouses on the north side of town?
Yes, we have eleven. Is price a concern?
i would like the price range to be moderate.
Is either free parking or internet a concern to you?
I would like free wifi. 
Great. There are 8 options that meet your criteria. I'd recommend the Acorn Guest House. Would you like to book a room?
How many stars is it?
The acorn guest house is 4 stars. Would you like me to book?
Can I just get the postcode and pricerange for right now? 
The post code for the Acorn guest house is cb41da and it is in the moderate price range. Is there anything else that I can do for you today?
I also need a place to eat.
Sometimes we want to go where everyone knows our name, we have 110 places where we can make that happen.  Any restaurant preferences like area, price or cuisine
Yes, I would like to eat at a scottish restaurant near the same area as the hotel.
I'm sorry but there aren't any Scottish places in the north part of town.  Would you like to try a different type of food?
Is there one that serves Chinese?
I have three places. Would you like more info on one?
Yes, can you send me all the info on that please?
I recommend Hakka, located at Milton Road Chesterton, postcode cb41jy.
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 8 people at 17:00 on Monday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 91681CYP. Can I help you with anything else today?
That will be all, thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day.
Please find me a taxi? I'm at the el shaddai and I need to arrive by 21:15.
Okay. I will need your destination first.
I'm going to cocum.
I have a white bmv with a contact number of 07785490051.
That will be fine, thank you very much.
What else can I do for you today?
I am finished.  Thank you.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the cheap price range and should be in the west part of town.
There is an Italian and a Vietnamese restaurant in that area. Would one of these work for you?
How about the Italian one? Book for 1 people at 13:00 on saturday. reference number please?
Booking was a complete success mam, your reference number is QAOD1MXA.
Thanks so much. I also need info on magdalene college
Yes sure Magdalene College is located on Magdalene Street and their telephone number is 01223332138 an it is free to enter.
May I have their postcode as well?
Their postcode is cb30ag, is that all I can help you with today?
Yes, i also need a taxi between the two places. 
What time would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 5:30, if that would be possible.
your booking is complete your car will be a black bmw the contact number is 07594757678. It will have you at your destination by 5:30 is there anything else?
No thank you so much for all of your help
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi for when I am visiting Cambridge.
Acorn guest house in the north has a 4 star rating and free internet. Would you like me to book a room?
Could you tell me if Acorn guest house is in the moderate price range?
Yes it is in the moderate price range. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I need it for 4 people for 3 nights starting Thursday. 
I'm sorry, that is not available.  Could you possibly shorten your stay?  Also, this is a guesthouse, were you looking for a hotel room instead?
Yeah, let's just try for one night please. 
Sorry, let me try to get this right. Are you looking for a moderate priced hotel(?) or guesthouse(?), with wifi, in the north? Does star number matter? For 1 night?
I want it to be a hotel and the stars don't matter.
OK, the Ashley Hotel is a moderately priced hotel in the north with free wifi. Would you like a room there?
Yes. I need to book for 4 people for 3 nights starting from Thursday.
Unfortunately, booking was not available. Could you choose another day or arrange for a shorter stay?
Can you try just one night? I can use the reference number, too, if successful. Also, are there museums in town?
There is ashley hotel with all your requirements met. Can I book for you? What kind of museum are you interested in?
Yes, book it and I need a reference number.  It doesn't matter the kind of museum.
OK, I have you booked at the ashley hotel. There are no Museums in the North, where are you wanting it located?
What is the reference number for the Ashley Hotel?
I apologize. I thought the booking had confirmed but it did not. They are booked full. Would you like to try a shorter stay? 
Can you book it for 1 night?
I'm sorry, we don't have any rooms available there on Thursday. Would you like to try a different hotel?
Sure, I need a hotel that is moderately priced that is in the north area.
I am sorry but the room in that area on Thursday are booked. Shall I try another day for you?
Hmm, are you absolutely sure that there's no moderately priced places in the North for 4 people, 1 night on Thursday?
Yes, Unfortunately I double checked all the hotels available for what you are looking for. They are all booked up for the night.
All right, then let's start all over again. I need a place to stay for 4 people 3 nights, if not then for one night.
The Avalon shows availability for 3 nights starting Thursday for 4 people. It is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yeah this seems fine. Go ahead and book it for me.
I apologize, as I went to book it someone else must have already snagged it. Can you stay on a different day maybe?
No, but please try 1 night instead of 3.
I was able to find you one night at the avalon hotel? May I book it for you?
Yes, please book that for me and give me the reference number.  
Booking was unsuccessful. Can I try another day or a shorter stay? 
How about starting on Friday?
sorry, but Friday is all booked 
Book whatever is avaliable, thanks! 
I apologize for the long wait. You are booked at the hamilton lodge. Your reference number is EL2JG964. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes I would like to visit a museum.
We have many museums in town, in every area except the north. Do you have a preference?
No, just let me know what you would recommend and give me the postcode, area, and phone number.
I like byard art, the postcode is cb21sj and their address is 14 king's parade	
Thank you for that, can I have their phone number as well?
Of course you can, it's 01223464646. Would that be all for you today?
Yes, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye.
Thank you so much for your patience. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a concerthall in Cambridge.
I actually only have 1 concerthall located in the centre of town. It is called The Man On The Moon. Is there any other information you need for them? 
How about a nightclub on the south side of town.
I have one called, "The Place", would you like more info on it?
Yes, I would like the phone number, postcode, and address please.
01223324600, Phones number. Address, post code first is:	cb23hg, 22 sidney street. Anything else?
I need a train to Cambridge on Wednesday as well. 
Where will you be departing from? Do you have a specific time you need for departure or arrival?
It should be departng from london kings cross, and arrive by 16:30
I have train TR0397 that will be departing at 15:17 and will arrive by 16:08. Do you think that would work for you? 
Possibly. I could probably figure it out from the times, but could you just tell me how long the train trip is?
It is 51 minutes. May I help you with anything else today?
That's all. Thank you.
You're welcome! Let us know if you need anything further!
I need some information about Churchill College.
Churchill college is in the west area, the address is storey's way and has free entrance. Would you like the phone number also?
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the postcode as well? 
The postcode on that attraction is cb30ds. Do you need further help with anything today?
I would like to find and Italian restaurant in the Centre of town.
There are a number of them.  Did you have a price range in mind? 
I'm thinking the expensive price range.
There are 4 restaurants that are in the expensive range, Caffe Uno comes highly recommended.  Shall I book a table?
Yes please.  There are 6 of us.  Make it for 17:00 on Thursday.
Your reservation for a table of 6 at Caffe Uno this thursday at 17:00 was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : BZ87Z5CS.
Can you hemp book a taxi, too?
I would be happy to assist you with booking a taxi. What are your departure and destination points?
I would like to leave churchill college and get to caffe uno by 17:00
I've booked your taxi, you'll be riding in a white bmw and their phone number is 07823215445. What else can I help you with? 
No, thank you. That's everything I need today. Goodbye.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a place to stay on my trip to Cambridge. It needs to have free wifi but doesn't need to have free parking.
I have 3 places that match your request. Is there a particular area you are looking to stay in?  Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
I dont mind either but I am looking for something cheap and located in the south part of town. 
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is the guesthouse for you. Cheap, but 4 stars, with free internet and parking.
I don't really need parking, is Rosa's in the south of town?
Yes it is in the south part of town and has a 4 star rating.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes, please book this for 4 people for 3 nights starting on Thursday.
I am unable to book the room under these parameters for the requested time. Is a shorter stay a possibility?
What about for 2 nights? I will also need the reference number when it is booked.
Rosa's now has a room reserved for your party for two nights. Your reference number is UXR0PYQD.
Thank you I also need a train departing from cambridge on Saturday.
There are over 200 trains that leave Cambridge Saturday, where are you headed?
I am going to Bishops Stortford. I would like to arrive by 11:00.
TR3396 will depart Cambridge at 9:29 on Saturday, arriving in Bishops Stortford at 10:07. Will that work?
Yes. I need the price please.
The price of your train is 8.08 pounds.  Do you need any more information?
No that will be all, thank you!
Have a nice day!
I need a place to stay in the east. 
Of course! We have multiple places to choose from. There is one hotel and the rest are guest houses. What kind of price range are you looking at?
It should be an expensive 2 star hotel. 
I can recommend Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. It will be for myself and I'll need it for 5 nights starting on Monday. I will also need the reference number when you have it. 
Excellent. Your Booking was successful. Reference number is : CXCS0GLB. Do you need anything else?
I'm also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve chinese food and should be in the same price range as the hotel.
i got 9 in my data base. is there a specific area you prefer?
Any area would be fine. As long as it's Chinese cuisine in the expensive price range. Perhaps you could recommend one.
I personally like Yu Garden. It's in the East. Would you like to book a table?
Sure, book it for the same amount of people at 13L15 on the same day please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WKT2SY2H. 
I will need a taxi to get me there, and to my hotel Please find a taxi that can arrive before my booked time, Please Provide Contact Info And Car Type.
I am sorry but there is no mention of you reserved time at the restaurant in the conversation.  What time do you want to arrive?
I misspelled it earlier by accident but the time was 13:15. So can you book it now?
OK I am happy to help you. I need the time of traveling, the departure site and the arrival location.  
I need to leave Yu Garden and go to Express by holiday inn.  I need to make sure i'm at the Yu Garden by 13:15.
Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a black Ford. Please call 07078757899 should you need to reach them. 
Great, thank you! Bye!
You're welcome! goodbye. 
Could you help me find some entertainment in the center of town?
There are no entertainment centers in the centre of town.  Would you like to try another area?
Yes, another area is fine.
What about the funky fun house?
Can you check for a type of architecture in the centre area please?
I have 4 architecture attractions.  They include all saints church, great saint mary's church, holy trinity church, little saint mary's church and old schools.
Can you tell me the entrance fee of All saints church?
It is free.  Would you like the address and phone number for it? 
No, that's fine, but I need a train from london liverpool street arriving by 9:00.
TR6939 arrives in cambridge by 07:07. Will that work for you or do you have another destination in mind.
I am looking for a multiple sports location in the centre of town
Unfortunately there are no multiple sports locations in the centre of town.
Hmm, okay. Well, maybe we should take a look at a local college in town centre. Could you recommend one?
I can recommend Christ's College. Admission is free.
Sounds good. Could I get the phone number?
Absolutely. The phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I would like to book a hotel that has free wifi. Parking doesn't matter.
I have found 9 hotels with free internet. Do you have a price range you are look for?
I would like it to be not be more that $120 a night.
Does the Gonville hotel work?
Is Gonville hotel in the town centre?
Gonville Hotel is in the "centre" area.
Does the hotel have a star rating of 0?
It has a rating of 3 stars.
I need a hotel located near the centre of town, with a star of 0. For 3 people, 2 nights starting Thursday please.
How about the El Shaddai? It's at 41 Warkworth Street and it's cheap.
Okay let's try that.
It doesn't look like they have availability for a 2 night stay starting on Thursday. Would you like to book a shorter stay or start a different day?
How about just one night?
I was able to successfully book you for 3 people for a 1 night stay. Your reference number is 9ZKDXB08. Is there anything else I can help with?
One more thing, I would like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Will you be departing from El Shaddai Hotel to Christ's College? Also, when would you like the taxi to leave the hotel and arrive at the destination? 
I would like the taxi to leave Christ's College by 01:30 and take me to the El Shaddai. 
I reserved a Blue Ford for you, contact number 07289393506.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's perfect.  Thanks!
No problem.  Glad you could help.
Can you give me the contact info for the nearest police station?
Sure! The Parkside Police Station is located at Parkside, Cambridge and can be reached at 01223358966.
Thank you very much. I will contact them now.
Sounds good. Have a good day.
I am looking for a hotel called The Cambridge Belfry. Can you help me with this?
Certainly. The Cambridge Belfry is located on the westside, address is back lane, cambourne, postcode cb236bw. The phone number is 01954714600. do you need more information?
Can I get the price range for the restaurant?
Did you mean the hotel? The price range for The Cambridge Belfry hotel is cheap. 
Yes, thank you. I'd also like to find a swimming pool in the town centre. 
I have one swimming pool in the centre area of town. It is called Parkside Pools. Is there any additional information I can get you for them?
I need to know the fee for Parkside Pools please.
I am sorry, but the info for the entrance fee in not available. Could I help you with something else?
Yes, can you please help me book a taxi to leave the hotel by 03:15?
Alright, a black honda will pick you up from the hotel at 3:15. Your contact number is 07832092727.
Thanks, that's all I need today. Have a good day!
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I need a restaurant to dine at in Cambridge on my upcoming trip.
There are lots to choose from. What type of cuisine are you looking for?
I don't care. It needs to be on the south side and moderately priced. 
There are 2 options, pizza hut cherry hinton which serves italian and restaurant alimentum which serves modern european.  Can I book you for those?
Yes please.  I also need a hotel with at least 3 stars and free parking.
There is no hotel in south side,do you want me to try different area?
How about a Guesthouse in South side instead?
I'm sorry, there is no guest house that meets those criteria, either. Would you like to try a different rating, or a different area?
Sure, what about in the city centre?
I am not finding a guesthouse that meets your criteria.  Might a hotel work?
Is there not one in the same area as the restaurant?
There are 2, the Alexander Bed and Breakfast 4 star or the El Shaddai 0 star.  Both are in the cheap range and in the Centre. 
Okay. Can you try booking the El Shaddai for me fo Saturday for 2 people for 3 nights.
The booking was successful.  Your reference number is S8LZAB9P.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that would be everything, thank you!
Okay! Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
Thank you, I will.
Good bye, thank you. 
I need a place to stay, ideally it should be 3 stars and moderately priced.
Sure, there are some nice guesthouses to choose from.  Would you like to stay in the north, south, or west of town?
Centre, please! Thanks!
Unfortunately there aren't any hotels available in the area that are moderately priced.  Would you like me to look in a different area?
Ok that's fine, let's try something in the west then please, I really need a room
There is Hobsons House located in the West that meets your needs. Would you like to book a room now?
Yes. That sounds good. Can you book it for 1 person and 2 nights starting from monday?
It is not open then, maybe a shorter stay?
Okay, try just 1 night instead.
I booked your room for 1 night.  Your reference number is IR6YZXFD.  Can I help with anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant, maybe with english food?
There is no restaurant serving english food. Anything else?
Could you try again, English food, moderate priced in the centre of town. 
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving English food in the city. Would you like to try another cuisine? Maybe British?
Yes, can you list some that serve Indian food?
There are 22 Indian restaurants do you have a price range and area you prefer?
I'd like it in the same price range and area as the hotel, please.
There is the Meghna restaurant that fits your criteria.
I'll take that for 12:30 on monday for 1 person.
Your reservation was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : L5A3CSWF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope! That should do it, thanks!
Thank you, let us know if you need any more help. Good bye. 
I'm looking for a Lebanese restaurant that is expensive in price. 
I am very sorry there are no results for an expensive lebanese restaurant. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine?
No I'd really like lebanese, is there one in the centre area?
I have the Ali Baba restaurant in the centre of town. They are moderately priced. Can I help you in reserving a table? 
Really? The Ali Baba is Lebanese?
Yes. The ali baba is lebanese. Would you like to book a table? 
Yes I would like to book a table for 7 people at 16:45 on thursday. 
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another time? 
Is there an opening available at 15:45? I'll also need the reservation number if it's available.
Yes I was able to make that reservation at 15:45 your reference number XH49SBME.
Thanks, I also need a train from cambridge to peterborough afterwards
There are 16 trains leaving on Thursday after your dinner.  I would think 2 hours should be long enough?  So there is one at 18:06 I can recommend.
I'd like my train to arrive by 16:45, please.
I have train TR4814 that will be departing at 15:34 and will get you there by 16:24. Would that be something that interests you? 
Yes, that sounds like it will work for me.  Thank you for the information.  That should be all I need today. 
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good bye.
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel in the south. 
It looks like there aren't any 4-star hotels in the south.  Would you like me to search another area or look for different kind of hotel? 
What about in the centre? A cheap 4 star hotel that includes free parking
It looks like if you wanted a hotel, you'd need to stay in the west part of town. There are guesthouses that meet your needs, though. Does that work?
So you are saying you have nothing south, 4 star and cheap that has free parking like I wanted?
sorry about that, actually rosa's bed and breakfast fits that criteria.
Ok, can you book me for 2 nights on wednesday for 2 people?
Ok, your room is booked for 2 people for 2 nights on wednesday. the reference number is OVUP7D9I. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant by the name Maharajah Tandoori. 
maharajah tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant located in the west at 41518 Castle Street City Centre.
I'd like a booking there for two, at 11:45 wednesday.
Sure your table at Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant has been booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes, reference number 4ENY97QO. Can I assist you with anything else? 
I would need a taxi now
to what destination, what time do you need it?
I need a taxi to the restaurant.
What time do you need the taxi?
I need it by 11:45 please.
Will be be getting picked up from rosa's bed and breakfast?
Yes, please.  That is exactly what I need.
I have booked that taxi look for a white honda.  The contact number is 07902962429.
Thank you so much for your help.
You are more than welcome. May I help you with anything else?
I am looking for a moderately priced place to dine in the centre of Cambridge
Is there any specific type of food you are wanting?
I would like a polynesian restaurant, please.
Unfortunately there are no Polynesian restaurants located in Cambridge, were you wanting any other type of food?
Are there any Turkish restaurants?
I have 2 Turkish restaurants in the Centre, both are moderately priced. Anatolia and Efes Restaurant, would you like to book at either one of them?
Could you tell me more about their locations? Do they offer free parking?  How far are each of them from my hotel?
One is at 	30 Bridge Street City Centre, and the other is at King Street City Centre
Please book the one at 30 Bridge Street. Can you also give me the postcode and phone number?
That would be the anatolia restaurant. The postcode is cb21uj, phone 01223362372. How many are in your party and what day would you like the reservation?
I'll be dining Saturday at 7 pm, there are 3 in my party. Also, I need to know if there are any trains leaving Sunday going to Peterborough. 
Yes, there are plenty of trains leaving Cambridge going to Peterborough. What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave after 8:30 on Sunday.
Train TR8821 Departs Cambridge at 08:34, the cost is 13.2 pounds. Should I book it for you?
Real quickly, what is the travel time?
The travel time is 50 minutes. May I help you with anything else?
No, that was all the information I needed. Thank you very much. 
You are very welcome. I hope you have a wonderful day. 
Hello, I am new to town and would like some ideas on whee I should go in the centre.
There are 44 attractions you can view - is there a specific type of activity you're looking for?
No. Can you recommend a place I should go?
I can recommend the Vue Cinema at the grafton centre, east road. Would you like me to book tickets?
OK. What is the entrance fee?
I'm sorry, I don't have a listing of their entrance fee in my system.
Thanks, I'm also looking for an expensive danish restaurant in the centre of town.
I am sorry, I couldn't find such a restaurant. Would you like to change your preferences, perhaps a different type of cuisine?
I apologize, but can we go back to finding a place to go but I would like something preferably in the centre of town and how much it costs?
The Vue Cinema is in the centre, but the entry fee is not listed. Perhaps you'd prefer All Saint's Church, which is renowned for its Architecture, and offers free admittance?
No thank you. i'm looking for an indian restaurant
There are five Indian restaurants near the centre in the expensive price range. They are: curry garden, the golden curry, saffron brasserie, panahar, and curry king. 
Let's go with curry garden. I need the postcode, address, and phone number to that please.
Curry Garden is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre.  The postcode is cb21dp.  The phone number is 01223302330.
I also need a taxi from Vue Cinema to Curry Garden.  I need to leave Curry Garden by 14:45
I've booked your taxi - a grey toyota, contact number 07445683800 - but we should probably shore up the plans again. Is it Vue to Curry Garden or vice versa?
Vue to Curry. Thank you. 
I apologize for the confusion. Currently, the taxi is set to depart Vue Cinema at 14:45 to go to Curry Garden. Does this need to be changed?
No. That is what I need.  Thank you!
Great!  Thank you for confirming that.  Is there anything else I can do for you today?
This looks complete, thank you for your help!
You're welcome, have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Alright, how can I help you today?
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Afghan food in the centre.
There are no Afghan restaurants in the centre of town.
What about an international restaurant?
May I recommend the Bloomsbury restaurant in the moderate price range.
What's the postcode for that place?
cb23dt. What else may I help with?
I am looking for a train that will depart from Cambridge and will arrive to London Liverpool Street.
sure, what day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday after 08:30. 
train ID TR4187 leaves 13:59 and will cost 16:60 pounds. can i book for you?
No, thanks! But how long is the ride?
The train ride is 88 minutes long.
Thank you, that will be all.
You're welcome, have a good day.
Where in the Cambridge area is the Autumn House hotel?
The autumn house is in the east.
Thank you.  Can you give me the phone number?
Yes, absolutely! It is 01223575122. 
I am also looking to go out on a boat in the centre of town. Do you have any recommendations?
sure, you can choose from either scudamores punting co of the cambridge punter	
You pick one that you think best. Please give me the postcode and phone number please. 
cb41as, Cambridge Punter.  07807718591	
Thank you. That's all I need. Good-bye.
Have a nice day.  Good bye!
Hello I'll be coming to Cambridge and need a room to stay in. Can you recommend a guesthouse that has free parking? 
I have 21 guesthouses in cambridge.  What price range and what area were you looking for?
I don't have a price range in mind. But I would like a 4 star rating and somewhere that offers free parking. 
Ok, there are 16 hotels that meet that criteria. Is there a particular area of town you're interested in?
No I don't care which area it is in, just so it is a guesthouse with free parking and 4 stars. 
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a popular choice. It's inexpensive, but rated 4 stars, and offers both free parking and free wifi.
Can you book it for me?
which day would you like to book and for how long?
I need to book it on friday for 2 nights for 8 people. Could i please have the reference number?
Booking was successful, your reference number is : XV3JOKGD.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, please. I need to go to Birmingham New Street on Saturday, and I'd like to get there at or shortly before 18:15.
I think TR3735 would be acceptable.  It leaves Saturday at 15:01 and arrives in Birmingham New Street at 17:44.  It's 163 minutes of travel time. Should I book it?
That should work, yes please get me 8 tickets.
Okay the booking was successful and total cost is 480.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : GSCM7CWQ. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need today.  Thanks for the help!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
I am looking for a train going to Broxbourne.
Certainly. Where will you be departing from? 
I am leaving from Cambridge heading to Broxbourne. 
I have 133 trains fitting that criteria, what time would you like to leave at?
I'd like to leave after 10:30.
What day are you traveling? And is this a booking just for yourself?
I am leaving on Thursday and can you please give me the travel time and price?
Sure, train TR3262 is perfect and has a 60 minute travel time.  It costs 17.90 pounds.  Would you like me to book it?
That would be perfect, thank you.
I have you on that train and your reference number is U5N4FNSQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all for now.
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met?
Yes. Have a nice day.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a nice day!
Hey, when I was a kid my parents took me to a place called the cow pizza kitchen and bar. Is it still around?
It certainly is. It's located at Corn Exchange Street.
I need to book a table for 5 at 16:45 on wednesday.
Your table has been booked. Your reference number is JGNHU2IV. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Excellent, thank you for the assistance!
You're welcome, is there anything else I can help you with?
I was also wanting to get some help finding a train to get me to London Kings Cross. 
What day would you like your train to leave? Also what time, and where will you be departing from?
i want to leave on monday and arrive by 8
We have trains leaving before 8 every day this week, which day is preferred?
I would like to leave on Monday.
Ok, the TR228 will get you to london at 07:51. It leaves cambridge at 07:00. Can I book it for you?
Can you tell me the price?
The train is TR2289. The fare is 23.60 pounds. Do you need more information?
That was all I needed to know.  Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome, have a great day.
What Chinese restaurants are there in the center of town?
There are 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like a moderately priced one or an expensive one? We have a few cheap.
I'd like an expensive one please. 
I have found tang Chinese which is here in the centre.  Would you like to start a reservation?
Yes, please book a table for 4 people at 16:15 on Friday and send me the reference number once it is booked.
I've made your reservation at Tang Chinese for 4 at 16:15, reference #D6G7VSV0. Will that be all?
Actually I'd also like suggestions on areas to visit at the center of town
There's a church called all saints church you could visit, it's listed under architecture. 
Can I get the address and entrance fee.
The address is Jesus Lane, and there is no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes. Can you help me book a taxi so I can get to the restaurant on time.
Yes, I reserved a Red Tesla for you.  The contact number is 07612290033.  Is there anything else I can help with?
Will the Red Tesla get me to the restaurant for my 16:15 reservation?
Yes, your taxi will pick you up at all saints church and arrive at tang chinese by 16:15. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Ok sounds great. That's all I need. Thank You!
You are very welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a Belgian food restaurant in the centre. Can you help me?
There are no Belgian places in Centre at this time. Would you like to try a different cuisine or area?
Yes. Please try European food in the Centre.
we dont have a place that matches those qualities. can you try something else?
What restaurants are located in the centre?
There are many can I get a price range you are looking for?
I am not concerned with price.
Can I interest you in a moderately priced restaurant called Yippee Noodle Bar, an Asian Oriental restaurant in the city centre?
Yes that would be fine. Please make reservations for 8 people at 11:15 on wednesday. 
I have booked you for 8 people at 11:15 on Wednesday at Yippee Noodle Bar. Your reference number is: TCLMEX5I
I'm also wanting to stay at the Alpha-Milton Guest House.  Can you help with that?
Sure thing would you like a reservation?
Yes. Three nights, from Wednesday. 8 people. 
Good news, the booking of the hotel was successful, and the Reference number is : V3PB9S6V.
Thank you. I also need a taxi two commute between the hotel and restaurant.
Ok great and what time do you prefer?
I need to arrive at the restaurant in time for our reservation. Wouldn't want to miss my booked time.
Okay, was there a specific time you were looking for?
Our reservations are for 11:15.
I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07375849542 and it will be a grey Volvo. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That does it. Have a good night. Bye. 
Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
Can you please help me find a train? May I ask that it comes at 10:45 and leaves on a monday? Thankyou.
Yes, and what is your destination?
Norwhich, please. From Cambridge.
I'm sorry. The earliest train departs at 11:36 and arrives at 12:55. Would you like to book that train ?
Yes for one person please. i will need the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is I8HVTE6S. Will that be all?
I need a hotel room with i need free parking.
Great, I have many hotels with free parking. Do you have a particular area in mind?
Somewhere in the west please.
Okay and what is your price range?
I don't have a price range in mind.
I have the Cambridge Belfry which is cheap right on up to the Huntington Marriott Hotel which is expensive.  There is also another cheap and moderate choice if neither of those work.
Could you get me the postcode for the Cambridge Belfry?
I can. The postcode is cb236bw. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
that is all i needed for today thanks
You're welcome, have a great day
Can you tell me a good museum in town?
Sure, what part of town did you want to visit?
I'd like to visit something in the west part of town.
I'd recommend cafe jello gallery. Their phone number is 01223312112. Can I help you with anything else?
Could you provide me with the address and entrance fee?
It is free to enter and the address is 13 magdalene street. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a place to stay in the west area. It should be 4 stars and have free wifi.
If price is not an issue, I recommend the expensive Huntingdon Marriott hotel. If you want something cheaper, I recommend the Cambridge Belfry.
Can you book me a room at the Marriott for 3 nights starting Wednesday?
How many people do you need a room for?
1 person please.
You are set, you reference number is 2GPZ3DZ8. May I assist you with anything else today?
There's nothing else I need at this time. Thank you very much for your assistance!
I'm happy we could be of service. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a place to stay. It needs to be a guesthouse and include free wifi.
There are 23 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow your search by area and/or price range?
I would like for it to be cheap and include free parking.
There are nine guesthouse hotels in various areas. What part of town are you hoping for?
Nothing in particular. I just need it booked for 6 people for a total of 4 nights starting from sunday. I'd also like the reference number, please.
Sure! We will book you in a hotel with 4 stars.  The reservation will be for 6 people for 4 nights.  How many rooms would you like to reserve?
Well, for six people I suppose I will be needing three rooms, for four nights, starting Sunday. 
You're booked at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast, 517a coldham lane, for 6 people for four nights tarting Sunday. Your reference number is JXVKZ7KV.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a restaurant. Ideally an Italian place in the same price range in the centre.
I found Ask restaurant would you like to book that?
Is the name of the restaurant Ask restaurant? 
Yes, the restaurant is called Ask restaurant. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes. Book it for the same group of people on the same day at 18:45. Can I get the reference number please?
Great! Your booking for 6 people at the restaurant Ask on Sunday at 18:45 was successful! Your reference number is Y2Y8QYBY.
I am all set. Thank you. 
Thank you for using the Cambridge TowneInfo Help Desk!
Yes, I'd like to book a taxi please!
Could you tell me where you would like to go and be picked up from?
I'm going to downing college from broughton house gallery. I need it after 22:30.
I have booked your taxi, Booked car type black skoda, Contact number 07263905607. What else can I do for you today? 
That's all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a nice day! Goodbye!
Need a hotel, north side of town, and i want free wifi please.
There are a dozen to choose from; maybe we can narrow that down a little. Would you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
Let's go with a hotel. I would actually like it to have free internet and parking, if possible. 
Okay, that leaves two: Ashley Hotel or Lovell Lodge, both of which are moderately priced. Would you like to book at one of these?
please give me the star of the hotel, address, and phone number of Ashley hotel
Ashley hotel is rated 2 stars and is in the moderate price range. Their phone number is 01223350059 and address is 74 chesterton road.
Thank you, can you book me for that?
What dates are you interested in me booking?  And how many people will be staying at the Ashley?
Actually, lets hold off on booking the room for now.  But I do need to find a restaurant in the same area that is moderately priced.
There are two resturants in the area moderately priced, The golden wok and the Nirala. One is chinese and one is indian.
Either one is fine.  I'll have 8 people on Saturday at 19:45.
I was unable to book at either place, can I try anything else?
How about 18:45?
Good news, I was able to successfully book you at Golden Wok at 18:45 on Saturday for 8.  Your confirmation is T3VZI5TF. 
Thank you so much for the restaurant reservation and the confirmation code. 
Is there anything else I can assist you with today? 
No, that is all!  Thank you so much for all of your help.  Goodbye!
Enjoy your stay!
Good morning, I need help finding a restaurant that serves bistro in the moderate price range.
I couldn't find a restaurant with the attributes you are looking for. Would you like something else?
How about one with british food?
There are 5 restaurants serving british food. Do you have a preferred area?
I do not have a preferred area.  Which ones have a table available for 6 people at 12:30 on Tuesday?
Is there a price range you would prefer to stay within?
No I do not need to stay within a price.
I have Restaurant One Seven in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, please. 
The booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other preference? 
I just need a restaurant in the same area and has the same price range. 
Sure. I booked you a table in the oak bistro which is in the center part of the town. Your reservation number is CMJ6WM0Z.
Great, thanks for that. See you!
Sure, I'm here to help you. Bye!
I am looking for a hospital in town with a cardiology and coronary care unit.
Fortunately, our hostpital, Addenbrookes, does have a C&C department. Would like like to contact them?
Yes, I would like the address, postcode, and phone number.
I can help with that. The phone number is 01223245151. Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Road. The postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can provide?
Thank you, that is all I need.
You're welcome! And the phone number for the specific department you need is 01223256459. 
Thanks! I'm all set for today. You've been a great help. Goodbye!
No problem. Goodbye!
Hello, can you give me some information on a train?
I absolutely can. Where are you looking to go?
I plan to go to Cambridge and will be departing from norwich on Saturday and plan to ride a train that should arrive cambridge by 16:00.
Okay, there are several departure times that fit what you're looking for. The earliest is 5:16. Would you like me to book that for you?
Can you give me the travel time, departure time and train id for the one arriving closest to 16:00 please?
Train id is TR2602, travel time is 79 minutes and the price is 14.08 pounds. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a 4 star hotel in the expensive price range.
We have huntingdon marriott hotel in the west and university arms hotel in the centre, any preference?
It needs to have free parking.
They both have free parking. I'd recommend the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Can I book this for you?
I'm sorry, I actually need a guesthouse. 
Unfortunately, I don't have any matches in my system. Is there something else I can look for? 
How about one in the cheap price range?
There are several guesthouses in the cheap range all over town.  What area do you prefer?
I'm looking for a train that leaves on Wednesday from Stevenage. Can you help me locate one?
There is a train that leaves stevenage at 05:54 a.m on Wednesday and arrives in cambridge at 06:43 a.m.
That would work for me. 
Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, can you please and send me a reference number? Thank you
Okay, your ticket has been booked! Would you like the reference number? 
Yes I would please. Thanks.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : RD07CL03.
Could you give me the train ID, too?
The Train ID is TR9448. Is there anything else i can help you with today? 
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves modern eclectic food.
Unfortunately, there are no restaurants matching your query. Shall we try a different food type perhaps?
What about a Chinese Restaurant?
There are 10 in the area. Which price range would you like to narrow the results down to?
I'm not really concerned with price.  Which would you suggest?
I would recommend the rice house, would you like reservations?
I just need the address, price range, and the postcode.
Rice house is cheap. The postcode is cb12bd and address is 88 Mill Road City Centre. Anything more today?
Um are there any chinese places to eat in that area? I want to keep my options open.
The only one in the area is called Rice House. 
Cool, I will go with that, no need ot book a reservation, Ill do it later, that is everything.
Great! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can I get the address to the Rice House? 
Sure. The address is 88 Mill Road City Centre. Is that all for you today?
What is the price range on that? And also the post code?
Rice house is cheap. The post code is cb12bd. 
Thanks, I'm all set now. Have a good day!
You're welcome.  Have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Excellent! Do you need assistance with transportation arrangements?
No, but I do need some information on the Ruskin Gallery. 
its address is 	anglia ruskin university, east road and it has a free entry
what is their postcode and phone number?
Their postcode is cb11pt and phone number is 0124549131
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train leaving on wednesday and arrive at 12:00
Can you please tell me your departure and destination locations?
I will leaving Norwich and going to Cambridge.
The TR1180 will leave Norwich for Cambridge Wednesday at 09:16 and arrive at 10:35. The cost of the train is 17.60 lbs.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes, Can you please tell me the travel time?
the trip is 79 minutes long
Thank you. Will the train provide any snacks or a meal?
I am sorry but we are not given that information in our systems, you will have to ask when you arrive. 
Thank you so much!
you are so welcome
That is all I need today. thank you.
you are very welcome
Have a great day. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I am looking to eat at an expensively priced mexican place.  Can you help me?
There is one mexican restaurant in the expensive range, chiquito restaurant bar.  Would you like more information or a booking?
That sounds great!  I need to book for 3 people on Friday at 19:30.  I will need a reference number.
The booking was successful. Reference number is : GOJIRRQ4.
OK, thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I need a place to stay. It needs to be a hotel and doesn't not need to have free parking.
We have several hotels, including one in the South, the same area as the restaurant.  It is expensive, but we have others in other areas as well.
I need it to be cheap with free wifi. 
The cambridge belfry is a chear foru star hotel, would you like me to book you?
no, just get postcode, address, and star of the hotel.
it is 4 star and the address is back lane, cambourne, the post code is cb236bw. is there something else i could help you with?
Yes, I would like to book a taxi. 
Sure! What will be you departing and arriving destinations?
From the cambridge belfry to chiquito restaurant bar.  We won't be fit to drive!
Totally understand that. When would you like to arrive?
I would like to arrive before 19:30.
a yellow toyota will be picking you up and the contact number is 07656739082, anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for using our system today!
I need a to find a train departing from stansted airport going to cambridge.
Do you want the earliest train?
It needs to leave after 9:15
There are 105 trains making that trip do you have a day you need to travel?
I am looking to leave on Thursday. Can you also please give me the train ID for this trip?
TR0031 leaves at 9:24, would you like me to book it for you?
That might be cutting it a little close. Maybe one an hour later?
Okay I have a 10:24 that arrives at 10:52.
Can you give me the train ID for the 10:24?
Sure, the TR2635	train leaves at 10:24 and arrives at 10:52 with a travel time of 28 minutes. 
Thank you very much. I appreciate your help. 
Did you need anything else today, or may I close this conversation in our system?
That's all. Thank you.
Thank you, have a good day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay. I needs to have moderately priced rooms and reside somewhere in the east part of town.
There are 3 places that fit your needs. A and B Guest House, Carolina Bed and Breakfast and Warkworth House. Would you like to book with any of these?
Do any of those places have free wifi?
All three have WiFi. Can I book one for you?
Do all of them have free parking as well?
Both Warkworth House and Carolina Bed and Breakfast have parking available. Shall I make a booking?
Can you please book a one bedroom at Warkwoth house and I also am looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the same area.
What date, number of days, and number of people would you like to book at Warkworth house?
One person on Sunday at 17:00 please.
Before we make your restaurant reservation, let's take care of the hotel. What day are you arriving, how many nights are you staying, and how many people?
It's just me. I am arriving Sunday and staying one night. Can you provide the phone number for the restaurant?
The number for Rajmahal is 01223244955. 
I apologize. I seem to be a bit ahead of myself today. What kind of hotel was the Warkworth house? 
That was a guesthouse, all 3 options are guesthouses.
Is there one with free parking?
Yes, warkworth, has free parking!
Are there any Indian restaurants around that hotel?
Yes, there are 4 different Indian restaurants in that area.
Ok, of those 4 is there one that is moderate priced?
Curry Prince and Rajmahal are both moderately priced. Which one could you like?
The Rajmahal is fine. You said the phone number is 01223244955?
Yes, that's the correct number for the restaurant. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, you've been a great help.
My pleasure. Have a good day.
Thanks, you too.
You are welcome, goodbye!
I need to find an Italian restaurant please.
There are several Italian Restaurants. What area are you interested in?
I am so sorry, I would rather have gastropub food, moderately priced please.
Sure depending on whether you'd like to be in the center or not I do have one moderately priced gastropub called the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
Location is not a problem. Please book me a table for 2 at 1645, Wednesday. I'll probably need the reference number, too.
I was able to successfully book your table! Your reference number is V3PUMO0W. Can I help you with anything else?
I would also like to visit a college in the centre. 
How about Corpus Christi, on King's Parade? 
That sounds great, may I have the address?
The address is on King's Parade in the centre.  Do you know where that is?  I can give you directions or call you a taxi.
I do know where that is located.  Thanks for your help, goodbye!
You are welcome.  Good bye.
Hello, can you recommend a moderately-priced hotel in the North part of town, please?
There are two hotels available; the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Both offer internet and parking and are 2 star hotels. Do you have a preference?
Do you have any 3 star hotels available?
There are no matches, would you like to check other locations? 
There are no 3 star hotels in the north with a moderate price?
Unfortunately, no. I do happen to have 2 guesthouses though. Both are moderate pricing and 3 stars. Are you interested in one of those?
Yes, please. Can I get a room for 4 people? We'll arrive on Wednesday and stay 5 nights.
Done! You have a reservation at the Alpha-Milton Guest House. Your reference number is 9SA494XR. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks for recommending the Guest House. I am also looking for some town nightlife, especially a nightclub.
We have 6 nightclubs in town. Would you prefer to visit the centre or the south?
I have no preference.  Can you suggest one and give me their postcode and phone number? 
The soul tree nightclub is quite lively. Their postcode is cb23qf and their phone number is 01223477900.
Great, thank you! That's all for today! Bye bye!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day! 
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the south part of town.
Peking restaurant is expensive and in the south part of town.
Actually, I'm trying to find a restaurant with Italian food. Is there any place like that that has the same requirements?
frankie and bennys	is an italian food restaurant in the expensive price rang and the south part of town.
What is its postcode and address?
Sure. Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and their postcode is cb17dy. Would you like their telephone number as well?
no, thanks
Would you like any more information about the restaurant or assistance in booking a reservation?
No. I'm looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on friday.
There are 202 entries found. Where are you headed to?
I'm headed to norwich and need to be there by 8:30. Can I get the train ID and it's travel time?
There are 2 trains available. One departs at 05:36 and the other departs at 06:36. Do you have a preferred departure time?
Give me the train ID and travel time for the train the departs at 05:36.
The train ID is TR2534. Would you like to book this train?
Yes please. 
Okay, how many tickets would you like?
Actually, I don't need to book the train at this time. Thank you for your help!
You're Welcome! Anything else I can help you with?
That is all thank you.
I'm happy to have been of help. Have a wonderful day!
I'm at Jesus College and I need at taxi to arrive by 18:00.
Sure! Where are you coming from?
Leaving Jesus college. 
Can you let me know where you are going to?
The next stop on my list is scott polar museum.
I've booked you a taxi. It will be a grey toyota, contact number is 07760280827.
Thank you goodbye
You are welcome, thanks for contacting us!
I need a room. 
I would love to help! Which part of town would you like?
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the moderate price range that includes free parking.
There are 12 guest houses that fit that criteria. Is there an area of the city you would like to stay in?
No specifics on area.
You might enjoy the Acorn guest house. It's rated 4 stars, and offers free wifi as well as free parking.
Could I book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting Friday? 
OK, I have your party in the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is: V4CGYNW3. Anything else I can do for you?
Thank you. Yes, I need a train leaving Cambridge to go to Stevenage. 
I have 2,828 trains available, what day would you like the train?
I'd like to leave on tuesday after 21:15 and arrive at stevenage.
I have train TR7822 that leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and gets to stevenage at 22:10, resulting in a 49 minute train ride. It costs 12.80 pounds.
That sounds good.  That was all I needed.  Thank you.  
Should I make reservations?
Yes, please I need the train I.D also
How many train tickets do you need?
Booking is not necessary, I just need the train ID
Ok, is there anything else that I can assist with?
thats it, just the train i.d
The train ID is TR7822 as mentioned previously. Anything else I can do for you?
Nah, that's pretty much it. Thanks.
Great, have a great day! 
I am looking for a place to dine that serves Sri Lankan food in the moderate price range. 
There are no Sri Lankan restaurants available. Would you like to try something else?
Could you check again in the centre of town?
I am sorry again there are no matches for that type of food.  Would you like to try another type of food or price range?
Yes could you search for italian food instead?
I have 2 listings one for pizza express and pizza express Fen Ditton. One of these sound good to you?
Great.  Can you reserve a table for 5 at Fen Ditton?  Sunday at 12:00 would be great.
Sure I booked your table at Pizza Express Fen Ditton at 12:00 on Sunday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is OLEZKDIT.
Thank you! also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should have a star of 5.
I'm not showing any 5 star hotels.  Is 4 star ok?
Well then yes, 3 stars would be OK.
Would you prefer a 3 star hotel in the south or centre area?
Area doesn't matter. You can recommend the one you like best, and then please book it for 5 people and 2 nights starting sunday. 
I recommend the gonville hotel. I booked that for you as requested, and the reference number is 8ZO3CLGC. Anything else?
That is all, thank you for your help.
You are welcome enjoy.
I need to find a restaurant in Cambridge called the Golden Wok please. 
I have found a Golden Wok at 191 Histon Road Chesterton.
Great, can you please book a table for 2 at 19:30 on Monday?
Yes, I will book your table for 2 at the Golden Wok on Monday at 19:30, would you like a reference number? 
Great, thank you, yes I would like a reference number. If the booking fails, I would like to try for 18:30 instead. 
I was able to book a reservation for 18:30 on Monday. Your reference number is YT9NB9YW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need a train for Tuesday that arrives by 19:15.
Where do you need this train to pick you up?
I'll be going from cambridge to broxbourne.
I have 14 trains that match your preferences, leaving one minute after the hour every hour starting at 05:01 and ending at 18:01.  Which train would you like to book?
I need on that arrives by 19:15 please 
The TR7656 leaves at 09:01 and arrives by 10:01. Is that okay?
Yes that should be fine, thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I need the travel time and departure time of the train.
The train departs Cambridge at 09:01 and the travel time is 60 minutes.  Your train will arrive in Broxbourne at 10:01.  Can I help you with anything else?
Actually, could you check to see if there is a train that will arrive by 19:15 rather than 10:01. I'd really prefer the earlier arrival.
10:01 is 9 hours,14 minutes before 19:15, so it's definitely an earlier train. If you would like to arrive closer to 19:15, though, there is a train that arrives at 19:01.
I think that could be okay
TR5484 is the train that arrives by 19:01. Would you like to book it?
No thank you. I just need the the departure time and the travel time, please.
TR 5484 departs Cambridge at 18:01 and take 60 minutes to get to Broxbourne.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else you need?
No, I think that covers everything. Thanks for all of your help.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
We want to find a restaurant that serves unusual food.
Do you have a particular type of food you'd like to try?
No, just please make sure the food's unusual, located in the north and expensive.  
Saigon city serves Asian oriental in the north part of town.
That's pretty offensive to call Asian oriental unusual. I'm looking for a restaurant that serves food labelled as unusual. 
I have no restaurants that list there food as unusual, do you have any other preferences?
Ok, how about Chinese food? Still expensive and in the north please.
yes, there's a place called the hotpot
Let me have a reservation at Hotpot on Friday, thank you.
Ok, how many people and what time?
7 people at 19:45 on friday. 
I was able to make a booking for the hotpot. You reservation number is 55CAP7FC.
Awesome. Now can you tell me if there is a swimming pool nearby the restaurant? I love to swim after egg rolls!
There are two in the north; Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool.  Would you like the location of either of those?
Can you pick the best swimming pool and get me the postcode and phone number please?
I'm going to recommend the kings hedges learner pool located at jedburgh court, kings hedges the post code is cb42xh. The phone number is 01223353248.
I also need to book a taxi between the hotel and restaurant. I need to arrive by 19:45.
What time do you need to leave by?
I just need it to arrive by the time the restaurant was booked. 
How many people are traveling?
7 people for the taxi. 
Ok, you are booked for a 19:45 arrival time, the taxi is a white audi. Is there anything else?
Can I get the contact number for the taxi as well, please?
Contact number is 07625009528 Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. 
Have a nice day.
Can you help me look up a particular hotel that I have in mind?
I am happy to help, what was the name of the place?
Its the huntingdon marriot. I'd like to book it for 8 people on 2 nights starting on wednesday, and I'll need a reference number.
Your booking was successful reference number is 1QVLVD25
Great, thanks for that. I'm also looking for information about a restaurant called mahal of cambridge. 
Okay, the Mahal of Cambridge serves indian food and is located in the centre. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes please book a table on Wednesday for 8 people at 17:15, I'll need a reference number. 
I was able to book it, reference number is T2SNWPJA
Thank you. That's all I need. 
It was my pleasure to help. Have a wonderful night. Take care. Bye. 
I'm looking for a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should go to broxbourne
What day are you traveling?
I'm traveling on tuesday and I want to arrive by 16:15
TR6357 leaves at 05:01 and arrives at 06:01.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, but I do need the price.
Alright. The price for TR 6357 is 17.90 pounds. Anything else?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks!
I hope you have a wonderful day - goodbye!
I am looking for a guesthouse to stay at in the moderate price range.
How about the a and b guest house? 
Does it have free parking?
No, it does not offer that. Would you like something that does?
Yes.  I need free parking, and I prefer the southern part of town. 
ok, I have a couple that meet that criteria. Would you like 3 or 4 stars?
I have no preferences. You can just pick one. I'd like it for 7 people for 5 nights starting from saturday. 
This is unavailable would you like to book a shorter stay or a different day?
How about 3 nights for the same day and number of people?
Great! You're booked for 3 nights at Bridge Guest House with reference number AH7L4RXZ. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need a train out of Peterborough into Cambridge, please. 
When do you need that train?
I need it for Saturday and I want to arrive by 18:15.
TR4494 will depart at 17:19 on saturday and arrive by 18:09. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Can you book 7 tickets on that train? I'd like a reference number if possible.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 92.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8JPQ3AQT.
Great!  You have helped me tremendously.  I don't need anything else.  Thank you!
Let us know if you need anything else. Good bye. 
Last time i was in Cambridge there was a restaurant with the strange name of "ask" is that placed still around and if so, can I have info on it?
sure, their phone number is 01223364917 and the address is 12 Bridge Street City Centre	
Can you help me book a table for wednesday?
Sure, what time on wednesday?
I'll be dining alone at 15:45 on Wednesday.
I have made a reservation for 1 on wednesday. Your reference number is 36A96Z3Z.
And now I need a train leaving friday to leicester. 
Could you tell me where you are departing from, and the time you want to leave and or arrive by?
Yes, I am leaving from Cambridge and I would like to arrive by 21:30. Thanks
Train TR1233 arrives at 21:06. Can I book it for you or answer any questions?
Will you please book me one ticket?
Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8UKGS1OT.
Thank you for your quick response to my inquiries. That's all for today. Goodbye.
You are very welcome.  Have a wonderful day and goodbye.
Can you help me find a train leaving tuesday going to cambridge?
I can help you get set up, where will you be coming from?
I am leaving from Peterborough  after 12:30.
There are 23 results. Would you like to arrive by a certain time?
depart from peterborough and should leave after 12:30, can you book it and I need travel time and price
There is a train that leaves at 12:48 and arrives at 13:38 and costs 16.50 pounds.  Would you like me to book that?
No need for a booking. I do need a total travel time, however.
Sure the travel will take 50 minutes. 
Great, I also need an idea of hotels that are moderately priced in the west. 
Hobsons House is a 3 star guesthouse and offers free internet and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Not as of now, I am just gathering information.  
Hobsons House is the only place matching your criteria in the west. Do you want information for another part of town?
That sounds great. I would like to book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting from Tuesday.
You are all set the reference number is N1YFWYG1 can I help with anythng else?
that is it for now. thanks for helping
You're welcome.  Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
Hello, I need to find a place to stay for the night. I'd rather be in the north than the city centre, and I'm willing to pay a moderate sum. 
I have several guesthouses available. Would the acorn guest house work for you? 
Does that have free wifi?
Yes, they offer free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room? 
Could I please have the address? 
Sure. Acorn Guest House is on 154 Chesterton Road. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a moderate place to eat, same area as my hotel. 
There is a Chinese restaurant, as well as an Indian restaurant, in that area.  Which do you prefer?
Can I have the address for the Chinese place?
The address for the Golden Wok Chinese restaurant is 191 Histon Road Chesterton.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I have the address for the Indian restaurant?
The address for the Indian restaurant is 7 Milton Road Chesterton. Do you need anything else?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you for all your help!
You're welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking for boat attractions in the centre area of town.
There are 2 boat attractions named "scudamores punting co" and "the cambridge punter."
Let's go with the cambridge punter. May I get the phone number to that please?
The phone number to the cambridge punter is 07807718591. Do you have any other questions about this location?
I am also looking for a train leaving from leicester to cambridge.
There are over 100 trains from which to choose. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 08:30 and want to leave on Sunday. Can you help me with that please.
There is a train arriving at 06:54 and one at 07:54. Which would you prefer?
The 7:54. May I please have the train ID and departure time?
TR0466 leaves at 06:09.
Great, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
I'm happy I could help you today. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant can you help?
There are many different kinds of restaurants to try out, what kind of food do you like?
I would like indian food please. I need it to be cheaply priced as well. 
There are 4 restaurants that meet your criteria. Three are in the centre of town, and one is in the north. Do you prefer the north or the centre? 
Can you book me a table for 5 at 16:30 on Wednesday , we can try the one in the North and see if anything is available.
I've made reservations at the royal spice and your reference number is BIXL9FWH. 
Thanks.  I also wanted to find a museum to visit in the centre area.  
Okay, how about the Castle Galleries?
Sounds great! Do they have an entrance fee?
You are in luck, Castle Galleries is free!  No fee to get in!
Excellent! What is the address?
unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street	
Thanks! You've helped so much. Have a good day. Bye. 
Thanks for using our service today!
I need to find out about guesthouses in the north part of the city.
I can help with that.  What price range were you looking for?
As long as it is 4 star, I'm not really worried about the price.
There are about 8 different ones. Most of them offer both free parking and wifi. I can recommend one if you like. 
I would like free wifi. Could you find me rooms at one, four nights for 2 people, beginning Saturday?
Reference number is : DPFNET0I. is there anything else I could help with ?
Yes, I'm also looking for a North African restaurant.
I don't have a North African restaurant right now, is there another cuisine that appeals to you?
no i cant change the type of food
Is there anything else I can help you with at this time?
are there any expensive restaurants? in the same area as the hotel?
What kind of cuisine do you want?
I'm fine with anything as long as it's expensive and near the hotel area. 
There are 5 results for expensive restaurants in the north, would you like to make a reservation? The choices are Chinese, European, French or Asian oriental.
Let's do chinese food, please.
How about The Hotpot chinese restaurant?  It meets all of your criteria.
Sounds great. Could I please book a table for the same group of people at 19:45?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 05JKM1ZF.
Thank you. Goodbye
Thanks for using our services, enjoy your day.
I want to find a brazilian restaurant that is cheap. 
I'm very sorry, there are no results for cheap Brazilian restaurants. Would you like to try for a different type of cuisine?
Do you have any restaurants in the centre?
I have 5 different cheap restaurants in the centre. Three are chinese restaurants, and the other two serve asian oriental. Do you have a preference? 
How about a Italian restaurant located in the centre
There are three in that area. Pizza Hut City Centre, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Is there any more information you'd like about any of them?
No, which one would you recommend?
I've heard that Ask is one of the best in town. Can I reserve you a table there? 
Book a table for 1 on friday at 19:45 please. I'll need to have the reference number.
Your reference number is JDBOODV3. 
Excellent. I'm also looking for the allenbell hotel. Do they have free parking and what type of hotel are they?
They are a guesthouse hotel with parking. Want to book?
Yes, I need the room for one guest only. Thank you.
I have booked allenbell guesthouse for 1 person.  You didn't mention how many days, but that can be taken care of there.  You're all set!
Alright. Thanks for the help.
You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
Could you help me find a place to stay with free parking and free wifi?
I love the acorn guest house.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me a little bit about the Acorn first?
It is a guesthouse located in the north, at a moderate price range. It is rated 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
No, I don't really like the north side - do you have any guesthouses in the east with free parking and wifi?
What kind of price would you like to pay?  I have 5 available with cheap to moderate for price ranges.
I will take a cheaper one please. 
The allenbell guesthouse have everything you are looking for. It is within your price range, on the east side with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I would need 5 people for 5 nights starting thursday, can they accommodate me?
They can accommodate you! Here is your reference number BS2C1Q5X. Is there anything else I can do to help you?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge from Stansted Airport on Thursday. I would need to arrive by 14:00.
TR3637 will arrive at 13:52 would that work?
Yes, that's wonderful! I need 5 tickets please. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : D7VF1LOX.
Great that's all I needed today thank you.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the west part of town
Okay I have found 2 restaurants. One is in the moderate price range and one is in the cheap price range. 
I want the cheap one please
La Margherita fits the bill.  Great place.  Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, Please. I'd like it for 3 people at 6:45pm on Saturday.
That booking was successful. Your reference number is 3LWL9XAA.
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.
Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy your meal!
Can you found me a swimming pool in the south part of town?
Unfortunately I was unable to find a pool at the south part of town, however we have some north east and at the centre
What about a type of park?
There are five, including wandlebury country park in the south.
Wandlebury country park is fine. Can I get the entrance fee?
Actually, they have free entrance. They are located at Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham. Their phone number is 01223243830. Their postcode is cb223ae. 
Thanks for the info. I will give them a call.
You're welcome. Can I help you find anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you!
You're welcome, have a nice day!
I need to book a taxi to come to Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge to take me to The Oak Bistro.
Okay, what time do you want to leave by?
I want to leave by 07:30.
 Booking completed! Booked car type	:	blue audi Contact number	:	07384266453 
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel that offers free wifi. Do you have any of those?
I have several options that meet your criteria. One is in the centre with 0 stars, two in the north with 2 stars.
I am sorry I am actually looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking. Is there any available?
I have not hotels matching your criteria.
Can you locate me a 3 star hotel with parking.
I'm sorry, but I am still not pulling any matches up. 
Could you check again? A moderate priced, 4 star hotel or guesthouse, that offers free wifi and parking.
none in our list. can you change location?
Are there any 4 star hotels or guesthouses with free parking and wifi in a different price range?
the university arms hotel is located on regent street and is expensive.
Okay. That will work. I'll need to book it for Thursday, 3 nights, and 7 people. 
I have booked the University Arms Hotel for you for Thursday, 3 nights, and 7 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
please give me the reference number for the hotel
I will get that for you 
I'd like some help picking out a restaurant.
Do you have a food preference? 
I am looking for something that serves british food in the centre of town. 
i got quite a number. can you state your price preference?
I would like to dine somewhere that is expensive. 
Fitzbillies Restaurant is in the expensive price range.  Would you like me to book a table?
Could i get their phone number please?
yes, their phone number is 01223352500
Thanks! I'm also looking for something fun to do close to the restaurant. What's around there?
There are a lot of choices, depending on your interests. The Soul Tree Nightclub, for example, or the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. What sort of thing were you looking for?
any should be OK. please get me the entrance fee and address.I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places. 
The address of the Soul Tree Nightclub is 1-6 Corn Exchange Street, and the entrance fee is 4 pounds. Shall I organize the taxi to that address?
Yes but I need to leave the Night club by 1:45 and go to Fitzbillies restaurant. I'll need the contact number and car type as well.
Ok, I've got you a red lexus, contact number 07216817086 Can I help with anythign else today? 
Thank you, thatll be all for now.
You're welcome. If you need anything else, let us know.
Yes, I am looking for a molecular gastronomy restaurant in the centre.
I am sorry. There are not matches. Would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
Do you have any molecular gastronomy restaurants at all?
I'm afraid not, none in Cambridge. Would you like a different cuisine?
How about an expensive thai restaurant?
There is one in the West part of town, and one in the Centre part of town. Which area do you prefer?
I would prefer one in the Centre part of town, do they have openings for tonight?
Bangkok City is a Thai restaurant that would meet your needs.
Great! Can I have the address and phone number please?
Yes, the address is 24 Green Street City Centre and phone number is 01223354382.
Can you help me with attractions? I'd like a place to go in the same part of town as the restaurant.
We have 44 attraction in the centre area, and specific type in mind?
I have no strong preference. Please suggest something fun.
Club Salsa is a night club if you like dancing.
Okay. Can you tell me the address and phone number please
The phone number is 07782218745 and the address is 1 station road.
I need to book a taxi to pick me up at Bangkok City and bring me to Club Salsa.
Do you have a time you are needing to arrive by?
Yes, I need to be at the restaurant by 12:30.
grey volvo Contact number	:	07314372460 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for now. Thank you
Have a great night. Enjoy your trip. 
I need to book a train to Cambridge
there a re  2,828  trains available, would you kindly narrow down your specifications 
I am looking for a train that leaves Norwich on Friday and arrives in Cambridge by 14:30.
Sure, how about the TR8151 which gets into Cambridge at 13:35?
Thank you. That is all I needed today. 
You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.
Actually, I'm looking for an expensive hotel in the south with free parking.
the lensfield hotel suits your request. Can I help you to make a reservation?
no i dont need to book it now. Just let me know their address and phone number please.
sure thing. it is at 53-57 lensfield road, phone number 01223355017.
That's all, thank you a lot.
It's my pleasure to serve you. Have a good time!
Can you give me some information on the Avalon Hotel? 
I'd be happy to. The Avalon is a guesthouse located on the north side. It's moderately priced, has 4-stars and offers free wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Not at the moment, can I have their phone number?
Certainly, the phone number is 01223353071. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that covers it.  Thanks!
Great! Have a wonderful day! Goodbye! 
I would like to book a reservation at an indian restaurant in the expensive price range
You can try taj tandoori in the west.  Need a reservation?
No, I'm sorry that one won't work, are there any in the south?
There is a location also on the south.
Can you book a table for 1 at 14:15 on Sunday?
Booking was successful at taj tandoori The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is : BNF7N69I.  Do you need any further assistance?
No thank you.  That is all I needed.
Have a nice day and thank you for contacting us.
Can you help me find a place to stay in the east?  It does not need to include internet.
Okay! What is the price range that you would like?
Price isn't an issue for me, but the hotel should be four stars
a and b guest house is a nice option
nice! does it have free wifi?
Yes it certainly does.
That's great, can you make a booking for?
Sure!  How many people for your stay, when would you like to start your stay, and how long would you like to stay for?
I will be arriving Friday and I need it for 2 nights for 1 person.
I booked you a room at a and b guest house for Friday. Your reference is 2WB08P38. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you and yes. I'd like a train from Cambridge to Leicester for Sunday. 
There are several trains matching your criteria. Is there a specific time you would like to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 20:15, please.
TR9187 arrives by 08:06. will that be fine with you?
What time does it leave, and how long is the ride?
The train leaves at 6:21 and the duration is 105 minutes.
Thank you. That is all for today.
Great. I hope you have a lovely day.
I need a four star room, free wifi too, 
There are 21 hotels that meet that criteria. What area of the city would you like to stay in?
Any area is fine. However, I do require free parking and in a cheap price range, please.
The Autumn House would be perfect for you. It is a 4 star guesthouse on the east end of town. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes, I would like a reservation for 7 people for 3 nights starting Sunday please.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another option?
Okay, how about a different place to stay that's cheap?
I booked the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for you.  Your reference number is TQ7XK6MP for your arrival on Sunday. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that would be all. Thanks!
Would you like for me to book reservations for restaurants and museums?
I need a train departing from Stansted Airport on Friday.
Sure. Where are you traveling too and what time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 9:15.
I have 4 trains that will arrive by 9:15 in Cambridge. What time would you like to depart Stansted Airport?
No preference on departure time, but I will need to book for 5 people.
Reference number is : 1LD6SOW1. Anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a college to visit in the centre of town. 
There are several colleges in the centre.  May I suggest christ's college or downing college, both have free entrance fees.
what's the entrance fee for christ's college?
The admission is free. 
Ok, thanks. Can I get the phone number and postcode as well?
Post code is cb23bu and phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything thank you.
It was my pleasure to help. Have a good day. 
I'm looking for cheap eats in the centre.
Yes I have many Chinese and Asian restaurants as well as Spanish, Portuguese and Indian cuisines matching your price requirements. Any preference?
I am interested in Chinese food.
I found three Chinese restaurants in the centre: Charlie Chan, Rice House and Golden House. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, please! Can I have a table for 1 at Charlie Chan on Sunday at 14:15?
Sure thing your reference number is D3A1XJL7. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been very helpful. Have a good day.
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I want to get a train that is leaving after 18:15.
What area would you like to catch a train and what day would you like to leave?
I need to go from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Tuesday.
There is a train leaving at 19:00 and arriving at kings cross at 19:51 would you like me to book it for you? 
How much is it?
It's 23.60 pounds. 
Ok. I also want to book an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town.
I just want to make sure you didn't want me to book that train for you?  And what type of food are you looking for?
I just needed the price and arrival time. Food wise, anything will do, I'm not a picky eater
Then how about bedouin an african restaurant on 100 Mill Road City Centre?
That sounds great. is it expensive?
yes, it's an expensive restaurant.
Great.  Thanks for your assistance today!
You're very welcome. have a good visit.
Hello, I was wondering if there are any multiple sports attractions in the center of town.
There is none. Is there anything else you'd like to see?
How about college attractions?
Yes I have many famous colleges to visit and most of them are free. Would you like anything else?
Which one would you recommend?
Christ college. What would you like to know?
May I have the address?
Absolutely! The address is saint andrew's street. Postal code is cb23bu. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I was also hoping to find a train to Cambridge from Petersborough.  
Certainly! There are many trains from peterborough to cambridge. What day would you like to travel, and do you have a departure or an arrival time preference?
I would like to leave on Wednesday and I'd like to arrive by 08:45 if possible.
The TR8935 arrives at Cambridge at 8:09. Would you like me to book it for you or would you like more information?
Yes please. Please book for 2 people and can I get the reference number after you book?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is : 6256YEXK. Can I help with anything else today?
I think that's all I need.  Thank you for your help.
I'm glad I could help.
I am trying to find when the train is leaving Sunday Cambridge can you help me?
Ok, and where are you heading to? 
I am heading to Ely.
What time do you want to arrive by?
Oh, not Ely, sorry.  I need to leave after 16:00 going to London Liverpool Street.
The earlest I have leaving is train TR7713 at 19:27,will this be okay for you?
That is good, I also need a place to stay with a cheap price and free parking.  
I have several hotels in your price range with free parking, what area would you like?
A guesthouse in the east, please
There are nine I recommend allenbell it's a 4 star guesthouse. Would you like the address and phone number or me to book it for you? 
Can you give me the phone number and postcode please?
Yes, I am waiting for my system to load I will have that for you shortly. 
Um, ok. Are you read to give me that information now? 
01223210353 is the phone number. The postcode is cb13js. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need from you today, Thanks a bunch!
Thank you. Feel free to call back if you need assistance.
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant where I can eat african food.
I would recommend the Bedouin at 100 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, a table for two at 5:00. Thanks!
Which day would you like that for?
I would prefer Sunday at 15:30.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : NUW9RNII.
I also need a train from Kings Lynn on Sunday.
What time would you like to travel?
I'd like to arrive by 12:00.
TR7763 arrives 11:58 and will cost you 7.84 pounds. can we book?
Yes that sounds perfect!
How many tickets will you need?
Actually I'm sorry I don't need it booked right now. May I get travel time, and departure time? 
Of course. TR7763 leaves Kings Lynn on Sunday at 11:11. The duration of the trip will be 47 minutes with arrival in Cambridge at 11:58.
Thank you very much. That is all for now.
Are you sure I can't help you find some attractions while in town?
Actually, I need a table for 5, not 2, sorry about that.
Okay, we've made the change from 2 to 5. The reference number is 5A2M3RB9. Can I help with anything else?
No that's all I need. Thank you for the help!
excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town. 
There are three, moderately priced restaurants in the west part of town. Do you have a preference of cuisine?
No, i dont care about the cuisine.
meghna is a restaurant  in the west part of town and moderately priced. would you like their phone number and address?
I need the address.
meghna is located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.  Can I help you with anything else? 
no. thank you 
Goodbye
I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north.
What price range would you like? Would you need free internet or parking?
I'd like a guesthouse in the north, I don't care about the parking. Price is no issue.
The acorn guest house is in the north in the moderate price range and has a 4 star rating. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, I would like to book it for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Friday. Can you give me a reference number?
Sure!  The reservation is set.  Your reference number is EOPOKFF6.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a train.
Where are you leaving from and going to?
 I'm going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street on Wednesday. 
There are 19 trains on Wednesday. When would you like to depart?
at 5:15 would be a good time thank you 
There are no trains leaving at 5:15. The TR0115 leaves at 5:01. Would you like to book it?
I'm looking for some hungarian food restaurants near the centre, please.
I am sorry there are no Hungarian Restaurants near centre. 
What kind of expensive restaurants are in the center of town?
Unfortunately there aren't any Hungarian places. Do you want to try other cuisine types?
yes let me see the options
There is a variety of choices; Chinese, African, British, Italian, American, Gastro Pub, etc...  Do you have a preference?
i want indian food.
Curry Garden is a nice place would you like that info ?
Yes can I get a address and phone number please?
Certainly, the phone number for the Curry Garden restaurant is 01223302330 and the address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes I am also looking for a place in the same area as the restaurant with free parking.I want it for 3 people for 5 nights starting Tuesday.
Would you like something cheap, moderate, or expensive?
That doesn't matter just a hotel in the same area with free parking.
There are two options here. Both are expensive. I recommend gonville hotel.
That would be great. Can you book it on Tuesday for 3 people and 5 nights.
Booking was successful, and your reference number is O4HVZDCW. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Perfect, thank you for all your help. That is all for now.
Thank you for using our services.
I am planning my trip to Cambridge and am trying to find European food, can you help me?
You should go to the Centre. There are a few European places there.
Can you help me narrow that down a little?  Can you provide the name of an expensive European restaurant that is in the Centre?
I have three. European and modern European. Which do you prefer?
The first one sounds good. Can you book a table for 5  on thursday at 11:00?
You're all set! Your reference number is 57618WIH. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I will need a train from Cambridge to Stevenage.  Can you help me with that also?
I'll be glad to look up that information, what day will you be traveling?
On Friday and I'll be leaving after 11:30
The TR7852 leaves at 13:21 and arrives at 14;10. It is 12.80 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Yes please and then provide me with the reference number.
For how many tickets?
I need 5 tickets please. 
I have made those reservations and your reference number is 3UAYAFCV.
Thank you very much for your time.  Bye!
Goodbye. Have a great time!
Hi.  Is there a hotel named Home from Home?  I think I have heard of that.
Home from Home is a 4 star guesthouse on the north side. 
All right, could you book a room for me? There will be 8 people for 4 nights, arriving Monday. 
I'm afraid they can't handle that booking. Perhaps another day or a shorter stay?
Sure. I could stay for 1 night.
I was able to book for one night. The reference number is MCS16KSP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
I want to visit a restaurant that would be popular with college students and located near the center of town; can you make a recommendation?
What type of food would you be interested in?
Actually, I want to visit a college. Somewhere in the centre.
I would suggest downing college, would you like the address?
Yes, that would be great. Can you also give me the entrance fee and postcode for that college?
The address is regent street and there is no entry fee.
Thank you. Do you have the postcode, please?
The postcode for Downing College is cb21dq. Anything else I have help you with?
Yes, I need a place to eat in that area. I want Italian food.
I would suggest pizza express. 
Can you check if they would have a table for 7 at 17:45 on Sunday?
Yes, they had a table available and I went ahead and booked it for you. Your reference number is HXSPEY9N. What else can I do for you? 
I'll need a taxi to get me from downing college to pizza express by 17:45. can you set that up for me?
I can do that for you!  I have your taxi booked.  Anything else?
Would you know what type of car will pick me up? May I please have a contact number for the taxi?
Booked car type red volkswagen  Contact number 07633256482 
Thank you! That is all that I need.
Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
Can you help me get train tickets leaving london kings cross arriving by 18:30?
What day would you like to travel?
On Thursday please. 
TR5219 is leaving London Kings Cross at 05:17 and arriving by 06:08 at cambridge on friday
Can you tell me the price and travel time of that?
I'm sorry about the misinformation. The TR2775 leaves on Thursday like you want. The price is 23.60 and the travel time is 51 minutes. 
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to eat, called graffiti. 
I have that, what would you like to know and would you like to book it?
I would like to make a booking for 1 people at 21:00 on the same day.
I'm sorry, they were not able to accommodate that request. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 20:00 instead? 
I'm sorry, but that booking is also unavailable.  Is there a different day or time I can check for you?  Maybe earlier in the evening?
If 21:00 and 20:00 are not available, I guess I am not interested in booking anything.  Can you check one more time for 20:00?
It was still unsuccessful. I am sorry. Any other times you would like me  to check?
No, unfortunately I need either 21:00 or 20:00. Thank you for checking.
I tried again, but there may be some technical difficulty.None of the reservations I've tried are working. I tried for every time between your requests. Can I help with anything else?
No, but I appreciate the help.
I hope you have a lovely day.
Thanks so much, but I just realized I am missing a crucial bit of info. What is the departure time on my train, please? The corrected train, that is.
I don't believe we were able to complete a reservation. Would you like to try again?
Yes, a train to Cambridge from london kings cross on Thursday by 18:30. If you can get a table for 1 at Graffiti that day at 20:00 or 21:00 too, great.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 47.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : R8P7XT7B.
That's all I need. Thanks.
OK. I'm sorry I wasn't able to get you into the restaurant you wanted. Your train TR2512 is leaving at 13:17. Let me know if you ever need anything else.
I am looking for a cheap hotel with free wifi
Sure, we have many. Do you have a specific area you want to stay in?
I want a guesthouse, but don't really care what area it is in.
Okay, there are 9 cheap guesthouses. Do you prefer it to have free parking?
Don't particularly care about parking but if you can narrow it down to just the 4 star ones I would appreciate it.
May I suggest the 4 star, cheap range guesthouse called Finches Bed and Breakfast at 144 Thornton Road, CB30ND.  May I make a reservation?
I guess that would be okay
OK, if you would like me to book a room, I'll need the number of people, the number of nights you're staying, and your arrival day.
I don't need you to book it. Can you just provide me with the address and area.
Finches is in the west, at 144 thornton road. Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you for your help.
Glad I could help. Let us know if you need help in the future. Have a great day!!
I sure will and you have a great day too.
Glad to help! Have a lovely day.
Can you find me a boat attraction in the north? 
Riverboat georgina	is available in the north.
Ok, great. Can you provide me with their address and phone number?
Address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house and the phone number is 01223902091.
Ok, I'm also looking for an inexpensive restaurant. One with Indian food.
I don't have any Indian restaurants in the South, but I do have 4 inexpensive Indian restaurants elsewhere - 3 in the centre and 1 in the north.
Can I get more information about the one in the north? 
Royal Spice is a cheap indian restaurant. They are located on Victoria Avenue, Chesterton. Their postcode is cb41eh. You can reach them at 01733553355. 
ok, i want to book a table there please
What day would you like those reservations?
I would like it for Tuesday for 6 people at 15:15.
success! Reference is XSUQLCNZ,  anything else today?
That's what I needed for now. Thank you very much. Goodbye.
Enjoy your visit!
I am looking for a train which departs from Cambridge and arrives in Kings Lynn. Can you help me with that?
i have 133 trains matching your preferences.  What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Wednesday anytime after 16:45.
I have 7 trains leaving Cambridge on every :11 starting at 17:11. Is there a specific time you would like to arrive by?
No. Anytime after 16:45 is fine please. 
TR8627 leaves Cambridge at 17:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn by 17:58.  Would you like to book it?
I would also like information for ADC Theater.  What is the address and phone number?
The address in park street. The phone number is 01223300085.
Thank you. What area is adc theatre in? I would also like to book TR8626 and would like to know the travel time. 
How many people would you like to book the train for?
That's unimportant I'm just looking for the area
ADC theatre is in the center of town. The travel time for your train to kings lynn is 47 minutes. Can I help with anything else today?
That's it, thank you.
Have a good day
Hi there. I'm trying to impress my girlfriend and was wondering if there might be a really nice british restaurant in town?
Is there a particular area in town or a particular price range you are targeting?
Not really, if you find a suitable one, please give me the postcode.
Grafton Hotel Restaurant is an expensive British restaurant you might enjoy. The postcode is cb58pa. 
Thanks! That's all I need today. I appreciate your help.
We are happy to help. Have all of your needs been met?
Indeed they have.
I am glad we were able to assist you. Have a good day and goodbye. 
Please find me a train from cambridge to stansted airport
Sure, I can do that but first I need a little more information. What day would you like to travel as well as departure and arrival times?
Saturday leaving Cambridge anytime after 20:00 please
TR3128 will leave at 20:40 and arrive by 21:08. Do you need more information or would you like to book tickets?
Can you book me 6 tickets please?
You're all set. Total for tickets is 48.48 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is JD6SA21J.
I am also looking for The Riverside Brasserie. 
riverside brasserie is a modern european restaurant in the centre. Its address is Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane and postcode is cb21rt. Want to book it?
Yes, I would like to book it and get a reference number.
Unfortunately, I cannot book it at this time.
Can you try for Saturday at 13:00?
How many people will be dining?
6 people will be dining
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 3VX3AOKS.
Thanks for everything you have been great!
Thank you is there anything else today?
No that is all I needed. Thank you ever so kindly.
Wonderful. I'm glad I could help. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Are there any available rooms in the Autumn House? 
Autumn house has a guesthouse. When are you looking to stay? 
Maybe.  What is the star rating and price range on that hotel?
it has four stars and its cheap
I am also looking for Cambridge Contemporary Art.
Sure, I have found it for you. Is there anything you want to know about?
Can you give me their entrance fee and phone number?
no problem. Their phone number is 01223324222 and the entrance fee is free.
Awesome. Can you also help me to book a taxi from the hotel to the attraction? I want to leave the hotel by 24:45.
You are all set. Your taxi would be a red lexus and you can contact them at 07614169632. Is there anything else I can help?
That's all i need. Thank you so much for the help!
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I am looking for someplace to go and it needs to be a swimming pool
Okay. There are four swimming pools in town: one in the east, two in the north, and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
Not really. Can you tell me about what's available?
Yes, abbey pool and astroturk pitch is in the east, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool are in the north, and parkside pools is in the centre.
I also need a train to cambridge on sunday
I can absolutely help you with that.  So that I can find you the best option, can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I am departing from birmingham new street. Oh, I also need the address for the swimmingpool. You mentioned parkside pools in the centre. Their address?
Parkside Pools' is located on Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly. Now for your train. What time would you like to depart or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 18:00
There is a train on sunday at 7:40pm. Would you like me to book it? 
Is that departing from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge on Sunday? If so then yes book that for two tickets and I need the reference number as well.
Yes, all the information you stated was correct. I was able to book you 2 tickets. Your reference number is CAMPLIZO. The total free is 120.16 GBP due at the station.
Excellent, thanks for your help!
You're very welcome! Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that is all. Good bye!
Thank you have a great day
I am looking for information in Cambridge
I'm happy to help you with that. Is there something in specific I can tell you about?
I'm staying in the west and I want to find a place near here that serves real British food.
Saint johns chop house is in the moderate price range serving British food.
Cool, could you give me the phone number?
Yes, they can be reached at 01223353110, is there anything else that I can help with?
I also need a train for Thursday. 
Okay, I am happy to help with that. Can you tell me your destination and where you'll be departing from?
I'll be departing from norwich, and will be going to cambridge. I'd like to arrive by 12:30.
the train arrives at 11.35
Ok, can I get the train ID.
The train that arrives at 11:35 is the TR6655. However there are other options if you prefer a different time.
That time is sufficient.
Okay! Would you like for me to book you a ticket?
Yes, I sure would.  That would be fantastic.
How many tickets will you be needing?
I'm sorry, I actually don't need it to be booked at this time. I just realized I have other things to figure out first. That will be all thank you!
Thank you for using our system today!
Can you help me find a british restaurant in the centre?
There are 7 moderate and expensive restaurants in the centre; do you have a price range you prefer? 
Anything is fine. I need a reservation for 2 at 11:15 on Monday.
The reservation at The Copper Kettle on Monday at 11:15 for 2 people was successful. Your Reference number is : PLRLM5II.
Thank you so much for your help.
Glad to be of assistance.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you please give me some information about downing college?
that is located at the centre 
Yes, can you tell me how much is the entrance fee?
Downing College has a free entrance fee.
Sweet, I will head there now.   Thank you that is all I need, you have rocked my world.
Any time more than happy to help. 
No, that's all I needed. thanks again.
No problem! Enjoy yourself. 
Hi, I want to travel to Cambridge by train.
Great, what time do you have in mind?
I want to arrive by 17:30.
And where are you leaving from?
I'm leaving from Broxbourne on Sunday. 
The first train departs Broxbourne for Cambridge on Sunday at 05:32. Do you want to purchase this ticket or pick a later departure time?
Can you book for arrival closer to 17:30 for one person and give me the reference number. Also I would like to see a college in centre. 
I found you a seat on TR4658 departing Broxbourne at 15:32, arriving Cambridge at 16:32. The total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station, and your reference number is H88LTKWC.
I'm also looking for a place to go maybe a college. 
There are many colleges,what area do you want?
I'd like to look around the centre area.  
There are 13, but I think Christ's College is the most interesting, and it's free!
Thanks so much.  That's all for today.  Have a great one! 
You're very very welcome! Goodbye, enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a hotel to stay at in Cambridge, at least a 4 star place please
I've found 3 total entries for what you're searching for. The hotels are all 4 stars and ranges from cheap to expensive. It can be filtered down more to include prices.
are any of them on the north side of town?
No, sorry. Would you like me to try searching for something else?
Can you check the north side for other hotels? 
Yes I can search for other hotels, do you want to change the star from 4?
i'd prefer a 4 star in the north
I'm sorry there are still no matching results. I can try a different part of town if you would like. 
Is there possibly a guest house?  I need free parking also.
There are a number of guesthouses in that area with 4 stars. Do you have a price preference?
No, no price preference. What do you recommend?
I'd suggest Acorn Guest House. It is a moderate priced guesthouse in the north with 4 stars. Would you like me to book any rooms?
Yes for 7 for 2 nights starting sunday, need the ref # too please
Your booking for 7 people at acorn guest house this sunday for 3 days 2 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : J5ZLG2WN. Will you need anything further today?
Yes, please. Are there any park attractions in the same area as the Acorn Guest House?
Yes, Milton Country Park.  It is located at Milton Country Park, Milton, postcode cb46az.
Can I have their phone number, please?
Sure! Their phone number is 01223420060. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I needed. Thanks a bunch. Bye. 
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
I need a train. The train should leave on wednesday and should go to stevenage.
I have 10 options available. Is there a particular time you wish to depart?
Yes, I have to leave Cambridge and arrive by 19:45 in Stevenage.
TR5695 departs at 05:21 and arrives at 06:10. Can I book that for you?
Yes please, just myself. Can you please provide the reference number as well?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is: 26IZGBI5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel as well.
OK, where are you wanting the hotel to be at, or do you have a specific price range you would like to stay in?
No price range,please book me a place and I need postcode
What type of lodging would you prefer?  And in which area?
Actually I think I've heard of a specific place - the Bridge Guest House? Do you have any info on them?
The bridge guest house is located in the south and is in the moderate price range. Would you like to make reservation?
No, I don't need a reservation at this time. But can you provide me with their postcode? 
Sure, the postcode is cb28rj. Anything else I can get you today?
No that is all the information I needed. Thank you for all your help. Goodbye
Your welcome, good bye
I am looking for a cheap place to stay that includes free parking.
I have ten different possible locations for you that are cheap and have free parking. Is there anything else to narrow down your selection, such as area?
Do any of those offer free wifi as well?
Yes, all of them include free wifi. Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
The area does not matter to me, but I need accommodations for 6 adults for 3 nights and 4 days beginning this Sunday. 
I'm sorry but it looks like all the hotels are booked on those days. Would you like to change the start date or number of days?
Would I be able to book for two nights?
Yes. I have you booked at Alexander Bed and Breakfast for two night for 6 people starting on Sunday. Your reference number is MTXCH8MN.
Are there any nightclubs in the east side of town?
There are no nightclubs in that part of town. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about a museum in the east instead?
There are four museums in that area: Cambridge Artworks, Cambridge Museum of Technology, Gallery at Twelve A High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery.  Do any of those sound interesting?
Yes, may I have the phone numbers to those museums?
Sure. Artworks is 01223902168, Museum of Tech is 01223368650, Gallery is 01223295264, and Barnabas is 01223902116. Anything else I can help with?
Thanks, that's all I need today. Goodbye!
Have a wonderful day!
Hi there! I'm looking for some kind of fun attraction in the center of town.
We have a wide range of attractions in the center of town: achitecture, boats, cinema, colleges, museums, nightclubs, parks, swimmingpools, and theatres. Which would you enjoy?
I think a museums might be nice. Can you recommend one to me?
there are many too choose from! would you like to visit an art museum?
Can you still just recommend one please??
I recommend primavera it's free and located at 10 king s parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking to book the hotel El Shadai starting on Thursday for 8 people and 4 nights. 
Your booking was successful. The reference number is ERQXH3VN. Can I help with anything else?
No. I think that's all. Good day. Bye. 
Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day. 
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the east please.
We have 6 total guesthouses in the east, any more preferences?
Yes, I would like free wifi and a 4 star rating.
I have six places, is there a price range you have in mind?
Not particularly. Do you have one you would recommend? 
I recommen a and b guest house. Should I book that?
please,  For 2 people for 5 nights starting on Wednesday
Unfortunately there are no rooms available for Wednesday in the East. Could I look at a different location or day?
Can you try 4 nights instead?
Booking was successful. Your reference number is : 1F0GOZ1D.
Great, could I also find someplace near the hotel to go for fun?
funky fun house would be nice for you
I need a place to dine for my upcoming trip.  I can't wait to try some of your local restaurants.
What kind of cuisine are you interested and do you have a price range in mind?
I would like a cheap chinese place.
What area of town would you like to be on?
The west please. 
Unfortunately, I do not have anything that offers cheap chinese food in the west. Can I search another area or other type of food? 
Is there one with Venetian food?
Unfortunately, I do not have anything that offers cheap Venetian food in the west. Can I search another area or other type of food?
Any expensive Indian food in the west?
I have 5 expensive indian restaurants in the west. i would suggest the rice boat. they are at 37 newnham road. i can make a reservation if you like. 
Yes please. For monday at 12:00 for 5 people. I'll need the reference number as well.
your all set. Reference is T0MSA1QK. They will only hold the table for 15 minutes, so you might want to keep that in mind, anything else?
thanks for everything, this is great
You're welcome, have a great day.
Hi!  I need to get a train schedule, can you help me with this?
There are many trains. Any date/time/places you were looking to travel to?
I want to arrive in Stevenage and leave Cambridge on a Friday.
There are ten trains on Friday. The first train leaves at 05:21 and the last train leaves at 23:21. What time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive by 10:00. Can you please give me the train ID and departure time?
TR5497 leaves at 07:21 and arrives at 08:10.  Would you like to purchase a ticket?
No thank you. I do need to find a museum to visit though.
There's 23 museums in the Cambridge area. Is there a specific part of town you'd like to visit?
I would like it to be in Centre.
There are 11 museums in that area, including museum of archaelogy and anthropology and the fitzwilliam museum.	
Can I have the entrance fees for both of those please, and the associated postcodes?
Sure thing. Both are free and the postcode for the museum of archaeology is cb23dz and the fitzwilliam postcode is cb21rb.
ok and what are their entrance fees?
Bot museums are free, they do not have an entrance fee.
That is great. Thank you, goodbye.
Enjoy your time at the museum and the center.  If there is anything else you need help with please contact us anytime.
Hi, I'm trying to find a hotel to stay at. Can you help with that?
I would be happy to help.  Do you have a preference for the part of town the hotel is in?
Yes, I would like to stay in the west.
Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like a hotel.
There are two in that area. Huntington Marriott Hotel and The Cambridge Belfry. Do you have a price range in mind?
Once you find the hotel you want to book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday
I have successfully booked you at Huntington Marriott Hotel. Reference number is G1WB5WLO. Do you need anything else?
Thank you for the booking. I also want to visit an attraction in the east, something fun involving a boat.
I have camboats in the East whose address is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Can I help you with anything else?
Would you also give me the postcode and entrance fee, please?
ok the postcode is 567438 and the entrance fee is $20
I am looking for a restaurant called HK Fusion. 
Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I would love a reservation for Tuesday for 3 people at 19:15 please. 
Your booking is taken care of, your reference number is AMF28NF1.  May I help with anything else?
Wonderful. Yes, can you also help me find a cool place to check out in the west?
Absolutely. There are some wonderful attractions in that area. Would you like something free?
Sure thing. And could I get the postcode for it too?
I would recommend The Museum of Classical Archaeology the post code is cb39da. Would you like a reservation? 
I would like a booking and the reference number.
How many tickets do you need?
I'll need tickets for three and I will also need you to book at taxi for us as well.  We want to be sure we make our dinner reservation.
If you want tickets to the museum, I suggest calling because my system cannot book tickets there. However, I did book you a red honda taxi. Contact # 07125574680
Thanks so much! That will be all for today. 
You're welcome.  Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day! 
I'm looking for a hotel named Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Do you have any information on that?
Yes I do! The hotel is located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park and the phone number is 01223866800. Would you like for me to book you a room?
Yes, I would like to book the room for 3 people and 3 nights starting on Wednesday.
I'm sorry, I was unable to book for that day.  Would you like to try for another day or search for another hotel?
Can you try 1 night instead?
Ah yes. That worked. I have a booking for 3 people for one night. Your reference number is SERCRCLN. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sure, Is there an attraction called Castle Galleries?
Yes, it's a museum in the city centre.
I'd like the phone number and postcode for the museum.
Phone number is 01223307402 and the postcode is cb23bj. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, please I would like a taxi to get me from the museum by 9:45 to my hotel.
I reserved a Blue Ford to pick you up at 9:45.  The contact number is 07985144147.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you. I'm all set!
Thank you and enjoy your stay!
Does the Addenbrookes Hospital have a psychiatry department?
Yes it does. The phone number for the psychiatry department is 01223596102. Would you like to book an appointment?
No, thanks but can you pass on the address and postcode please?
Of course, Addenbrookes Hospital is at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ.
Great. Thank you very much for your help today. That will be all. 
You're welcome, have a great day. 
I need a taxi. I'll be departing the Fitzwilliam museum and need to arrive by 20:15
I can reserve that for you. Where is your destination?
I am heading to restaurant one seven.  
Okay a white honda will be picking you up and the contact number is 07631927676.  What else can I help you with?
That is all that I need thanks.
Great, thank you for using our service!
Thanks for your help.  Bye.
You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Bye.
Any trains from stansted airport?
The next train to be leaving from Stansted Airport is at 5:24 on Friday. It will get to Cambridge at 5:52.
I need a train that leaves on Sunday.
There's a train that leaves Stansted airport at 08:24 and gets to Cambridge at 8:52. I can look up an earlier or later one if you prefer
I just need to arrive by 19:15, so could you find one closer to that time, please?
Train TR1008 will arrive by 08:52. Should I get you tickets for that one?
Could you tell me how long that train ride is?
That ride takes exactly 28 minutes. 
Are there any swimming pools in the area?
There is one pool called the Parkside Pools on Gonville place. Will that work?
Think I will take a dip there, can you let me know if there is an entrance fee?
The entrance fee is not available online at the moment. The phone number is 01223446100 if you'd like to call and check. Can I help you with anything else?
no, that's it. thanks for your help!
You're welcome, have a great day.
Yes, can you give me the information on the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel?
Absolutely. It is an expensive hotel located in the west part of town. It has 4 starts and includes free wifi and parking. Would you like help booking a room?
Yes please, I need a reservation for 6 people for 5 nights starting on Saturday.
Sorry, there are not enough rooms available for that time period. Perhaps a different day or a shorter stay might yield better results.
How about for 1 night? If that works, I'll need a reference number of course. 
Booking was successful. Your reference number is : OO8QDA62.
Thank you so much. Goodbye.
Goodbye.  Have a nice stay!
Hello. Can you help me in locating a certain hotel?
Sure, what is the name of the hotel?
I am looking for the Alpha-Milton Guest house and would like to book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting Friday.  Can you send me the reference please?
Your reservation was successful and your reference number is UO8AN5FO. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That's all, thank you so much!
Thank you for calling, enjoy! Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range and serves European food. 
Sure, I have located several European restaurants, is there a particular area you're looking for?
Yes, I would prefer the north.
I'm not seeing any in the north. Would you like to try another area, or another cuisine?
That's fine. Can you find me a chinese restaurant in the same area? 
Yes, we have the Golden Wok  Would you like to make a reservation there?
Sure, I need to book it for 6 people, please. 
What day and time would you prefer?
I would like it to be on Friday at 18:15. 
Your table is booked and will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is GS2CO4IV. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for an attraction in the same area as the restaurant. 
There are 4 attractions in the north: 1 boat, 1 park, and 2 swimming pools. Do you have a preference?
Yes the boat attraction, can I get the address and do the charge a fee, what is it?
Riverboat Georgina is at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. I don't have a listing for their entrance fee, but their phone number is 01223902091. I'm sure they'd be happy to help.
Thanks. I would like to book a taxi between the two places and have it arrive to the restaurant by the booked time please. 
I have booked you a car. It is a red Toyota and the contact number is 07486387305. Do you need any further assistance?
Thank you, I won't be needing anything else. Goodbye.
Goodbye, hope you have a lovely day.
I would like to find a European in the moderate price range.
We have 5 European restaurants. In what area of town would you like to dine?
I don't mind but I would like the place to be moderately priced.
Ok, I am going to recommend the galleria restaurant in the centre, would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Thank you. Can you give me the phone number and postal code too?
The postcode is cb21uw and the phone number is 01223362054.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, thanks. I do need some information on vue cinema, please.
It is located in centre and on the grafton centre, east road
Can i have their phone number please?
08712240240. Do you need anything else?
Can I have a taxi, please? I want to leave vue cinema at 14:45. 
Okay and what is your destination?
We will go from the vue cinema to the galleria restaurant. We will leave vue cinema at 14:45. Please provide the contact number and car type after you book, please.
grey skoda is the car and the contact number is: 07851810998. May I help you with something else ?
No, that's all I needed today. Thanks for your help!
You're very welcome! Have a wonderful trip!
Can you help me find a restaurant by the name of Loch Fyne?
Yes! The restaurant is at The Little Rose 37 Trumpington Street in the expensive price range. Would you like me to book tickets?
Please book a table for 8 people at 18:15 on friday.
I am sorry there are no reservations at that time, can I find you another restaurant that fits what you are looking for?
Please try booking a different restaurant in the same area and price range.
I will found you a different restaurant.
Very well. I really need a reliable booking, make sure you give me a reference number, I don't want any confusion when I get there.
How does The Cambridge Chop House sound? It serves british food?
That would be good. I would like to try that one if you recommend it.
I was able to successfully book that for you, the reference number is 8JKPEA74.  Can I assist with anything else?
No that will be all. Thanks!
You're welcome Have a nice day.
I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.It should also have a respiratory medicine department.
The respiratory medicine department at Addenbrookes can be reached at 01223256645.
Thank you, may I have their phone number and address?
The hospital is at Hills Rd in Cambridge. Again, the phone number is 01223245151. I can book an appointment for you.
What is their postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need anything else?
I have everything I need. Thanks. Goodbye.
Ok, you are booked for 13:00 next Wednesday.  Reference Number is: SPCYMPMU
Can you help me find a nightclub in the centre of town?
I recommend soul tree nightclub. 
What is the postcode and address please?
The address and postcode are: 1-6 corn exchange street, cb23qf. Will that be all for you today?
That is all the info I need today. Thanks.
Ok, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at. I want it to be at least 2 stars and in the center of town.
I have a 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel both in the centre. Would you like to book one of them?
Do you have anything that is 2 star rated in the centre?
we got none. can i help you with anything else?
That is all I need.
I am not finding a 2 star in the centre. Are you sure there is not another type of hotel you would like?
I do need a place to stay, so are there any 4 star hotels available?
I have 2 options - one is cheap and one is expensive. Which price range would you prefer?
cheap will work. can you book it for Wednesday? 1 person, 2 nights. I'll need the reference number too.
I was able to book a room at Alexander bed and breakfast, your reference number is VWF48IZM. Is there anything else I can help with? 
I'm also looking for a train. It should depart Cambridge after 14:15 and arrive in Norwich on friday.
TR8314 departs Cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
YES PLEASE. FOR 1 PERSON. 
1 ticket on TR8314 has been booked. Your total is 17.6 GBP, which you can pay at the station. Your Reference number is : H0JS8RMF.
Thanks, that was all I needed today.  Goodbye.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hi there, I'm looking for a place to stay that has wi-fi and parking for free. 
Sure, there are many options with free internet and parking. What area of town do you prefer to stay in? 
I don't have a preference.  I wold just like a 4 star moderate.
The acorn guest house fits your needs! It has a four star rating and is located in the north. Would you like me to book it? 
Maybe, but are they expensive? I would like something moderately priced if possible.
No the Acorn Guest House is moderately priced. I can book it for you if you would like.
What type of hotel is it?
It is a 4 star hotel, not a guesthouse.
Okay, that's all the information I need. Thank you!
You're very welcome. Goodbye!
I am traveling to peterborough and need to get there by 08:00.
You have several options. If traveling by train, where would you like to depart?
I want to leave from Cambridge.
I would recommend TR2016 which leaves Cambridge at 7:06 and arrives at 7:56.  
Can you please book the train for 4 people on Saturday.  Please provide the reference number when booked.  Thank you!
I'm sorry, I stated the ID number incorrectly. The train ID is TR9362.  All other information is accurate. Should I still book?
Yes, please. A total of 4 tickets are needed. Thanks. 
Booking was successful! Your reference number is 12JCWP2T. Do you need anything else?
I am looking for ballare. I need the area, attraction type and entrance fee
Ballare is a nightclub in the center of town. There is a 5 pound entrance fee.
Thank you. 
Thank you for using our service today!
Hello! I'm looking for a museum to go to.
Cambridge has so many great museums to choose from, what sort of museum are you interested in visiting?
I would like any type of museum that is located in the centre of town. Can you provide me with an address?
There are 11 museums in that area. Would you like to learn about all of them?
No, can you choose the best one for me and give me the address?
I would recommend Cambridge Contemporary Art at 6 Trinity Street.
Thank you I also need a place to stay that has free wifi and 4 stars and in the west of town. 
I'm showing 33 hotel and guesthouses in the centre. What is your price range, do you want wifi and parking? If this is not a good area I can look more.
I have no price range but it needs to be 4 star.
Found 2 hotels with 4 star 1 expensive and the other is cheap which one will you prefer?
Which on is in the west?
I'm happy to tell you that i found three 4 star hotels on the West part of town.  Can I book one for you or assist you further? 
No, I just need the postcode please.
The postcode is cb30nd.
I also need taxi to take me from the Museum  at  22:00 to the hotel, get me the contact number and car type for the taxi.
I'm sorry for the confusion, what hotel did you choose so that I can book the taxi for the correct location?
I am not sure of the name, you did not provide it.
I am sorry about that, we are swamped right now. The name is called finches bed and breakfast, sorry for any confusion.
Okay, so then book the taxi as requested please, and again do not forget the car type and contact number
Of course, a yellow ford has been booked for you. They can be reached at 07814309592. will that be all today?
No that's all I need today. Thanks so much.
You are welcome and enjoy.
I need to book a train for 8:45 to go to london kings crossing.
What day are you planning to travel?
I would like to travel on Friday.
I'm sorry I dont' have any trains for that day. Would you like to leave at a different time?
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Friday.
The earliest train I have is at 09:00.  Is that ok?
That's fine. Can you give me the arrival time, travel time, and train ID please?
TR2000 takes 51 minutes to arrive at by 9:51. Would you like me to reserve this for you?
Nope, that's all I needed. Thanks!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre, and have a great day!
I'm looking for some type of entertainment venue in the centre of town. 
There is a vue cinema for your entertainment in the centre of town. Would you like the address? 
No, thank you. Is there a museum in the centre area?
The Broughton House Gallery is in the area and has no entrance fee, would you like the address?
Yes, I would like the address, please.
The address is 98 King Street.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks, I'd like to find a restaurant in the same area. Do you have any listings that serve polynesian food?
I found no polynesian restaurants in the centre of town
How about something in the cheap price range?
there are 15 cheap priced restaurants in the centre. what type of food would you like?
Are any of them Italian?
Yes, as a matter of fact Pizza Hut, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge all serve inexpensive Italian food. Do any of these interest you?
I would like to book Zizzi Cambridge for 6 people on Sunday at 16:15.
I'm terribly sorry but Zizzi is booked at that time. Can I try at another time or on another day?
Is there anything available for 15:15?
I've booked you at 15:15 on Sunday at Zizzi Cambridge.  Anything else?
Can I get the reference number, please?
Yes, the reference number is ZLMXP05F.
Thank you very much for your help today!
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
That was everything. Thanks!
You're welcome. Goodbye!
I would like to find a restaurant that serves Turkish food in the centre please.
There are 3 Turkish restaurants in the centre, did you have a price range?
I'd like someplace expensive, please.
Great, I have found Meze Bar Restaurant, they are located in the area of Centre, serve Turkish food and is expensive, how many can I book for and what time please?
I need a table for five at 18:30 on Friday, and I need the reference number too. 
I've successfully booked your table. Your Reference number is : AD41BY5A. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a train to Kings Lynn on Saturday.
Certainly, there are 19 trains to Kings Lynn saturday, do you have an arrival or departure time preference?
How about 15:00? 
I'm sorry. Was that an arrival time or a departure time?
It should leave after 9:45.
How about train TR9680? It leaves at 10:11 and will arrive at 10:58. Would you like me to book?
Yes I would like you to book that.
How many tickets do you need for that train?
I would need 5 tickets. Can you provide me with the reference number once it is booked? Thanks. 
Your booking request was successful! the total fee is 39.2GBP and your reference number is FILYRUYS. Can I help you with anything else?
That should be all, thank you.
Thank you. Have a great day. 
Hi! I need a restaurant that serves Chinese food please!
There are quite a few Chinese restaurants. Are you looking for one in particular area or price range?
Yes.  I would like an expensive one please.
What about Hakka? It is an expensive Chinese restaurant in the north part of town. 
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town. Are there any available?
I have a listing for ugly duckling,would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please, I would like to book a table for 5 people at 11:30 on Wednesday. I would also like a reference number please.
I have Tang Chinese open then, Reference number is : 1AZI69I4. Need anything else?
That is everything. Thanks!
You are welcome. Enjoy your meal at Tang Chinese.  Good Bye.
I am looking for a train for Tuesday going to Birmingham New Street.
Where are you departing from and what day are you traveling? This was I can narrow my search to better assist you.
Cambridge and I would like to leave Tuesday
Does it matter what time you leave or arrive?
I want it to arrive by 10:45. 
Train TR2164 leaves at 8:01 and arrives at birmingham new street at 10:44. Would you like me to book you seat?
Yes please book 5 seats.
Ok I have for you 5 seats on TR2164. The total fee is 375.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3SKORQ4K. Anything else I can assist with?
Yes I'd like to find a guesthouse with free parking, preferably in the north.
I have 9 locations that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference regarding price range of star ratings?
Yes, I prefer a guesthouse between a three and four star rating.
I have 7 guesthouses that are 4-star rated and offer free wifi and parking. 6 are moderately priced and 1 is cheap. Do you have a preference? 
Any of those will be fine. Please send the reference number and location. 
Okay, how long would you like to stay?
I'd like to check in on Friday for 4 nights. Book it for 5 people.
I was able to successfully book you at the asbury lodge guesthouse.  The reference number is 6LQ4AF7B., can I assist with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you so much.
Have a great trip! 
I need to get to London Kings Cross. Can you help me find a train?
I have 70 trains matching your request. Is there a specific day and time when you would like to travel?
The train should arrive by 15:45 and should leave on Friday from Cambridge.
There are 5 trains. Would you like to leave at 5:00?
Sure, that would work. How much would that cost, and how long would the travel time be?
The price is 23.60 pounds, and the duration is 51 minutes. Would you like to book this train?
Yes please!  Can you also recommend some places to go in the west?
There are 5 attractions in the west.  What type of attractions were you looking for? 
Any type is fine can I just get the address of one please?
Sure. Let's go with queens' college. That is located on silver street.
Okay great! Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can do for you at this time?
No, that's all thank you.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I would like some information on great saint mary's church.  Where exactly is it located?
It is located in the centre. The address is market square. Postcode is cb23pq. The entrance fee is 2 pounds.
Thank you. That's all I I need.
Is there anything else I can help you with.
Can I please get their phone number as well? I also need help finding a train for Monday. 
Yes of course. Their telephone number is 01223350914.
I also need a train from birmingham new street on monday that goes to cambrige by 20:30. 
For how many people?
I'm not sure yet.  For now can I just get the train ID, travel time and departure time?
Train ID TR3130 sounds like your best bet.  It leaves at 17:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:23.  Travel time is 163 minutes. 
Thanks so much!
No problem at all! Is there anything more I can help you with today?
Yes that's all I need thanks again. Bye. 
You are very welcome! I hope you have a wonderful day!
I need to find an expensive restaurant in the west.
We have quite a few spots. Do you have a specific type of food you'd like to eat?
No, I don't really care.  Can you suggest one?
Tandoori Palace is an Indian restaurant. Their food is lovely.
That sounds yummy! What is their postcode and phone number, please?
Their phone is 01223506055 and the postcode is cb43le. Would you like me to make a booking?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Hi, I want to find some water and go boating somewhere around town. What do you have listed?
I have some great choices for you. There are two places in the centre of town, one in the north and one in east. Do you have a specific location?
I think maybe the north for this trip.
The Riverboat Georgina is in the North of town. It's located at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. May I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you. 
Have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
Can you give me the address for the Parkside Police Station? 
The address you're seeking is Parkside, Cambridge.
Thank you, what is the phone number and postcode?
Telephone	:	01223358966 Postcode	:	CB11JG.  Is there anything else?
No, that's all. Good bye.
You're welcome. Thank you for contacting TownInfo centre today. Goodbye
I'm looking for a train departing from london liverpool street leaving on thursday.
There are 10 trains leaving fro Liverpool Street on Thursday. Did you have a departure time in mind? 
Yes, I don't want to leave for Cambridge until 15:00 at the earliest.
Okay, the TR8944 leaves at 15:39 and arrives by 17:07. Would you like me to book tickets for you?
Yes, for 6 people.
Okay I have booked you and your reference number is WLUOQKEV.
Thank you. I also need a hotel in the south.
What price range are you interested in?
No price range but I do want a 4 start.
rosa's bed and breakfast is in the cheap price range 
That sounds great. I'll need a reservation for 6 people for 4 nights on Thursday. 
I've gone ahead and booked that for you. Your Reference number is : EUZ34KY9. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, that takes care of everything I need. Thanks!
Do you need a taxi?
I don't need a taxi, thanks for asking
then thanks for inquiring with us.
Goodbye, and thanks again.
Sure thing.  Thanks for letting us help you today!
I need a place to stay in the west part of the town? Some place with free wifi please. 
Sure, do you prefer hotels or guesthouses?
It doesnt' matter.  I don't care about parking either.
I am showing 2 guesthouses and 2 hotels. Which would you prefer?
Pick one of the two hotels for us please. 
The the cambridge belfry is a 4 star hotel on the west side in the cheap price range. 
Sounds good.  Let's book it for 3 people on 2 nights starting from friday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2T7NK2CG
Thank you. I need to find an Indian restaurant that is expensive and in the same area as my hotel.
There are five options to choose from. I can recommend the restaurant cocum to you if you'd like
That sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 3 people at 16:45 on friday? And tell me my reference number
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : U6M1IEOW. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to get us between both places, and I need it to arrive in time for my restaurant reservation.
Your all set! A blue lexus will be picking you up and the contact number is 07598275631, anything else today?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks for all your help!
You arr welcome, have a great night.
I want an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. I would also like its phone number.
Hi! Royal Standard is an excellent expensive gastropub in the east area. Their number is 01223247877, anything else?
I appreciate your help. Good bye.
Have a great evening!  Goodbye!
Would you happen to know of any attractions involving architecture in Cambridge?
There are several beautiful churches in the center; are you willing to pay to enter?
Yes, could you please provide the addresses and entrance fees for the churches in the center?
Sure, All Saints Church on Jesus Lane and Holy Trinity Church on Market Street are free to enter. Great Saint Mary's church on Market Square is 2 pounds to enter.
I am also looking for Chinese food in the city center. Can you help me find some restaurant options?
We have 10 Chinese restaurants in the centre area. What price range are you looking for?
I prefer something in the expensive price range. 
The Sesame Restaurant and Bar sounds perfect for you.  Would you like me to reserve it?
I just need the address, postcode and telephone number for the restaurant at this time.
They are located at 17 Hills Road City Centre, their postcode is cb21nw, and phone number is 01223358899.
Can you help me look for a taxi that will leave All Saints Church by 17:45?
Could you tell me your destination please? 
I need to go to the sesame restaurant and bar.
Okay, I've booked a car for you. It's a white Tesla. The contact number is 07746645374. What else can I do for you? 
That will be everything I needed today. Thanks for your help!
You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for unusual and expensive cuisine in the west. Do you have any suggestions?
I didn't find any records matching those criteria. 
How about an Indian restaurant?
There are several in the West area. What is your address and I can find one that is closest to you? Do you want to walk?
I just want to go to one you think is best please
You should definitely try Cocum.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. I need a table for 4 people at 14:45 on Thursday. If not Thursday, I'd like the same time on Tuesday. Please send me the reference number.
I was able to get you a table on Thursday, ref# XLUIM3SN. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you've been awesome thanks for all your help! 
I hope you enjoy your meal. Goodbye!
Hi, I am looking for a cheap Italian restaurant please.
I have some in the north, center and west side. Do you have a preference in area?
No, no preference. Please just find me one that has a table available for 4 people at 17:45 on Monday. 
I'm sorry but none of the Italian restaurants have reservations available at that time.  Do you want me to check for a different time?
Yes, I'll try for a little earlier, how about 16:45?
Booked at la margherita! Your reference number is NG7AU0Y2. Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thank you very much for your help! 
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Greetings! I'm looking for the Worth House, I heard it's in Cambridge.
Yes it is in the North and is a cheap 4 star guesthouse.  Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. Do they have free wifi? 
Yes, they have free wifi.  Would you like to book the hotel now?
Yes, I would like to book the hotel now.
How many people will be staying?  Also, when would you like to check in?
Sure, just me. Monday at 12:00 is fine.
How many nights will you be staying?
Just Monday night.
Sure, anything else I can do for you.
What area is the hotel in?
The Worth house is in the North.
What is the price range of that hotel?
Worth House is in the cheap price range. Would you like any more information? 
Nope, that's all. Thanks. Bye!
Thank you.  We'll be happy to help you with your future travel needs.
Can you help me find a place to dine on the east side of the city, please? Something that's moderately priced would be best.
There are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant in that area and price range. Do you have a preference for type of food?
Tell me about the Indian restaurants.
The restaurants are called Curry Prince and the other is Rajmahal. They are both in the moderate price range.
Great! I would like to book at table at Curry Prince. 
How many people will the reservation be for?
Just myself, at 14:30 on Thursday, please.
I was unable to book for that time, would you like me to try something else?
How about 13:30?
I was able to book that for you for 13:30. Your reference number is 9VLGU3GE. Is there anything else I can do for you? 
Yes, I am also looking for information on trains going from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford.  
I'd be happy to help you with that.  What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday.
There are 5 trains leaving on Friday. Is there a specific departure or arrival time you would like?
Yes, I will need to be at Bishops Stortford before 16:15.
Okay. TR5853 leaves at 09:29 and arrives at 10:07 would you like me to book that train for you?
Please. Can you also provide me with the reference number?
Before I can book that for you, would you please let me know how many people will be traveling?
Oh, sorry about that! Same as the restaurant, so just 1.
The reference number is EMG78YR0.
Thank you so much, goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today!
Hi, I am excited to visit some of Cambridge's tourist attractions soon.  Can you help me find a place to stay?
Yes, I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in?
I would like it to be in the East. 
There are 7 options for hotels in the east, is there a particular price range you're looking for?
I would like it to be in the moderate price. 
warkworth house	is located in warkworth terrace, cb11ee  can i go ahead in booking?
Can you give me the star rating of the place?
Warkworth House is a 4 star establishment. Would you like me to book it for you?
No booking right now.  I'm also looking for a museum.
There are 23 museums to choose from. To help narrow the results, what area are you looking for a museum in?
I do not have an area preference, can you recommend a museum?
My favorite is cambridge artworks in the east. Does that sound interesting to you?
Sounds nice, can you just give me the address & area?
Yes, it is located on the east side, at 5 Greens Road.
Thank you. I think that's everything I need today.
Perfect. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Cheers to you too.
Okay Thank you for calling.
Hello, I am looking for an expensive Italian restaurant in Cambridge.
We have quite a few. May I suggest Frankie and Bennys? They are in the area of Centre at Market Hill City Centre. 
Great, can you book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OE4QDLK7.
Thanks! I am also looking for a guesthouse in Cambridge.
There are 24 guesthouses in cambridge, do you have any information to narrow it down?
It should be in the same price range as the restaurant, with free wifi and a star of 4.
There is no place matching your criteria. Do you want to broaden your search?
Yes, please broaden the price search.
There are 33 available options in the moderate to cheap price range. Do you have any location preference to narrow down the search?
How about any type of hotel in Cambridge, guesthouse or other?
How does university arms hotel sound? It is a hotel in town centre, expensive price range & 4 stars. Would you like to book a room?
It sounds great but does it also have free wifi and parking. I really need that.
Yes, it offers both. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, I just need the address and postcode, please.
They are at regent street	postcode cb21ad
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Enjoy your trip.
I need the phone number and location of the nearest Red Lobster in the downtown Cambridge area.
I'm sorry, could you please repeat your request?  There seems to be an error. 
I need a taxi,from darrys cookhouse and wine shop and go to restaurant two two and leave at 9 00
Your booking is complete.  The car type is a yellow tesla and the contact number is 07556741489.
Thank you for your quick response.
You are very welcome please let us know if we may help with anything else.
No, that should be it. I really appreciate your help!
You're welcome! Have a great time.
I need some help arranging a train that meets our schedule. 
On what day do you wish to depart?
I need to leave cambridge on saturday arrive at stansted airport by 20:30
I have a train leaving at 6:40 and arriving at 7:08 it's train TR8598. Would you like reservations?
Yes. I will need it for eight people. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 64.64 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: LTQHUT3Y. Can I assist with anything else today?
Yeah, I'm looking for an expensive place to dine at in the southern area of the city.
What food type are you looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the south, i do not have a particular food preference.
I have five places. Do you prefer, Italian, Chinese, Mexican or Indian?
i dont mind any
Okay, how about Peking Restaurant located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre? Would you like a reservation?
I don't need a reservation, but could you give me their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223354755.
Thanks. That is all I need for now.
enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Yes,  i need help finding a place to go? 
Is there a specific type or area you had in mind?
The area doesn't matter but I would like to find a swimming pool.
kings hedges learner pool is located in the north, at jedburgh court, kings hedges.
Could you tell me the postcode as well at the entrance fee, please?
The postcode is cb42xh and I don't have access to their entrance fee. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that was all, thank you!
Happy to help. Have a great day.
I need a taxi departing from leverton house.
I'd be happy to book that for you, first I'll need to know your destination.
I'm going to ugly duckling and must be there no later than 23:30 please
I've booked a red Toyota, the contact number is 0757492861.
Alright I have everything I needed and I appreciate your help. Thank you and have a great night. 
You're welcome. Have fun.
That's all that I need today. Thanks again!
No problem! It was a pleasure
I need something to do in canbridge in the centre that has lots to do with sports
I don't see anything located in the centre of town that has to do with sports. Is there another area I can look up for you?
how about a concerthall ?
There is the man on the moon at the concerthall in the centre, would you like the phone number? 
yes please find me their address and phone number
The man on the moon concerthall is located at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf, phone number is 01223474144.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you. I also need a german restaurant.
There are no german restaurants in cambridge.
wow! what about european food?
There are 11 European restaurants. Do you have a price range and area in mind?
I am looking for modern european food in the moderate price range. Any area is okay.
Since you are going to be in the centre of town already, how about de luca cucina and bar? It is moderately priced.
book that for 4 people at 15:15 on saturday
You booking has been confirmed, your reference number is DZZPYFOD. Can I help with anything else? 
Thank you! I also ned a taxi that goes from the concert hall to the restaurant, and arrives by the time of my reservation. Can you pleas help with that?
 Booking completed! Booked car type	:	red skoda Contact number	:	07017968837 
Thank you!  That will be all today!
Thanks for using our service!
Yes I would like information on Clare hall.
Of couse. Clare Hall is a college located in the west. It's address is herschel road, and there is no entrance fee. Is there anything else you would like to know?
What is the phone number for Clare Hall?
The phone number is 01223332360. Could I be of further assistance?
I also am looking for a hotel called kirkwood house
Kirkwood House is a guesthouse in the north area with 4 stars moderately priced. 
Can I get the address for the Kirkwood House?
The address for Kirkwood House is, 172 Chesterton Road post code cb41da. Is there anything else you would like to know?
That's it.  Thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I am looking to book a train that departs from cambridge on saturday
Great! I have those trains up.  May I now get where you are traveling to?
I am goint to London Kings Cross and should arrive by 21:45.
Sure, I have a train arriving at 19:51 TR0427. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. I need a booking for 4 people and will need the reference number.
I have booked your tickets. Your reference number is GW9K5282. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the centre area. 
We have many fine attractions in the center of town. Is there a particular type you're looking for?
I would like a mutilple sports attraction please. 
Would a swimming pool work in its place?
Yes our family likes to swim!
Great! There is just one swimming facility in the central zone: Parkside Pools. Would you like their contact information?
Yes, please get me their entrance fee and postcode.
Their entrance fee is not in our system and they are in cb11ly
Thank you. That's all I need for today.
Have a great day.
Thanks, you, too.
You're welcome!  Bye!
I am looking for a train to Cambridge, the train should depart after 21:45?
Hi, train TR4210 leaves fiday at 22:11.  Would you like me to book it?
I need to leave on Saturday from London Kings Cross. Is there a train leaving after 21:45 that fits my needs?
I have train TR8830 that will be leaving London Kings Cross at 23:17 and arriving in Cambridge at 24:08. Would that work for you? 
Yes, how much would that cost total?
It is 18.88 pounds per ticket. How many tickets would you like to purchase?
Just one ticket please and thank you 
Your ticket has been reserved. Total fee is 18.88 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number ZM5K0A4Q. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you book autumn house for 7 people, starting on saturday for 4 nights, please?
Thank you so much for reserving my train ticket. I have the information for Autumn House you requested. Would you like me to reserve it for you?
Yes. I need the reference number.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is DTKW11YU
That is all I needed today, thank you for your help. 
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Am looking for a train it should depart from peterborough and should arrive by 21:30
I have a train going to Cambridge that will arrive at 21:09 and leaves at 20:19. Does that work for you?
It will work for me Thank you
Your train has been booked! The price is 16.5 GBP and the reference number is JSGGVUC8. The train ID is TR0583. Have a wonderful day.
I'd like to find a restaurant that serves Mediterranean food and should be pretty expensive. 
Both La Mimosa and Shiraz will meet your needs. Would you like to book a table at one of those?
Yes, can we get a reservation at Shiraz for 8 people on Friday at `17:15 and can I also get the reservation number? Thank you.
The booking for successful, it will only be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: JWUSOSWM. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train leaving Cambridge after 13:15.
There are 791 trains leaving cambridge after that time. What is your destination and day of travel?
My destination is Birmingham New Street and I would like to travel on Saturday.
You train will be leaving Cambridge at 14:01 and arrive Birmingham New Street at 16:44
i need to book 8 tickets for the train.
Booking was successful for TR0942, the total fee is 480.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8D00H8PK.
Thank you for your help!
You're welcome!  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all. Thank you again!
Thank you for contacting the Help Desk. Have a nice day!
Thank you for all of your help. 
You are quite welcome! Please enjoy your trip.
I need to find an expensive restauant that's in the south section of the city.
There are several restaurants in the south part of town that serve expensive food. Do you have a cuisine preference?
No I don't care about the type of cuisine.
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is a Mexican restaurant located in the south part of town.
What is their address?
There address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton, it there anything else I can help you with?
What is the food type they serve ?
They serve Mexican food .
Nope, that's what I was looking for. Thanks a lot!
Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Restaurant System.
I'm looking for a place to stay in cambridge, free parking and wifi should be included
I have tons of options available. Is there a particular area you would like?
No, but I do prefer a guesthouse. 
What about price range?
Can you tell me which one is your favorite, and let me know the price range and address for that one?
The acorn guest house is in a moderate price range and the address is 154 chesterton road.
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the east area.
There are 4 restaurants that match your description. Any opinion on price?
I would like something moderately priced please.
There is the Curry Prince and Rajmahal which meet your criteria.
Pick one for me. I want to book it for myself on friday at 16:15.
I booked Curry Prince for you for Friday at 16:15, table for one, reference number G6570XEX. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Perfect, that is all that I need.  Thank you so much for your help!
You're welcome, can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you! 
Just let us if you need additional assistance in the future.  Goodbye.
What attractions are in the town centre?
In the centre of town I have a total of 79 different attractions, would you like to narrow your search by entrance fee or zip code?
What different attraction types are there in the centre?
There are museums, colleges, architectural buildings, parks, nightclubs, etc.  Does any of that sound interesting?
What museum would you recommend?
I recommend the Broughton House Gallery at 98 King Street. It's free to enter and a great museum.
Thanks so much, that's very helpful. Could I get the postcode as well, please?
The postcode for the Broughton House Gallery is cb11ln.
Thanks so much.  I am all set. Good bye.
You are welcome. Have a good time!
I am trying to find a hotel called warkworth house
Call them at 01223363682
book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from thursday.
Your booking was unsuccessful. Could you book another day or a shorter stay?
Let's try for Friday instead. And I need the reference number please.
Your booking was successful and your Reference number is : 0DW45IKS
Great, that's settled. Thank you for the assistance. Goodbye.
welcome back next time
Please find a cheap restaurant in the north.
There is an indian restaurant or an Italian one. Which would you prefer?
I'll go with Italian.  I need you to book it for 7 people, at 11:00 on Monday.  I'd also like a reference number.
You're booked at Da Vinci Pizzeria on Monday at 11 for 7 people. Your reference number is MTHF8EE1. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you get some information for me about swimmingpools in that area?
Yes, there are two swimming pools in the north. The Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Would either of those be of interest? 
Yes, the Kings one. How much to get into that one?
I do not see an entrance fee listed but their phone number is 01223353248. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you give me the post code as well please?
Their postcode is cb42xh. Can I help with anything else today?
no that's all thanks
You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Goodbye.
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the west part of town. What is the address and food?
La margherita an italian restaurant in the west part of town and in the cheap price range.  Their address is 15 magdalene street City Centre
Thank you.
You are welcome
I need a train from cambridge on sunday.
There are several trains that match the criteria. what time do you want t leave?
I am thinking the morning would be better for me.
I can try to find something for you in the morning. Do you have a more specific time in mind?
I'd like to leave after 09:00 and head to Peterborough.
I have train TR3211 that leaves at 09:06 and will have you in Peterborough at 09:56. Would that work for you? 
Yes please make a booking for 4 people. 
I am trying to book you on Train ID TR3211 and the cost for one person is 13.2 pounds. Please may i have the data of the four passengers?
Just need the four tickets. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is L3RH9ZWP. Do you need anything else?
I also need information on  a hotel called hobsons house. 
Hobsons House if a guesthouse located in the west and is moderately priced.  It has a 3 star rating and is located at 96 Barton Rd. Book it for you?
No thank you. I just need their phone number for now.
their phone number is 01223304906. is that all?
Yes, that is all I will be needing for now.
Okay, have a great day!
What sort of entertainment is available in the center of town?
I'm sorry I didn't get any matches for entertainment in the centre. Would you like me to check surrounding areas?
No, I will be in the centre.  How abut nightclubs?  Are there any of those?
Yes, indeed, we have five nightclubs.
Can you choose one for me and give me their postcode, entrance fee and phone number?
How about The Fez Club. The post code is cb23hx, phone number 01223519224 and it is 5 pounds to enter. Do you need anymore info? 
That's perfect. Now please find me a train that leaves on Sunday and arrives by 17:00
What is your destination?
Cambridge at night 
And from which station will you be traveling?
London Kings cross is where Ill be leaving from
TR7931 leaves at 15:17 and arrives at 16:08.  Would you like to book a seat?
Not just yet. What is the travel time for that train?
The duration is 51 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed today, thank you.
Have a nice day!
I need information on the fitzwilliam museum
Ok, I can help you with that.  What kind of information do you need?
Can I get the phone number, address, and area it is located in?
Of course, the Fitzwilliam Museum is located in the centre area of town, at Trumpington street, and can be reached at the phone number: 01223332900. Do you need anything else?
No, thank you, that is all I need.
OK, have a nice day.  Good bye.
I'm looking for a train from norwich to cambridge. 
There are several choices.  The ride is about 79 minutes long.  Can I make a reservation for you?
I am not sure. Do you have one leaving after 9:15 on sunday?
I have several, is there an arrival time you prefer?
No, I do not have a specific arrival time. 
Okay, how about TR0996, leaving at 09:16 and arriving by 10:35?
Okay. That sounds good. Can you tell me more about a restaurant called stazione restaurant and coffee bar. 
stazione restaurant and coffee bar	italian is in centre area. it is expensive. their telephone number is	01223352607, code	cb23njand is located inMarket Hill City Centre.
Can you book a table for 5 people at 17:45 for Stazione, please?
Sure.  Can you confirm the day you would like the booking?  
Yes.  I need that booking for Sunday.
I have you booked and your confirmation number is PUQ990A7.  Can I help you further?
I think that is all I needed today. Thank you!
Have a great day!
Can you help me find an attraction in the west part of town?
What type of attraction are you looking for?
a park for kids or a mini mall ?
In the west there are no parks. But there are colleges, museums, and an entertainment place called Whale of a Time if you are interested. 
please get me the postcode. I am also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the cheap price range and should include free parking.
The post code for Whale of a Time is cb238el. The Cambridge Belfry fits your needs perfectly. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Is that a four star hotel? 
Yes, the Cambridge Belfy is a 4 star hotel in the west area. 
What is their address and phone number?
The phone number is 01954714600 and the address is back lane cambourne.
Perfect, that is all I need to today! Thank you.
Thank you. Goodbye
Hello, I am looking for info on a restaurant in northern Cambridge that has moderate prices. Could you help me?
We have one Chinese and one Indian restaurant that matches your criteria. Would you like to make a reservation at one of these?
The Indian one sounds perfect.  I don't need a reservation just yet.  What is the name of it?
The name of it is The Nirala.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need  for now, thank you for your help.
I'm glad to have been of help. Enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi.  I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Welsh food.  Can you help me?
no information found
How about Portuguese food? I don't care about the price range.
which area of town would you prefer? 
Portuguese food in any area
There are two restaurants serving portuguese food. Nandos in the South and Nandos in City Center. Would you like further information on either of those?
Could you give me the phone number and address of the Nandos in City Center?
Nandos can be found at 33-34 Saint Andrews Street and can be reached at 01223 327908. Can I assist you with anything else? 
No thanks, that is all. Goodbye.
Thank you and have a great day!
Can you find a 4 star hotel in the north side?
There are 8 guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you have a preferred price range?
Yes I want moderate price range
I found 7 hotels that meets your criteria. Do you want parking?
Yes, free parking is important. And also make sure it's an actual hotel rather than a guesthouse, I prefer the amenities of a hotel.
I'm sorry but in this area we have only guesthouses. Would you want to choose one of them?
I guess I don't have a choice. Book me in one of them a room for 3 people for 5 nights starting from this thursday.
I booked you accomodation at arbury lodge guesthouse. Your reference number is AO41SUKL. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all, thanks for the assistance!
Sure, I'm here yo help. Have a lovely stay!
Can you arrange for a taxi to bring me to kohinoor?
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I want to arrive no later than 12:45 please
And where would you like to be picked up from?
I'm leaving from wandlebury country park.
I have a black volvo coming to pick you up.  Their contact number is 07270738865 if you have any questions.  Thank you!
Thank you that is all I need today.
Enjoy your trip!
I need to find a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives by 9:15. Can you help?
What is your destination? 
I'm traveling to Ely.
We can definitely help you with that, I just need to know the day you will be traveling. 
For today, arriving by 21:15.
I'm sorry, I need to know the day you will be traveling.
I am departing on Sunday. 
I have a train on Sunday that arrives at 20:07. Would that do?
That's perfect.  Could you book it for 8 people? 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LZLSJZ1K. Anything else I can help with? 
Thank you! Will you please find me an expensive restaurant in the Centre part of town?
Would you like me to book it for you ?
no booking yet for the restaurant.  I want to eat at a restaurant that serves thai food.  Do you have any?
Bangkok City serves Thai food, and is in the centre part of town. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, for 8 people at 11:00 on Sunday.
What day would you like to book the table for?
I just told you! sunday! Now please go on and book and send me the reference number 
It seems that I can not reserve that at the moment. Would you like me to try a different restaurant?
How about at 10:00 instead?
I will book your reservation for 10:00 on Sunday.
OK, please do that and get me the reference number.
Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: SDY23J83.
That's all I need. Thanks for your help tonight.
Have a great night.
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I would like to find a hotel on the East side that offers free parking
I have six great options for you!
Okay, I am looking for a 1-star hotel. Are any of those options 1-star hotels?
No, there are no 1-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge. 
How about four star hotels that fit the same requirements?
i got 5 options. what is your price range?
Price doesn't matter to me as long as it comes with free parking.
carolina bed and breakfast is moderately priced and has free parking. would you like a reservation?
yes please,  people for 3 nights. what is a good place to eat nearby?
Let's get the hotel book and then we'll find a place to eat.  What nights would you like to stay? 
I would like to stay 3 nights starting Thursday.  I need the room for two people. 
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 6ZS8YKFJ. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Yes what kind of expensive restaurants are near the hotel? 
We have several.  What kind of food are you looking for?
Im not picky as long as it is in the same area as the hotel
Would you like to try yu garden?
book a table  for 2 people at11:00 on thursday
What type of food would you like and in what price range?
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
I have booked you a table at Yu Garden! The reference number is H2380GFA, and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that about covers it.  Thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I want a train leaving from norwich.
There are several trains leaving Norwich, what day are you leaving and where are you going? I also need the time you want to leave or arrive.   
I would like to leave after 14:30 and go to Cambridge, please.
Which day are you planning to travel?
I'm planning to leave on Thursday.
I have a 5:16 departure to Cambridge that arrives at 16:36. Would that do?
As long as you mean a 15:16 departure, I'll take 8 tickets, please.
Yes the departure time is 15:16. I booked you for 8 on Train ID TR8040.  The Reference number is : 1HY8AJ7Y.
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. Preferably a 3 star one.
What area of town would you like? Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't have a preference for either, but I'd like it to be in the type of hotel. I'll also need free parking. 
I have Gonville Hotel in centre area or The Lensfield hotel in the south area.  What is your preference?
The Gonville would be great, could you get me the phone number, price range, and postcode?
They are in the expensive range, located on gonville place, postal code cb11ly, they are reachable at 01223366611, may I assist with anything else?
No thank you for everything.
You are welcome. Have a good evening. 
Hello, do any trains run on Saturday?
Yes, we have many trains that operate on Saturday. Would you like to book one?
I'm looking for the train which arrives in Cambridge from Leicester. It should arrive by 19:30
Is there a time you would like to leave by?
No I don't have a leave time preference. Just not too early if I don't have too.
How about 9:09 will that work for you?
That might be too early. 
What is the earliest you would be like to leave by?
I'll take the one that leaves at 9:09.  It's fine.  What is the travel time on that train?
The travel time on train TR8070 is 105 minutes.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No but I am also looking for a place to stay in a moderate price range.
There are several in the moderate price range. Do you have a certain area in mind?
No, but I would like a 4 star rating.
Will you be needing parking and/or internet? 
Parking and internet are not of interest to me really.
The avalon meets your requirements. Would you like reservations?
Is the Avalon a guesthouse? If so, yes I would like to book for Saturday for 6 people, 4 nights. 
It is indeed a guesthouse, and I booked it for you. Your reference number is 2QPHXXOJ. How else can I help?
Thank you for making that reservations.
Would you like me to book you a train, or possibly a taxi? 
I don't need anything further.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
Thank you! You as well!
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a hotel that has free wifi please.
All right, we've got quite a few hotels that offer free wi-fi. What area of town would you prefer? 
I don't care what area, I just want to be sure it's a hotel with free wifi and parking and a star of 4 please.
Okay, I've found 3 hotels that meet your needs. Would you prefer expensive or cheap? 
I don't mind, just pick your favorite! Can you get me the postcode and tell me what part of town it's in?
The University Arms Hotel is in the town centre. Will that do? It's postcode is cb21ad.
That's fine. I'm also looking for nightclubs. 
There are a few. Can I suggest Ballare or Soul Tree Nightclub?.
Sure! Could you tell me the area, address, and phone number for the Ballare? 
The Ballare is in the centre of town. It's located at Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard. Their phone number is 01223364222. Did you need any other information?
No. That will be all. Thank you very much for your help today. 
Certainly. Thanks and goodbye.
I'm looking for an attraction in the west.
Are you looking for anything in particular? There are museums, colleges, and an entertainment venue on the west side of town.
I think a museum sounds good. 
There are several in that area. 4 has no entrance fee and 1 costs 3.50 pounds. Did you have a preference?
I suppose I could visit the one that cost. Could I get the address, phone number and postcode to that location please?
cambridge and county folk museum is located at 2-3 castle street post code cb30aq. their phone number is 01223355159. is there anything else i could help you with?
Actually, I'm looking for an expensive place to eat after I visit the museum. I'm hoping for latin american food.
I'm sorry, there are none that meet your criteria. Is there anything else you would prefer, or maybe a not-so-expensive restaurant?
How about Indian food.
There are five options, but I recommend maharajah tandoori restaurant, would you like more information or a booking?
Okay, please book for tuesday at 13:15. It'll be 5 of us dining. I'll need the reference number
I am sorry, our system is down and I can't get that booked right now. Is there anything else?
I will also need to book a taxi.
Your all set! Sorry for any confusion. Your ref number is 9UQFB5UA make sure you get there 15 minutes ahead!
Thank you. What kind of car will they be driving?
They will be driving a white skoda. Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you have their contact number?
Yes, their contact number is 07346227585
OK, I guess that is all. Thanks a lot!
You are welcome
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Great! I can help you with any tourist information you may need.
I am sorry, I meant a trip into Kings Lynn. I am coming from Cambridge and looking for a train. 
Ok, just tell me what day and time and I will be able to tell you what is available.
I'm leaving on Tuesday. I'd like to leave after 19:45.
TR9926 leaves at 20:11 and costs 20:11. how many tickets do i book?
2 people. I need the reference number too.
Ah, it appears that the earliest train, TR9926, leaves at 20:11, but it does arrive by 20:58. If that is okay, I could book that for you. 
Yes, please book that train.
I have the tickets booked for you.  What else can I help with?
I also need things to do in town.
What sort of attraction are you thinking of doing?
What would you suggest?
There are many churches in this area.
Before I forget, I need the reference number for the train booking. Also, I am looking for attractions in the south part of town, maybe something outdoors, if possible.
Of course, the train reference # is XMW6EMF9. Also, there are 2 parks in the south: wandlebury country park, and sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway. 
Thank you. May I have the phone number for wandlebury country park, please?
the phone number is 01223243830
That should be all fr now.
welcome any time you need us
I'm looking to get on a train on Saturday.
From where to where?
I'm leaving from London Liverpool Street and I need to arrive in Cambridge by 09:30. 
the TR2503 will get you to your destination at 9:07.
Perfect. Can you book that for me for 3 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.83 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is YSVSLY1L. Is there anything else you need today?
I also need a hotel in the East. 
Do you need parking at the hotel?
food type, book a hotel, buy a train ticket ...
i'm sorry could you clarify what it is you're looking for?
I need a train. The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on saturday.
I need to know where you are going and when.
Norwich and i need to leave after 16:30
TR6880 would fit your needs weel
Thanks. I can look for that one later when I book. I'm also looking for a restaurant called the Shiraz. 
Great, I found the Mediterranean restaurant called Shiraz. Their telephone number is 01223307581.
Thank you that is all I need for now.
Thank you for using our system today
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves german food. 
It looks like there are no German restaurants in the city. Would you like me to check for a different type of restaurant?
Yes, how about portuguese food?
There are two restaurants in the cheap price range that serve Portuguese food. What area would you like to go to?
It doesn't matter.
nandos serves portuguese food and in the cheap price range. is there anything else I can help you with? 
I would like the address of Nandos restaurant, please.
Nandos is located in the south part of the city and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Anything else you need?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you good bye.
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant with modern european food. It should be in the moderate price range.
What area are you wanting to be in?
Doesn't really matter. Is there one in the centre?
Yes, there are 2: De Luca Cucina and Bar & Riverside Brasserie. Would you like further information?
Can I book De Luca Cucina and Bar for 6 people at 19:15 on saturday please?
Your tabled has been reserved for 6 people on Saturday at 19:15. The reference number is  9EB2IM2S.
Thank you so much.  That is all I need for now.  Have a great day.
Thank you. Goodbye.
I'd like to find an east side restaurant that is expensive. 
There are five restaurants matching your request. What kind of food would you like?
Chinese food sound good.
yu garden serves chinese food, is in the east part of town and is in the expensive price range.  Would you like their location? 
What is their address and postcode?
yu garden chinese east expensive 01223 248882 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton C.B 5, 8 P.A
Thank you goodbye.
thank you  and good bye
I need to take a train out of Cambridge, I will be leaving town on Wednesday.
There are 5 trains out of Cambridge on Wednesday. Do you have a departure time in mind? 
I'd like to go to peterborough and leave after 12:45, I have to attend a meeting beforehand.
TR1879 leaves at 13:06 on Wednesday.  Will that work for you?
What is the price of the fair and could you tell me what is the arrival time into Peterborough?
The price is 16.50 pounds and the train will arrive in Peterborough by 13:56 Wednesday.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Yes, one ticket please, can I also get the reference number?
I booked you one seat on TR1879 departing Cambridge for Peterborough on Wednesday at 13:06, Reference: xu1qlhvw. Can I help further today?
I am also looking for a museum in centre. Could you give me the address, postcode and phone number of one? 
The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King Street, postcode cb11ln. Their phone number is 01223314960. Is there anything else you need?
That's all I need right now. Thanks, you have been very helpful!
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I would like to find a guesthouse to stay at with a 4 star rating.
OK, do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
I'd like it to be expensive, but have free wifi.
I'm sorry, there are absolutely no guesthouses that meet those requirements.  Can I look for something different?
How about a cheap one?
I have several guesthouses in the cheap price range.  Do you have a preference in the part of town?
I do not care what area.
How about the alexander bed and breakfast?  It is a guesthouse in the centre with 4 stars.  It includes free internet and parking.  Shall I book it?
Actually I would just like their postcode at the moment.
Sure, the guesthouse postcode is cb12de. Do you need help with anything else? 
No thank you that will be all
welcome and have a nice day
I'm sorry I am also looking for a restaurant called bedouin.
Yes, it's an african restaurant in the centre. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Can I book for 8 people on Saturday at 16:00?
Your table is reserved at Bedouin, the reference number is 8KD5RUKV. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you. That is all I needed. 
Have a lovely day, goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking to book a ticket for a train departing on Sunday from Cambridge please?
What is your destination? 
I want to arrive at London Kings Cross.
What time would you like to leave by?  It is a 51 minute trip for 18.88 pounds.
I don't have a departure time but I want to arrive by 21:30.
There is a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday at 19:00.  It arrives at London Kings Cross at 19:51.  May I book that for you?
No, I just needed the information, thanks.  Have you heard of the Meze Bar Restaurant?
I need more information on the restaurant because my system is not showing me anything on it.
Hi, can you fill me in on some details about a place called jesus green outdoor pool, please?
It's a swimming pool in the North. Phone # is 01223302579 and it's between victoria road and the river. Anything else I can help you with?
That is the full address that you mentioned?
Sure.  The address showing is between victoria road and the river.  Again, their phone number is 0122330257.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes I'd like some info on a place to eat in the centre.
There are many to choose from! Did you have a type of food or price range in mind? I like Shanghai Family Restaurant, myself. It's a moderately-priced Chinese restaurant.
I'd like an expensive world food restaurant.
I am not showing an expensive world restaurant in the centre.  Would you like to try other areas?
How about one that serves gastropub food instead?
I have two places in the Centre fitting that criteria. 
Is it expensive?
Yes, both of the gastropubs in the center of town are expensive. I recommend the BackStreet Bistro. 
That sounds good.  Can you book it for 4 at 12:15 on Friday, please?
I was able to book it reference number is T2VZ7MJU
Great!  I also need a taxi to commute between the swimming pool and the restaurant, please.
You are welcome! Please call us back if you need anything further.
Can you find me an expensive restaurant in the north?
There are five expensive places to dine in the North. Would you like to try asian oriental cuisine?
Yes. That's exactly what I'm looking for. 
Saigon City at 169 High Street Chesterton fits the description. Shall I make a reservation for you?
Yes, please. Can you make a reservation for 7 people at 12:30 on a Tuesday? Thanks
I made a reservation for you at Saigon City for a party of 7 on Tuesday at 12:30. Your reference is N2FHZ30Y. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Wonderful. I'm also looking for a cool place to check out in the same area. 
There are 79 attractions, would you like to try cineworld cinema?
I actually want to find a museum and it should be in the same area as my restaurant
Sorry, I'm not seeing any results. Want to try a different type or area?
Let's try for a boat type instead then
There is one listing here. It is riverboat georgina. Its entrance fee is unlisted but the address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, postcode cb43ax and phone 01223902091
Thanks, I don't need anything else today! bye!
Ok.  Have a great day.
I'm on a tight budget so I need to find a cheap restaurant that serves chinese food
Sure, do you prefer the south part of town or do you want to stay in the centre?
It doesn't matter.
The Rice House is a great cheap Chinese restaurant located in the centre of town.  Would you like me to book you a table there?
Yes. Can you reserve one for 4 people at 16:45 on Sunday?
I'm sorry my reservation system is not working today. Here is their phone number and address. 01223367755 at 88 Mill Road City Centre. Postcode is cb12bd. Enjoy your meal!
Hi, I just had a fight with someone regarding an automobile accident we had and I need to contact the police!
I have the parkside cambridge police telephone 01223358966.
Can I get the zip code or postal code for the area I'm in right now?
I'm not sure where you are, but the police postcode is CB11JG.
Thank you, Goodbye
always welcome. at your service
Can you find me a train going to Cambridge on Sunday?
What departure site were you interested in?
I am looking to depart from bishops stortford and need to arrive by 13:15.
I have four trains leaving from bishops stratford on Sunday.  The last one arrives in Cambridge at 12:07.  Would you like to book?
I think so. How much is that train? And can you tell me the travel time?
The cost is 8.08 GBP per ticket, and the travel time is 38 minutes.
Thanks. I'm also wondering what kind of information you have on Pizza Express.
Pizza express serves italian food, is located in the centre of town, in the moderate price range, their phone number is 01223324033, postcode is cb213b, and at Regent Street City Centre
Great! Thank you very much for your help.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No.  Thank you.  That's great.
Happy to be of service - have a wonderful day!
Can you tell me about Christ's College?
It is in the center of town. What else would you like to know?
Do you happen to have the telephone number for Christ's College?
I sure do! It's 01223334900. Can I help you with any other information searches today?
I also need a train leaving from bishops stortford to cambridge.
What time do you wish to leave?
I need to leave on Friday some time after 21:30.
There is a train that leaves at 23:29, TR3547.  Would you like me to confirm the reservation for you?
Yes, that would be great. 
Perfect. Your total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 9C24B086. 
Thank you very much, I've got what I need.
Wonderful. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a concerthall in the centre.
The place to go is the man on the moon.  Need a phone number?
No thanks. I'm actually looking for an address please. 
The address is 2 norfolk street. 
i'm also trying to catch a train on saturday.
Sure, I can help you with that.  What time were you wanting to leave around?  
I would like to leave after 8:15.
Which stations will you be using?
Broxbourne and Cambridge.
Which will you be leaving from ?
I will be departing from Broxbourne.
One more question: What day will you be travelling?
On Saturday, please.
There are many trains getting to cambridge on saturday from broxbourne. Do you have a specific time you want to be there by?
The train should leave after 08:15. 
We have trains running every hour from 08:32 to 23:32. I can get you on the TR2025	 that leaves at 10:32 if you'd like.
What is the price for the TR2025? And how long is the trip?
Please Provide me with this information, as I cannot travel without it.
I am still waiting on that information. Can I get the cost of the ticket and the travel time please!
Sorry about that, the TR2025 costs 14.32 pounds, and is a 60 minute trip. The TR9384 leaves earlier, at 8:32, and costs the same amount. Want me to book one?
No thank you! That will be all for today! 
Thank you for using this system goodbye
I want to visit somewhere with interesting architecture. 
All saints church is available, would you like to try that?
nice, would like to
It is free to visit it's located at jesus lane postcode cb58bs and the phone number is 01223452587. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a place to stay. Can you recommend a hotel in the West area, please?
Finches Bed and Breakfast is a popular choice, because it's inexpensive but rated 4 stars. Is a guesthouse okay, or do you need something else?
That will work can you book that for me please?
Could you please provide me with how many nights you are staying, how many people, and what day your stay starts?
I'm not ready to book quite yet.  Can I just get the information for the time being? 
Of course. Their address is 144 Thornton Road, post code cb30nd. Their number is 01223276653. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You know, actually come to think of it I really need something 3 star that is in the centre of town instead of the west. Do you have anything? 
There is the Gonville Hotel.  It's located in postcode CB1 1LY and the phone number is 01223366611.
Thank you that will be all
fantastic, have a great day!
I want to find a hospital in town
The Addenbrookes Hospital is here in town. Is there particular department you need help contacting?
No, I just need the postcode.
Okay. The postcode is CB20QQ
Thank you for your help. 
Thank you for contacting us. Don't hesitate to contact us in the future if you need any more help.
I'm looking for a place to stay, I would need wifi, and would prefer moderate pricing?
We have acorn guest house that should fit your needs.
No, I'm looking for a hotel. It has to have 0 stars
There is cityroomz hotel, is the centre of town an okay area?
Is that a zero star place?
That is indeed a 0 star hotel. Would you like to book a room?
No, I am also looking for a Chinese restaurant in the same price range as the hotel. 
The yu garden is a good place. May I reserve a table for you?
What area is it?
529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton	
What side of town is the restaurant on. Is it in the centre?
Yu Garden is an expensive place on the east side of town.
Thank you.  That should be all of the information I need.  
Thank you, please contact us again if you need any other information. Have a good day!
Hi, I need to take a train on Sunday that leaves after 08:45. 
Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from Cambridge and need to go to Leicester.
I have train TR3371 that leaves at 09:21 and arrives in Leicester at 11:06. Would this work for you? 
Yes, that will work. Please reserve 7 seats on it for my party and I.
Here is the booking information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 211.67 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : B7ID18CR.
I'm also looking for information on the huntingdon marriott hotel. 
It is an expensive 4 star hotel located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon on the west side of town. Phone number and postcode are  01480446000 and pe296fl. 
That's perfect, thanks! 
Can I go ahead and book this for you?
no, i just need their address.
It Kingfisher way in Hincibrook buisness park,huntington
Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ.
Great, thank you for your help.
Thank you, Goodbye.
Hey, I'm trying to find a restaurant called Taj Tandoori. What do you know about that?
I show the Taj Tandoori located in the south. They serve Indian style cuisine and are in the expensive price range. May I book a table for you?
Yes please. I would like a reservation for 4 people at 15:00 on tuesday.
I'm sorry but there wasn't a table available at that time. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes, please.  If you could find one similar to Taj Tandoori, that would be perfect. 
I'm sorry Taj Tandoori is the only Indian Cuisine available in the south, would you like to try a different cuisine?
Sure, but let's try to keep it in the same area and price range please.
I booked a table for you at peking restaurant. Reference number is XPE4EOGJ. Anything else today?
Okay that is all I need at the moment.
Okay. Enjoy your dining experience.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.
What can I help you with?
I would like info on train travel.
What day would you like to travel? Where are you departing and arriving to?
I'd like to leave on Saturday. Any train is fine. I'll just need the departure time and price. 
Where are you leaving from and where are you going to?
The train should arrive by 11:45 in Cambridge. I am leaving on Saturday from Birmingham New Street on Saturday. Also need places to go in the east side of town.
I have a train departing Birmingham New Street on Saturday at 22:40 and arriving in Cambridge at 1:23. Tickets are 60.08 pounds, would you like to book this train?
Yes, please book me.
How many tickets will you be needing? 
Just one for myself, please, and thank you. 
Ok, the booking was successful, the total fee is 60.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UEEAKF0Q. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I would like information on attractions in the east.
Is there a specific type of attraction you are looking for?
Nope. Any that you recommend will be fine. I'll just need the postcode, entrance fee, and attraction type. 
Okay I recommend the Funky Fun House which is entertainment in the east. 
Okay, thanks! What type of attraction is it?
It is an entertainment attraction. Would you like their phone number and address?
Just the postcode please
The post code is cb58hy. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is everything, thank you for your help.
I'm glad I could help.  Have a nice day!
I am in the center are of Cambridge, are there any Japanese restaurants in that part of town?
Yes. There is one Japanese restaurant in the centre. It is called Wagamama and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to place a reservation?
Yes, if you could that would be great. Can I get their number please?
Phone number is 01223462354. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need reservations for 8 people please.
What day and time would you like the reservation for?
I need a table for 8 at 14:30 on thursday.
Reference number is : KJBB2GXB. Anything else? 
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the same area as the restaurant.  Possibly and entertainment type of venue.
Unfortunately, there aren't any entertainment venues in the centre.  Would you like me to search for a different type of venue or in a different area?
Yes, could you try the north please?
I'm sorry, there are none in the north. I have found a few in the east, south and west. Would any of those areas work for you?
okay are their any colleges around? I need a phone number, entrance fee and address of one that you would recommend please
My favorite college in the centre is Jesus College on Jesus Lane. It's very Jesus-y. Would you like their contact information?
phone number, entrance fee, and address.
The phone number is 01223339485.
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the college to the restaurant that arrives by the time of my reservation?
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey Volkswagen and their contact number is 07598698020.
Have a nice day.
Thank you. You as well!
Hi I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town serving north indian food.
We don't have any specific restaurants in that category. Let's try something else?
That's too bad.  How about Chinese?
Okay sure what do you have?
Okay when you find something I would like to make a reservation for 2 people on a Sunday at 13:30.
Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't mind about the price range.
Okay, how about lan hong house? It is a chinese restsurant in the centre area and is in the moderate price range. Will that work for you?
That's fine.  Can you try booking it?
I'm sorry, but I wasn't able to book the restaurant for that date and time.  Would you like to try a different time?
How about 12:30?
You are booked for 12:30 on Sunday for 2 people. Your reference number is F1NTKWZO. Is there something else I can help you with?
Thanks so much.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
I am wanting an expensive restaurant that offers African food. What is their number?
Where are you located? I see two that might work but Id like to offer the closest.
I do not care about the area of town.
Bedouin is an expensive African restaurant in the city centre. 
That sounds good, what is their number so that I can ring them?
Their phone number is 01223 367660.
Great! Thank you. Good Bye. 
You're welcome, goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay in the north with a 0 star rating.
There is one place, City Centre North B and B. It is a guest house that has internet and parking available, is cheap, and is at 328a Histon Road.
Okay thank you so much!
Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you!
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
What is the phone number and post code for that B and B?
The phone number is 01223312843 and the postcode is cb43ht. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I need a restaurant that serves sri lankan food in the same area.
There are no sri lankan restaurants in that area. Is there another type of food place you'd like to try?
That's OK, can you look for an Italian food restaurant. 
There's da vinci pizzeria in the north located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
No that will be all thank you
Thanks, please let me know if you need anything else.
I need a train out of Cambridge on Wednesday.
What's your destination? 
I will be going to Broxbourne. 
There are several departures to Broxbourne on Wednesday, what time would you like to depart?
On Wednesday and arriving in broxburne before 14:45.
Yes I have a train arriving in Broxbourne at 15:01. Will that work?
No, I need to arrive by 14:45. 
I do apologize.  I have a train leaving Cambridge at 13:01 and it will arrive at your destination of Broxbourne by 14:01.  Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, that will be fine. Please book the train for 4 people. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : CPMONUFV. May I be of further assistance? 
Yes, do you know of any expensive Indian restaurants in the centre?
There are several, I recommend Curry Garden. Would you like me to reserve a table for you there?
yes please, book a table for the same group of people at 11:45 on the same day.
Good news - your booking was successful. Your reference number is F71CUM9G. Is there anything else we can help you with today?
No, not today, thank you.
Have a great trip.
Thank you and have a great day.
I hope you have a great trip. Goodbye.
Do you have any information on the University Arms Hotel? I've heard it's a nice place.
I sure do. The University Arms hotel is a more expensive hotel in the centre of town. It has 4 stars and includes free wifi and free parking.
I need a room for one person starting sunday for 3 nights
Unfortunately, they don't have availability for that day and length of stay. Would you like to stay on another day or shorten the stay? 
All right, what about 2 nights?
Booking was successful for 2 nights on Sunday for 1. Your reference number is YK9Z9AKE. Is there anything more I can assist you with? 
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
Thank you for booking with us and have a great day.
Do you know if there are any cheap places to eat in the North part of town?
We have two places that meet your criteria, royal spice and da vinci pizzeria, any preference between those two?
Royal spice sounds interesting, can I get the food type, address and postcode please?
The food price is cheap, postal cold cb41eh and address is victoria avenue chesterton.
What kind of food do they serve there?
Royal Spice serves Indian food.  Does that sound interesting to you? 
Yes, thank you. I'm also looking for a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant.
We have quite a few cheap and moderate priced guesthouses in the north.  Do you care about parking or internet?
I'm hoping for a 3 star place, don't care about internet.
The Hamilton Lodge meets your needs and offers parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, 7 people for 2 nights starting on sunday.
I have your party of 7 booked at Hamilton Lodge for 2 nights starting on Sunday. Your reference number is EW29SOTO.
Thank you for all your help!
Will that be all today?
That is all I need today.
I hope your stay is enjoyable.
Thank you! I am sure it will be thanks to your help.
excellent, have a great day!
Are there any Danish restaurants on the east side of town?
There are not any Danish restaurants on the east side. Is there another search I can do for you?
What about Chinese?
the yu garden is in the east side.
Book it! Friday, 13:15, 3 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : R6HQVD9O. is there anything else i can do for you?
I am also looking for the hotel, Autumn House. Do you know of it?
Yes I do. The Autumn House is a 4 star guesthouse in the East area with both parking and internet. May I help you book your stay?
Yes, that would be great. Please book for the three of us for 3 nights starting on Friday.
Booking was successful, and they will hold your  table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is R6HQVD9O. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks so much for your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.
Have a wonderful day and a great trip. If there is anything else I can help with just let me know.
what is a good tourist spot?
We have a wide variety of restaurant choices! The options range from Asian Oriental, European, and French. I can give you information on any of those choices if you want. 
Actually, I was looking for italian food in the moderate price range.
There are 5 such restaurants. What area of town would you like?
It really doesn't matter.
There are 5 restaurants that fit your criteria, 4 of those appear to be pizza places. Does that sound okay with you?
Go ahead and choose the one you recommend and book me a table for 2 on Sunday at 14:15. Thanks. 
I'm very sorry that time is not available at any of the 5 restaurants, would you like to try a little earlier or later possibly? 
Is 13:15 available?
Booking was successful for the Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, located at G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Your reference number is ZYOHEW6U.
I am looking for a train that departs kings lynn on sunday.
I have several trains available. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive?
I'm looking to get to Cambridge on Sunday by 10:45
There is one that arrives by 9:58 TR1526 if that works for you.
Yes. Could you make a booking for 2 people? I need a reference number as well.
The booking was successful. Your reference number is E9GWV6VS. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great that's all I needed, thanks.
Lovely. Enjoy your trip!
Can you help me find a train departing cambridge going to bishops stortford?
I am happy to assist you, what date and time will you need?
tuesday and I would like to get there by 13:15
The closest I can get you to 13:15 is 12:07 and that will be TR4041. Does that work for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need to know the price and departure time please?
That train departs at 11:29. The cost is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, I do need a place to stay though, I want a nice 4 star place with free wifi, please.
These are several selections available to you. Let me know which choice you have made and I will make the required booking for you.  I can recommend Marriott but the Cambridge Belfry is cheaper. All three close to all of our attractions and all the main restaurants.  
Hi! I'm searching for a Panasian restaurant in the south part of town.
There are no restaurants matching your request.  Would you like to find another restaurant? 
Are there any Indian restaurants in the south part of town?
taj tandoori is an indian one in the south part of town.
What is the phone number of Taj Tandoori?
The phone number is 01223 412299.
Thank you.  Goodbye. 
Thank you. Goodbye. 
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and could use some help for sure.  I am so excited to see some local tourist attractions.  
We have 79 attractions to choose from, anything specific that you would like to tell us to help narrow it down?
I'm looking for a hotel called cityroomz.
Cityroomz is a 0-star hotel in the center of town. Its address is Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road.
Can you please book a room for 4 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday? 
Booking was successful.Reference number is : WGUYAGN2 anything else i can help?
Thanks. I am also looking for places to go in town. Perhaps an attraction in the city centre.
I have the all saints church located at jesus lane and it's free entrance. 
That sounds perfect. Thanks!
Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. That's all I need. Goodbye. 
Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day. 
I need a train that is leaving from ely.
I can help with that, what day will you be traveling and where will you be traveling to?
I am going on wednesday and should go to cambridge.
fantastic. what time do you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to leave after 17:15
I have train TR8610 that leaves at 17:35 and will arrive in Cambridge at 17:52. Would this work for you? 
Yes great!. Now could you help me find a place to dine in the city center in the moderate price range?
What type of food would you like?
I am looking for something that serves New Zealand food. Do you have anything?
I'm sorry, we don't have any restaurants in the centre that serve new zealand food. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
How about gastropub instead? 
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is the only Gastropub in the area. It is in the center of town and is of moderate price. 
That would be great, could you book a table for the same number of people at 20:30 on the same day?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : P05FIQFR.
thanks alot for your assistance. bye
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a park to visit in Cambridge?
Is there a specific area you'd like to visit a park in?
I have no area preference. Can you suggest a park for me? Thanks a lot
My suggestion would be the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. The do charge 4 pounds for entrance but it is by far worth it. They are located on Bateman Street. 
Okay, what area is that in?
It's in the centre area.
Great, thanks. Also, can you tell me a little about a restaurant called La Mimosa?
Sure, that's a mediterranean restaurant located in the centre area.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, and can I get a phone number and area? 
01223362525. Would you like me to book you a table?
Actually, no I don't. 
Okay, is there anything else I can help with today?
That was all I needed today, thank you so much.
You're welcome, have a great day. 
Good afternoon! I'd like to visit an expensive european restaurant. Will you help me find one?
Yes there are 5 restaurants that meet your requirements. Do you have a part of town or type of food you prefer?
No, surprise me. I will need the address and the area, though.
Eraina is a very nice restaurant in the centre. How many in your party? And what day and time should I make your reservation for?
I don't need a reservation, I just need the address and the area.
It is the centre area and its address is Free School Lane City Centre	
Great,I also need information on getting a train.
Where would you like to depart and arrive? 
I'll need one from leicester to cambridge on saturday, leaving after 16:30
I have a train for you that leaves at 17:09. Would you like me to book it? 
What time does it arrive and the price?
The train arrives at 18:54 and costs 30.24 pounds.
Okay. Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks, that will be all.
Alright. Thanks for using our service and have a nice day. Goodbye. 
I want to find a guesthouse in the south area of Cambridge.
I found a few different options, ranging from cheap to moderate. What is your price range?
Expensive. Thank you.
I do not have an expensive guesthouse in the South.  Would you like to try a different area of town?
Yes, try the north please. 
I would suggest avalon. Do you need me to book this?
actually, i still want a place in the south. maybe try a moderate price range.
Bridge guest house is a nice place would you like me to book it for you ?
Do they have free parking?
they have free parking. Shall i book it ?
I'm not quite ready to make a reservation, but can you tell me their postcode and phone number so I can ring them later if I change my mind?
Sure, you can call 01223247942 to reach them and they are found in postcode cb28rj
Great! I am looking for a place to swim, could you find one?
I have a few but there's one located in the centre area. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, please. Can I have the postcode, entrance fee, and address?
Parkside pools is located in the centre, postcode cb11ly. The address is gonville place. There is no entrance fee information listed. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes I also need a taxi to pick me up from the swimming pool and hotel.
I will need a time to be picked up or a time you want to leave before I can book a taxi.
I want to leave the hotel at 01:30.
A black Toyota will pick you up at 11:30. Contact number is 07156228714. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thank you, that will be all! have a good day!
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
Hello, I am looking for the closet hospital.
Addenbrookes Hospital is the closest hospital. They are at Hills Rd, Cambridge and their number is 01223245151.  Is there anything further i can assist with?
Yes, I also need the postcode. 
The postcode is CB20QQ. Can I assist you further today?
No. That is all. Thank you. 
I am very glad to assist you today. Good bye!
Hi, I'd like to try some Indian food. What do you have? 
Oh, there are many nice Indian restaurants to choose from.  What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a cheap Indian restaurant located in the centre,
I suggest Kohinoor.  The address is 74 Mill Road City Centre.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
Sure.  I just need a table for myself at 14:00 on Wednesday.
Unfortunately, they are booked at that time. Can I try another time for you? 
Okay, let's try for 13:00 instead.
That was successful. Your reference number is HMN75TCM.
Wonderful!  I also need some information about a hotel called the Hamilton Lodge.  Can you help me with that?
I sure can! The Hamilton is a guesthouse on the north side. It is moderately priced, has 3 stars, free internet and parking. Would you like a room?
Can you reserve me a taxi that arrives to the restaurant before 14:00 on wednesday?
Can you tell me where you will be leaving from?  Do you want me to make a hotel reservation for you?
I will be leaving from hamilton lodge and heading to the restaurant. 
Your car is booked. A black tesla will pick you up at Hamilton Lodge and get you to Kohinoor by 14:00. Their contact number is 07942596374 if you need to call.
Thank you so much, that is everything that I need.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a taxi.  I need to leave from Golden House at 12:15.
Sure, can I have the destination for your taxi please?
I'm headed to the soul tree nightclub.
I have booked a taxi for you. It is a blue ford and the contact number is 07710275202. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you.
Have a nice day!
I'm looking for a train from norwich to cambridge. 
What day would you like to leave and is there a particular time you would like to arrive by?
I would like to leave on Tuesday and arrive by 13:30.
I am sorry there are not trains to arrive at 13.31. The first train leaves at 5:16 and arrives at 6:35. The trains depart every hour.
Ill just take earliest train then please.
How many tickets would you like?
I don't need you to reserve it but I do need the train info and the travel time.
The train id is TR0839 and it leave at 11:16 and arrives by 12:35.
Can you tell me what the total travel time for that is? 
The total travel time is 79 minutes. 
Thank you. That's all I need. 
Have a good day, thanks.  
Hello, I am looking to book a restaurant in the centre in Cambridge and be moderate in price. 
How about Restaurant One Seven, it is British food but just what you're looking for. 
Thank you, I need to book a reservation for 2 at 16:00 on Thursday, can you please give me reference number? 
Your table is booked at Restaurant Seven One. Your reference number is MF59X2RK.
Great, thanks! I'll also need a train from cambridge that leaves after 11:00. Can you help me with that?
Absolutely, you have many options. What day were you thinking of making this trip?
I need to leave friday and go to birmingham new street
There's a train departing at 11:01. Would that work? If not, the train's are every hour at 1 minute past. I can book whichever train you'd like.
Yes, that would probably work. What time does the train departing at 11:01 arrive at Birmingham new street?
It arrives at 13:44. Would you like me to book this for you?
Possibly. What is the train ID?
Sure the train id is TR6564, can I book this for you, 
Not at this time. That is all I need, thank you.
Great! Thanks for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
I am looking for a place called stazione restaurant and coffee bar. Can you help me?
Of course, Stazione is an Italian restaurant in the city centre. would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. I would like to book a table for 7 on saturday at 11:15 please. And I'll need a reference number.
Your reservation is set. Reference number ZX0558LA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm looking for information on an attraction called the cambridge corn exchange. 
It's a theatre on wheeler street in the center part of town. Is there something particular you'd like to know?
Yes, I'm just curious of the entrance fee.
I'm sorry. I'm unable to find the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi between the two places, I need to arrive by  at the restaurant 11:15. 
I booked you a taxi from The Cambridge Corn Exchange to Stazione Restaurant. Look for a Red BMW, contact number 07906175521.  Can I help more today?
No, that's all. Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome, have a fantastic day.
Find me a place to stay. I need a hotel in the moderate price range with a star of 4.
What area of town interests you most ?
Any area is fine, as long as the place has free wifi.
Will you need free parking as well?
Yes, I will also need free parking.
There are no hotels in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating.  Is there another price range or star rating that you would like me to check?
Just check moderate price range then please!
We have the Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge that fit what you want, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes just for me. For four nights please
What day would you like you stay to start?
I would like my reservations to start on sunday. 
Done! Your reference number is WTJER271. Can I help you with anything else?
i also want a train to take me to ely
On what day do you need to go to Ely?
Thursday, please. I need to leave from Cambridge.
Ok! There are 10 trains; do you have a time preference?
Yes, I would like to arrive by 20:15.
TR7355 arrives in ely by 18:07, or there is also one that arrives by 20:07.  Would you like to book a ticket for one of these?
Yes please. I need one ticket. 
Your ticket has been booked. Your reference number is 561MGK3J. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
I am looking for a moderate priced restaurant in the centre of town please.
There are over 20 options that fit that criteria, do you have a specific food type in mind?
Not really...but I do need to make a reservation for 3 on Tuesday. At 3:45 in the afternoon?
There are five options that are in Centre part of town.
I am looking for a hotel in Cambridge.
There are over 30 places of lodging in the city. Would you prefer a certain part of town, or a particular type of lodging such as a guest house or hotel?
Just a 4 star guesthouse that has free parking please.
What area would you like the guesthouse to be in?
Do not care what area,it will be for 2 people and for 4 nights starting Wednesday. 
Would you like me to book you at the acorn guest house? It has free parking and it's a 4-star hotel.
Can we book it for 2 people for 4 nights?
I am sorry I couldn't get that booked for you perhaps another day or a shorter day possibly?
Could you try it for one night only?
Yes booking is available for one night,would you like me to place it?
Yes please, and I'll need the reference number.
Ok I have made that reservation for you the reference number is OXWO0RWD.
I am also looking for an expensive mediterranean restaurant in the west.
I'm sorry there are no matches for what you are looking for. Would you like something else?
Yes, how about a restaurant that serves Indian food?
There are 5 Expensive Indian restaurants in the west. I recommend Cocum. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Cocum sound fine, but I just need the postcode, please.  No reservation.  
Of course.  The postcode for the Cocum is cb30ah.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! That's all I need. Goodbye!
Enjoy your meal!
When visit I would like to visit King's College, do you have the times and the address?
The address is King's Parade. I don't have the times. Do you need anything else?
I need the post code and the entrance fee. 
The entrance fee is free and the post code is cb21st. 
Thanks. I'm also looking for a place to dine at. Can you help with that too?
Yes, what type of restaurant are you looking at?
I am looking for some south indian food that is expensive. 
Unfortunately there are no South Indian cuisine restaurants in your preferred area. Would you like me to check another part of town?
No, can you search for Chinese food instead?
What area of town would you like to eat in?
North and moderate price range
We have one Chinese restaurant in that area, Golden Wok.  Would you like to make a reservation?
No, I don't need one right now. In fact, I'm all set. Thanks for all your help!
thank you and enjoy your stay!
Can you find the restaurant names Loch Fyne?
Sure! Loch fyne is an expensive seafood restaurant located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. I need one for friday at 13:45. I'll be dining alone. 
I apologize but I was unable to book you for the restaurant. Would you like for me to find you another restaurant?
Sure, any other restaurant in the centre that is expensive would be fine.
There are many resturants that meet those criteria.  Would you prefer African, Asian, British, Chrinese, European, French, Gastropub, Indian, Italian, Japanese, korean, mediterranean, north american, Turkish or thai?
Can you check for another restaurant in the same area and pricerange?
Could I suggest going out of the norm and trying bedouin? It's an african restaurant in the same price range and area. 
Yes, please book the restaurant bedouin for me. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MTBHNB92. Anything else?
No that will be all, thanks for all of your help. Sorry I was such a bother
No problem at all.  have a great day!
Thank you! You were great!
Thank you. Have a great day!
I am looking for a certain hotel. Could you see if you might have any info on it?
Sure thing! Can you give me the name of the place?
Yes, I'm looking for Hobson's House. 
Yes, it is a guesthouse in the west part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like to know anything else about it.
Could I get the postcode please?
Postcode is CB39LH.  Anything else?
No, that's it.  Thanks!
Have a great day!
Hello!  I am looking for train schedules from Leicester.  Can you help me with that?
Sure! There are several trains leaving from leicester. What destination, day and time would you like me to search?
I like a train going to cambridge on tuesday please.
Okay.  It looks as if there are trains leaving Leicester for Cambridge every hour starting at 5:09 and ending at 23:09 on Tuesday. 
Pick one. I need the travel time and arrival time. Any one after 20:15.
You have one leaving at 21:09, what time do you want to arrive by?
Thank you that will work fine for me and my husband
The booking was successful. Your reference number is RWRKP9L6
I also need a hotel with free wifi and free parking. 
I have several excellent options. Did you have an area of town in mind?
No, I just would like a guesthouse. 
Sure, I'd suggest Acorn Guest House at 154 Chesterton Road CB41DA. It's moderately priced with 4 stars. Would that work for you?
Can you please make a reservation for just me, for 4 nights starting tuesday?
Your reference number is HYEDH9O5, anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, you have been very helpful. Have a great day.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great time!  Goodbye!
Hi! Can you help me find a train? I need to travel on Thursday.
I can absolutely help you with that!  Can you please tell me where you will be departing from and the destination?
I'm departing Cambridge Thursday and want to arrive in Stevenage by 8:00.
I have one train leaving at 05:21 and arriving at 06:10. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
What is the price and travel time for this particular train?
The price is 12.80 pounds and the duration of the train ride is 49 minutes.
Thank you. Can you also find me a museum to go to?
There are several fine museums to visit, what area of town would you like?
I would like something in the center of town, please.
Broughton House Gallery is a free nice museum. The address is 98 King Street. Would you like the phone number?
Yes please, I'd like the number.
Their number is 01223314960.
Great. Thank you very much for all of your help.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy your day.
I want to take a train to cambridge on thursday.
There are 202 trains to Cambridge that day. 
I am leaving London Kings Cross and I need to arrive by 14:15.
TR2512 will depart at 13:17 and arrive at 14:08. The trip will take 51 minutes and it will cost 23.60 pounds. Would you like book?
No, not yet. I would like to know what kinds of colleges I can visit whilst I'm in town though.
We have many options, 18 to be exact, any preference for area?
Could you recommend a college that is enjoyed by the most people? I would like the college's phone number and entrance fee, please.
Clare college costs 2.50 pounds to enter. Their phone number is 01223333200. Anything more for you today?
Nope, that takes care of all my needs! Thanks, goodbye!
Happy to help, have a great day!
Yes I need a train on Thursday to go to Cambridge.
Where would you like to leave from?
Sorry, I am leaving peterborough.
What is the day of travel?
Thursday, and it should arrive by 13:30.
We have many trains that match your request, is there a specific time you want to leave by?
I don't want to get there too early. What is the train  that will get me there nearest to 13:30.
TR3798 gets there at 13:09. 
That's perfect I think. Please reserve 7 tickets for my group, and let me know the reference number when you have one.
Okay great! Your reference number is EOQ7QISL, is there anything else you need?
I will be in the north part of town. I'm looking for a place to go. I might even want to go swimming. Any suggestions?
I have 2 pools in the north.  I think you may like Jesus Green outdoor pool.  Would you like their information?
Yes. Can I have the postcodes, phone numbers, and addresses?
The Jesus Green outdoor pool's phone number is 01223302579, postcode is cb43px and the address is between victoria road and the river. May I provide any further assistance?
No, you have helped tremendously.  Thank you. 
Thank you! Have a good day. Good bye.
I'm looking for a nice, expensive restaurant on the south side of town.
I have 5 restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you looking for a certain type of food?
Can you find out if any of then can take a reservation at 7:15 pm on Wednesday for 8 people?
I see that out of the five restaurants, four are able to accommodate your reservation. Would you prefer Chinese, Italian, Indian or Mexican cuisine?
Mexican sounds good.
I have successfully booked it.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 7:15:PM. Your reference number is X4TB06R2.
Perfect! Thank you!
Great. Have a great mexican meal!
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
Certainly.  Some of your options are: The Grafton Hotel Restaurant, the Pipasha restaurant, the Royal Standard, the Sitar Tandoon, and the Yu Garden.
So many choices.  Can you just suggest one and give me the address, phone number and postcode? 
How about Pipasha restaurant, they serve indian food, and their phone number is 01223 577786. Their address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and their postcode is C.B 5, 8 P.A
Thank you very much!
Thank you, goodbye.
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town.
the missing sock is a cheap restaurant in the east .
What is the address and phone number?
Their phone number is 01223 812660 and their address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
OK, thanks. That's all I need.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
what museum would you recommend in the east part of cambridge?
I would recommend cambridge artworks, it is a museum in the east and has free entrance. Would you like any more information?
I am also looking for the Limehouse hotel. Do you know if they have internet?
Yes, the Limehouse hotel has internet. Would you like more information about this hotel?
Yes, how many stars is is rated?
Limehouse is a 4 star hotel.  Would you like to book it?
That's ok. I can take care of booking myself. Would you know a place in the centre of town where we could go for boating?
The cambridge punter meets your criteria. Would you like some more information?
Yes, what is the entrance fee?
I do not know the entrance fee. You can call them directly at 07807718591.
Okay. That's all I need, I guess.
Okay. Thank you for calling.
i am looking for a spanish restaurant in the moderate price range
la tasca is located in the centre. Do you need for me to book it ?
No, thats ok. Thank you. 
Can I help you with anything else?
I just need to get it's address postcode and number please.
Their address is 14 -16 Bridge Street, their postcode is cb21uf, and their phone number is 01223464630.
Ah, thanks.  Also, I'm looking for a museum to go to in the same area.  Can you recommend one?
there are eleven in that area. is there a particular type of museum you like? art, history, science?
Science is interesting. Could you give me the phone number and entrance fee?
There is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology or the whipple museum of the history of science - do you have a preference?
You can choose but I need their phone number, postcode and entrance fee.
The Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology has a free entrance fee. The phone number is 01223333516. The postcode is CB23DZ.
Ok thank you. I will also need a taxi to get between the restaurant and museum. 
What time do you need it to arrive?
I just need to leave the museum by 19:15.
Your taxi is booked. Look for a red lexus. Your contact number is 0777538009
Thank you so much. 
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all thank you very much. Goodbye
thanks for inquiring with us.
I am looking for tourist attractions.
There are many things to do, to help narrow down the results what part of town are you looking to tour in? Any particular activity you'd like to do?
Are there any colleges on the west side?  If so can you tell me the address and entrance fee?
There are five colleges on the west side. Magdalene college is nice. It's address is Magdalene Street and entrance is free.
Thank you. I'm also looking for an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range. Is there anything like that around? 
Oh yes I have many. Any preference for area?
I would like to be close to Magdalene college. That same area would be perfect.
There are 5 Indian restaurants located on the west side near Magdalene college that are expensive. I would recommend Tandoori Palace.
That sounds fantastic. Could I have the postcode, phone number, and address, please?
Their postcode is cb43le, phone number is 01223506055, and address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton	
That's everything I need. Thank you for your help.
Alright, awesome! Have a fantastic day!
Can I get some information on a train?
Sure!  I'll be glad to find some information for you if you could provide me with your destination choice and the day you would like to depart.  
I want to leave from Cambridge after 08:30.
Sure, I can find that information for you.  Were will you be departing from? 
I will departing from Cambridge and arriving in Stansted Airport. I need to find a train for Monday for 7 people to leave after 8:30 am.
There is no train available on Monday for this time. Would you like to change your departure time?
Hm, there really isn't anything leaving after 08:30? All day?
I'm sorry for the confusion, there are actually 16 trains to choose from. They depart every hour beginning at 08:40 through 23:40. Do you prefer an early departure time?
I would like an early train, yes. As close to 8:30 as possible. I need tickets for 7 people.
Okay, I got you 7 tickets on the train leaving at 8:40. Your reference number is KVV4HJSU
Cool. Now I will need somewhere to stay, moderately priced with 2 stars and free wifi
Sure thing, I found 2 hotels in the North matching that criteria. I recommend the Ashley hotel which offers free parking & WiFi. Would you like a reservation? 
I sure would. Please book for the same number of people beginning on Friday for 3 nights Again, there are 7 of us.
I can't book it right now, do you want the phone number?
No. I need it booked. Please try again.
The booking was successful, reference number JVOL9ZA1. Can I help with something else? 
no thanks you've been great!
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge! Good bye!
Can you help me find an attraction named Hughes Hall? Thanks.
Sure, it's located in the center of town, address is: wollaston road. 
Okay and may I have the information on the entrance fee?
There's no fee to enter Hughes Hall. Is there any more information I can get for you?
I am  looking for a train. The train should depart from peterborough and should go to cambridge
Sure, when would you like to travel?
Tomorrow morning, please. 
Okay, and what time would you like the ticket for? 
I need to leave Friday morning, and get to Cambridge by 11:15.
TR2105 arrives by 11:09. Will this one work for you?
That one is perfect. What is its travel time?
The travel time is 50 minutes. 
Thank you. That is all I need.
Enjoy your travels! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
Hi, do you have a listing for the copper kettle? It's a restaurant. 
Yes I do,it is located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre, would you like to make a booking?
yes please for 3 people on satruday around lunch time
Do you have a specific time in mind?
Actually, I don't need to reserve just yet.  Can you please just give me the postcode and price range?
Sure, the postcode is cb21sj, and the price range is moderate. Is that all you need today?
Yes that would be all. Thank you
Have a lovely day! 
Oh, wait!  While I have you, I can go ahead and check on hotels.  I need a hotel with free parking.
Sure, is there an area or a price range you are interested in?
No but I do need to make sure it is a hotel and not a guesthouse.
There are 8 hotels with free parking. How about Ashley Hotel? It's a moderate 2 star hotel in the north with free wifi and parking.
Sounds great. I need it for one person and three nights starting Saturday. Thank you! 
Ok, I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel.  Your reference number is T0WK7HHS.  Is there anything else I can do to help you this evening?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me to and from the hotel and the restaurant. I need to leave the restaurant by 10:45. What taxi do you have available?
Okay, what time do you want to arrive at the restaurant by?
I actually just need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel after we eat. We will be done eating by 10:45, so please have the taxi for us by then.
Ok, you're taxi has been booked. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah, could I get the contact number and type of car, as well?
The contact number is 07703313171 and the car is a white volkswagen.
Okay great. That's all the information I need for now. Thanks.
You're very welcome, have a wonderful day. 
I'm taking a tour of colleges and I've heard that Cambridge is the place to go. Can you tell me about some you have there?
We have many nice ones.  What area of town are you interested in?
It doesn't matter. I'm interested in a college type attraction. I also need the entrance fee, address, and area info. Thanks.
christ's college is in the centre on saint andrew's street and its free
Thanks!  If it isn't too much trouble, could you also find me information on a restaurant called da vinci pizzeria?
Of course! They are a great italian restaurant in the north part of town. They are usually very cheap. It's located on 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
Thank you! Will you please book a table for 6 people at 18:30 on Wednesday?
I've reserved a table for six on Wednesday at 18:30. Your reference number is NT05QS6A. Please note that they will hold the table for 15 minutes after your reserved time. 
Thank you. I will need a taxi to get from christ's college to the restaurant.
Your taxi has been booked and the car will be a yellow volkswagen and their contact number is 07597491842. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. You've been quite helpful.
You're very welcome. Have a great day!
Yes, I need help finding a restaurant there in Cambridge.
There are quite a few restaurants here in the city! Did you have a particular type of food in mind, or a price range you'd like to stay within? 
I am actually looking for Efes Restaurant.  I would like to book a table for 7 people on Sunday at 19:30.  And please provide a reference number.
Ok your Booking was successful you Reference number is 3G02X88X.
Thanks. Can you check on trains for me?
As there are quite a few trains, what is your destination, departure, and arrival time needed? I will narrow them down for you.
I will be departing birmingham new street on Sunday. I want to arrive at cambridge by 14:15.
TR7468 would arrive Cambridge at 13:23. Would that work fine for you?
That would be great. I will need 7 tickets booked please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 420.56 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UI1LGPAY.
Thank you for your help. That's all I need. Have a nice day. 
Thank you and enjoy your stay in cambridge!
Are there trains to Cambridge on Sunday?
There are 202 trains that match your trip. Do you have a specific departure city?
leaving cambridge on sunday
Okay, where would you like to go?
I would like to go from Ely to Cambridge and arrive by 8:00. 
There are two trains departing Ely at 5:35 and 7:35 that will arrive in Cambridge by 8:00.  Would you like to book either train?
I would like to book the 7:35 please, also give me the train ID? And will I be close to Yu Garden?
Train id is TR1037. It will be in the same city, yes. Anything else?
I am also looking for a restaurant called yu garden, I need you to book it foe 2 peopleat 13:30 for Sunday.I need the reference number please.thank you
I was able to reserve it, reference number is CXECKIOH.
I'm also looking for a restaurant.
Are you looking for one in addition to the one we just made a reservation at?
No i'm sorry, I was mistaken, thank you, that is all
Have a good day!
I need to book a train departing from Cambridge after 9:15.
Where are you heading to?
I am going to Stevenage, on Wednesday.
I was able to find a train for you at 9:21. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you tell me what the price of this trip is?
It should cost around 12.80 pounds.  Anything else?
Yes, what's the train ID and what time does it arrive?
TR8913 will arrive by 10:10.
Great. That is all I need.
Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.
I need a train out of cambridge on Sunday, please.
We have trains leaving every hour starting at 05:00 that day. What is your destination?
The train should go to ely and should leave after 19:15.
I have train TR3544 departing at 19:50 and arriving by 20:07. Would that work for you? 
Yes, what is the price of that train?
The price is 3.52 pounds, would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I'd also like to see some things in town, in particular any sort of boating. Is there anything like that?
Yes there are 4 options to choose from, do you have a specific part of town you'd prefer?
I need to go to ely , near a place that has a boat.What is the entrabnce fee ?
I found no records of an attraction involving boats near Ely. Would you like me to search for something else, or for boats in a different area?
Actually, the part of town doesn't matter. I'd just like to take a boat ride or look at some boats, please.
Riverboat Georgina is an excellent boat attraction in the north. Would you like the postcode and phone number?
Yes, please. Also, what is the entrance fee?
The Riverboat Georgina doesn't seem to have an entrance fee. Their postcode is cb41as, phone number 07807718591, and address 251a Chesterton Road. Do you need help with anything else?
No that will be all.
ok, perfect, have a great day
I need help finding a place to stay in the east.
I show 6 guesthouse and one hotel. Would you like more information?
I want somewhere with 3 stars and free wifi.
I'm sorry there's nothing that matches. Would you like me to try a different area?
Yes, please try a hotel in the centre
The Gonville Hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel in the Centre area, I would be happy to book you a reservation if you would like?
Yes, that'd be great. I need it booked for 5 people and for 2 nights starting from sunday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : K15XS51B. is there and other query? 
Thanks for taking care of the hotel. I have another request. This time for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel.
Alright what kind of food would you like today?
Are there any places serving modern european food?
Sorry, no results here. Want to try a different food type or area?
Are you sure there are no modern european restaurants in the centre?
There are a few. Do you have a price preference?
I do not, what price ranges are the restaurants in?
I have all prices ranges. 
Can you pick one and just let me know the price range, I'm comfortable with all.
I have four options for european food. There is our moderate priced restaurants de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. We have an expensive option with darrys cookhouse and wine shop. We also have the river bar steakhouse and grill. I would recommend the riverside brasserie restaurant that is also located in centre. Should I book a reservation for you?
I actually don't need anything else today. Thank you! Bye!
Okay, have a good day! Bye!
I am looking for a restaurant in the west side of town. 
cambridge lodge restaurant is a nice restaurant in the west part of town
How about a moderately priced Russian restaurant? I don't care what part of town it's in.
I am sorry, there is no moderately priced russian restaurant. Would you like me to check for a restaurant serving a different type of food? 
How about Chinese food?
I'm sorry, there are no chinese restaurants listed in the west part of town in the moderate price range. Would you like to try something else? 
I would like a moderately priced chinese restaurant any where in town.  
jinling noodle bar, shanghai family restaurant, and lan hong house are in the centre. Golden wok is in the North. 
What is the phone number?
The phone number is 01223 566188.
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the centre part of town
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and good bye.
I am looking for a 3 star expensive place to stay in Cambridge.
The gonville hotel is available and fits your requirements if you would like to book that just let me know.
That sounds good!
When would you like me to book this for you and how many people will be staying?
I'd like to travel there myself, may I have the address?
The address is gonville place. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for places to that are near the hotel
Yes certainly. Do you have a food type or price range preference?
I forgot to ask, does the Gonville hotel include free wifi and is it in the centre?
Yes, the Gonville hotel is located near the centre and offers Internet connectivity. Would you like any more information about the hotel or proceed?
Actually, I'm looking for an attraction in the area of the hotel.
Old Schools seems like a pretty unique experience. Would you like more information?
Can I get the address please?
Old Schools is located on trinity lane and is free to enter. Can I help you with anything else?
Can I get the precise address please?
Their postcode is cb21tt trinity lane, if you need more info you can call them at 01223332320. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that should be it. Thanks!
Thank you and have a great trip!
I am looking for a hotel tonight.
There are plenty of choices for you!  Do you have a price range or star rating you prefer?
I prefer three star and an expensive price range.
I'm sorry, but I could not find any three star hotels in the expensive price range.
Okay, can you look for a hotel with a different star rating that is still expensive and has free wifi? 
Our system glitched for some reason, Goonville Hotel located in Centre is a 3 star hotel with free wifi in the expensive price point. Would you like more information?
Please book it for 6 people, 5 nights starting on Saturday.
There is a discounted rate if you stay another night. Would you like me to add another night?
No thanks, I do need the reference number though.  I would like to find a Chinese restaurant in the center though. 
I found charlie chan for you and its nice.
OKay can I get the address?
The reference number for your hotel is E6HS30W7. The address for the restaurant is, Regent Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's it for today. Thanks for your helP!
You are welcome, enjoy the stay in Cambridge.
I want to check out a theater in the south area of cambridge.
There is one theater located in southern Cambridge. The Junction is located on Clifton Way, cb17gx. You may can 21223511511 for more information.,
What is the entrance fee?
Unfortunately I don't have that information. But, again, you could call them at 01223511511 for that information.
What is the postcode?
Postal code is cb17gx, the address is clifton way.
Can you recommend a moderately priced hotel in the centre, that has free internet and free parking?
There are not any in the area that match your requirements.  Would you like me to check another area? 
How about one in the south?
Yeah, there are two in the south.  Aylesbray Lodge and Bridge Guest House.  Do you have a preference between the two? 
no, i don't. I just a reservation for 4 people for 4 nights starting on saturday.
I have made your booking and here is the information:Booking was successful. Reference number is : O8FKIXR2.
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi from the hotel. 
What will be your destination and arrival or departure times?
I need to go to the theatre. I need to leave the hotel by 13:00.
Please state your departure site and destination site so I can book that taxi.
From the hotel that was booked for me
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a white Tesla and the contact number is 07767786743.
thanks alot for helping. have a good day
You're welcome, and thank you, likewise!
Indian in the north
there are two Indian restaurants, Royal Spice and The Nirala.
What is the address, phone number, and price range of one of them?
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant on the North part of town and it is in the cheap price range. The phone number is 01733 553355 and the address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton.
Thank you goodbye. 
You're welcome. Good bye.
can you help me find some attractions in the east part of town?
Definitely! My favorite place in the east is the Funky Fun House. It's funky and fun!
Can I have the number please?
It's 01223304705. Do you need anything else?
Yeah, I need a restaurant. They need to serve Indian food and be in the same area as Funky Fun House. 
There are 4 Indian restaurants in the area.  Two are moderately priced and two are expensive.  Can I ask what price range you would like?
I would prefer one in the moderate price range.
May I suggest the Rajmahal located at 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton	
Can i also have their phone number and postcode?
Sure, their phone number is 01223244955 and the postcode is cb58rg. Is there anything else I could help you with? 
That is all I need.
Thanks for letting us assist you today.  Have a great visit!
I'd like to find a place to stay in the south which has free parking. 
Okay, I have found 4 hotels on the south side with parking. Did you have a price range in mind?
Something expensive. I prefer a guesthouse though. 
I am sorry but there are no guesthouses in the expensive price range in the south with free parking. Do you want to change your price range or area?
How about one in the cheap price range, are you able to locate one of those?
There is one, shall I book it?
Can you let me know if they have internet, and then let me know their address and phone number?
Rosa's bed and breakfast does have internet. The address is 53 roseford road and their phone number is 01223512596
I also need a train.
I can help with that, too. When and where do you need a train?
I need to leave from stansted airport after 10:30
What day will you be travelling?
On thursday I need to book it for 3 people.
Alright, I have booked you 3 tickets for the TR7920 train, leaving Stansted Airport at 11:24. Your reference number is VKBYCLSB.
Thank you. That will be all. 
You're welcome!  Have a great day!  Goodbye.
Can you give me information about the Yu Garden? It's a restaurant my sister recommended.
Sure! Yu Garden serves Chinese food on the Eastside. It's prices range toward the expensive side. Would you like more information?
I would like to book a table for saturday
What time would you like this reservation?
I would like a reservation for 14:30 for 5 people please. Can I have the reference number?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 9XFOBDBF.
Can I also get a phone number?
The phone number is 01223248882.
Great. I am also looking for places in the centre of town where i can do boating. Any suggestions?
Yes, there's the Scudamores punting co and the Cambridge punter. 
Could I have the post code and address for both places?
Scadamores Punting Co is located at Granta Place, Mil Lane and the postcode is cb21rs. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's all I need.
Awesome. Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a hotel that includes free wifi and free parking. 
There are definitely lots of places that provide complimentary parking and wifi. Do you prefer any particular part of town, or are you looking for a certain price range?
I would like a hotel in the centre and it should be in the cheap price range.
I don't have any hotels that meet your criteria but I do have two guesthouses available? Would that be okay?
Yes, that would be fine. What are the names of the two guesthouses?
One id alexander bed and breakfast and the other is el shaddai.
What star ratings are they?
Alexander bed and breakfast is 4 stars and el shaddai is 0 stars. 
I'm going to Cambridge from london liverpool street. I need to leave on tuesday.
I am more than happy to help, do you have a time in mind?
I need a train from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge for Tuesday and I need to get there by 12:30.
I have 3 trains I can book for you. Which departure time do you prefer 05:39, 07:39 or 09:39?
I want the 9:39 if it makes it there by 12:30.
Yes, the 9:39 arrives by 11:07. Can I book this train for you today?
That's okay. Can you tell me about a hotel though? It's the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.
I have the express by holiday inn cambridge located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. The phone number is 01223866800.
Can you help me find the a and b guest house hotel?
Absolutely. the A and B Guest House is on the east side of town and has a moderate price range. Would you like to book a room there?
Yes, one person staying for two nights starting Monday. Can you book that?
I'm sorry but I could not book that. Would you be able to book another day or a shorter stay?
That is unfortunate.  I can cut my stay down to a single night if that helps.
The booking was successful. The reference number is DAA8L07B. Anything more?
Yes, I'm also looking for something to do on the north side of town.
There is swimming, boating, and a park.  Which do you prefer?
Swimming would be fine. 
I have Jesus Green outdoor pool, located between Victoria and the river and Kings hedged learner pool, Jedburh court and King Hedges.
Can I have the postcode for that pool please?
The postcode for Jesus Green outdoor pool is cb43px. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Great! Have fun! Goodbye!
Hi, i want an expensive place to stay in the town centre please.
There are 2 places, gonville hotel and university arms hotel, any other preference or questions before I book?
Yes, do either include free wifi or free parking?
Yes, both of them have free wifi & parking.  Would you like to book this for you? Just tell me which hotel you prefer.
Book the gonville hotel for 3 people and 3 nights starting Tuesday. May I have the reference number too?
I have booked your hotel. Your reservation number is C0ASBZHA
Thank you! I'm also looking for some places to go around the hotel. Do you have any recommendations? 
I would recommend the All Saints Church in that area. Would you like more information regarding it?
Could I get the address, postcode and attraction type? 
Sure! It's architecture in the centre of town.It has postcode to cb58bs
Thank you very much. I think that's all.
Well, thank you for booking through our service. Have a pleasant day!
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of town. I'm really interested in a theatre. 
There are 4 theatres in the centre I recommend Mumford Theatre. Would you like the address?
Could I get their phone number?
Yes, their phone number is 08451962320. May I help you find anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area as Mumford Theatre. 
What type of cuisine and price point do you prefer?
do you have any in mind? It really doesn't matter, as long as its moderately priced and in the same general area as the mumford.
The varsity restaurant comes highly recommended and serves international food. Would you like me to book it?
yes book for 3 people at 19:30 on friday please
Your reference number is UZNF1KZ5 and your table will be held for 15 minutes. Is there anything else in which I can help you?
Great, I also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant and want to arrive by the reservation time.
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow Volvo. Please contact 07732601077 should you need to reach them. 
Thank you. That will be all. 
Ok! Have a great day!
I want to find out more about places to dine in the city centre that serve asian cuisine.
we have 4 options. which is your price range?
I don't really have a price range - I just need a table for 2 at 17:00 on Wednesday. Pick your favorite and let me know!
I booked you a moderately priced restaurant in the city's centre called Yippee Noodle Club.  Your reference number is 0P6H7PDL.  Can I help you further?
No, that's it thank you. 
We can also arrange a taxi from your hotel to the restaurant when you are ready, just let us know a hour or so in advance of your reservation on Wednesday.
That's an excellent idea. Could you help me find a hotel in the north?
There are plenty of locations that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further by stars, internet, or price range?
The hotel should be in the north and should include free wifi.
Acorn Guest House is a nice place, do you want their info ?
Do they have free parking?
Yes the Acorn Guesthouse has free parking available.
I am also looking for lodging in the expensive price range. Does the Acorn Guesthouse fit this requirement?
Acron guest does meet your requirements would you like for me to book it?  
Yeah, I want it booked for 2 people on wednesday for 2 nights
I have that booked and your reference number is BQBO6HOV.
Thanks. Now I'll just need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant, arriving by 17:00. Please give me car type and contact info
blue volkswagen Contact number:07882720799 Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's will do it for now. Thank you
Thank you have a wonderful time in the city centre.
Yes, hi. Would you be able to suggest a reasonably priced guesthouse for our stay in Cambridge?
I'd be happy to help you. There are 24 guesthouses to choose from. Is there an area you'd like to stay in, or perhaps a certain price range?
Well, how about a moderate price range and a star rating of zero?  Oh, and I don't need free parking.
I'm sorry, I haven't found a guesthouse that meets those requirements.  Could you possibly stay at a higher rated place, or try a hotel room?
Please show me a guesthouse with the lowest available rating.
The alpha-milton guest house is in the north with 3 stars, but there's no wifi nor parking. Will that suffice for you?
Yes that will work. I'll need the area, postcode and address, please. 
The Alpha-Milton Guest House is in the north part of town at 63 Milton Road. Their postcode is cb41xa. Need anything else?
I'd like to visit a nightclub.
I'm sorry, I haven't found a guesthouse that meets those requirements. Could you possibly stay at a higher rated place, or try a hotel room?
Yes, I think there's been some confusion. Let's go back to lodgings for a moment. With no 0-star guesthouses with moderate pricing, how about a hotel instead?
I'm sorry, there are no hotels that meet those criteria, either.  Would you like to try different star ratings?
No, I'm looking for a hotel with 0 star rating and moderately priced.
There is no results for that match 
I want information on a particular hotel called home from home. Can you send me what you have on that?
Sure thing! Home from Home is a guesthouse in the North.  With a moderate price range it is still a 4 star place to stay. Do you need more?
Please book it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday. 
Sure!  The Booking was successful. Reference number is : 1JL8B2K4.
I am also looking for a train. Can you help me?
Yes I can. Please tell me your departure city, day and time and I'll see what I dig up.
We are departing from cambridge on friday going to kings lynn.  Arrival time should be around 09:00. Please book 6 seats.
Okay I've booked you on the TR2764 which will arrive at 8:58. the total fee is 58.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AQMKFOFZ.
okay thank you! What is the travel time on that?
This train actually leave on Friday.  You wanted to leave on Wednesday, correct?  I can rebook if needed.
No, Friday works for me.
Okay, great. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thanks that is all I need.
Have a lovely day, goodbye.
Can you help me book some train tickets?
Sure! Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
I'll need to get some more information. Can you tell me your destination and when you will be travelling?
I am going to bishops stratford at 12:45 on thursday.
You would like to leave bishops stratford at 12:45?
Yes, on Thursday. Can you book me a train for 3 people please?
Okay the TR 2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this?
Hi, I'm looking for train information. It needs to leave on Sunday and arrive at or around 20:45.
There are 318 trains that fit your criteria. To narrow some information down, what is your destination, departure site and preferred departure time?
The train should go to leicester and should depart from cambridge. I don't care about the departure time.
There is a train leaving Cambridge on Sunday 05:21, and arriving at Leicester at 07:06 for 30.24 pounds. Would you like me to book this for you?
No, thanks. What's the train ID?
The train ID is TR2025.
Thanks for the info. What else is available that arrives around 20:45?
No, I am sorry there is not.
Okay thank you.
have a great day!
Hi, i am looking for some museums that I could visit when in town, could you help me find some?
Is there an area of town you prefer?
No, I don't care.
I recommend the Cafe Jello Gallery in the west. It's free to enter!
I also need a place to stay
Great! There are 33 hotels in the area. What area of town would you like to stay in? What is your preference on price?
 The attraction should be in the type of museum. I don't care about the price range or the area
Just to clarify - did you need a different museum? Or a hotel?
That museum from earlier is fine, I just need their postalcode.  I need a hotel two in the west and moderately priced.  
The postal code for Cafe Jello Gallery is cb30af. Okay, Hobson's House matches your request. 
Do they have internet?
Yes they do. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thanks. I will do that later. Can you please arrange for taxi service from Cafe Jello to Hobson's House sometime after 04:00?
I was able to book that for you. Be expecting a grey Tesla. If you need to reach them, please call 07615015749. 
Well that you that is all i need for today
Your welcome.  Have a great day!
I had a dispute over a car accident and need help.
You may contact the Parkside Police Station. The phone number is 01223358966.
That's great, can I get their postcode as well please?
Postcode: CB11JG. Do you need help with anything else?
That would be all for. Thank you for your help.
Let us know if you need anything else.
I'm looking for lodgings on the east side.
I would love to help you! There are 7 options in the East. Would you like a hotel or a guesthouse?
Either one is fine, but I would like it to have 4 stars. It doesn't need to have free parking.
I have 6 guesthouses in the east with 4 stars, are you looking for cheap or moderate pricing? 
Cheap is fine.
The autumn house is a cheap four star guesthouse that has wifi and parking in the east area. Would you like to make a reservation?
No, but can you give me their address, please?
Of course, the address is 710 newmarket road. What else can I do for you?
That's all I needed today. Thanks so much for your help!
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
Im looking for a guesthouse with free wifi
I have found several possibilities for you.  Do you have any particular area you would like to stay in?
In the south would be better. 
I have two in the moderate price range and one that is in a lower price range. Do you have a preference as far as that goes?
I don't care about the price range, I just want to make sure it has free wifi and is a guesthouse in the south.
I would recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast located at 53 Roseford Road.  Can I reserve a room for you?
Does it have free parking?
Yes this guesthouse has free parking.  Would you like to reserve a room?
No, but I would like the address, postcode and phone number please
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast address is 53 roseford road , postcode cb22ha, and phone 01223512596. Can I look anything else up for you?
I am also looking for the restaurant called nandos city centre, can I have more info  on that? 
Nando's City Centre is a great portuguese restaurant that is cheap and is located in the centre of town. Would you like me to book a table for you? 
I don't need a reservation. But can I get their postcode please? 
Absolutely. Their postcode is cb23ar. Is there anything else I can help with? 
I need a taxi to leave the hotel by 14:30.
Can I get a destination for the taxi please?
Nando's City Centre restaurant please
I have booked your ride. Your car type is a black Honda and your contact number is 07917232532. Is there anything else you need? 
No that will be all thank you.
Thank you have a great day!
Can you book me a taxi to da vinci pizzeria?
Of course, when do you want to arrive?
I need to be there by three forty five p.m.
What time do you wan to leave by?
I would like to leave after 05:45.
I'd be happy to help! Where are you coming from?
I'll be leaving from williams art and antiques.
I have a yellow lexus with phone number 07451454919.
That you for helping me. I have all I need. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a 3-star guesthouse. Can you please help me?
I've found several guesthouse options, do you have a specific area of the city in mind?
Do any of those have free parking? I really need it to include that.
Three guesthouses rated 3 stars have free parking available. May I start a reservation for you?
Yes, at whichever one you think is nicer.   I need a room for 2 nights on Saturday.  There are 6 of us.
I have made a reservation for your party of six for two nights starting Saturday at Bridge Guest House. Your reference number is ZZ1ECCCS. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a place to dine in the moderate price range with British food.
Are you looking for a restaurant in a particular area?
It should be in the centre.
i recommend cotto, phone-01223302010
That's great.  I'd like to book a table for the same group at 14:15 on the same day.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : WV3AQGOI. anything else?
Thank you. I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two locations. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time. 
What time would you like to leave and from where?
Leaving the guesthouse and going to the restaurant, arriving by 14:15.
The booking is completed. Lookout for a black Ford contact number 07589149146. Can I help with anything else? 
That will be all. Thanks so much for all your help!
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Thank you.I am looking for a guest house .I am also looking for one that is rather cheap.
I have 5 cheap guesthouses available.  Do you have any other requirements for location or amenities?
The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should have a star of 3. 
Unfortunately, I couldn't find a match.
advic me on any other option
Would you like to try a hotel?
No, how about a moderate-price guesthouse, please. Try that.
Hamilton lodge is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with 3 stars and free wifi and parking. Do you want to make reservations?
Can I just get the phone number instead please?
Of course. The Hamilton Lodge's phone number is 01223365664. Is there anything else you'd like to know, or anything else I can help you with?
No, that is all. good bye.
Have a great day!
I am looking for a museum in Cambridge please
Do you have an area of the city you more prefer?
No, I do not, any museum would be fine. Could you please give me the entrance fee, area, and postcode for any one of the museums? 
Cambridge Artworks in the east is a fun place. It's located at 5 greens road, cb13ef. Best of all, it has free entrance! Any other information I can find for you?
I'm also looking for a train to Cambridge. But I tend to sleep in, so I won't be able to get going before 11:45.
What day do you want to travel, and  where was that departure site again?
I'd like to leave Stansted Airport on Tuesday.
You have a few options going to Cambridge from Stansted airport after 11:45. How about Tuesday, leaving at 12:24?
That would be great, could you book it for 8 people please.
I've booked 8 tickets for you. The total fee is 80.8 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is CYMNCQNX. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need goodbye
Thank you, and good-bye! 
I'm curious about places to get a room for the night that are on the cheap end of the spectrum.
You might want to try alexander bed and breakfast.
I would like free wifi and it needs to have at least 3 stars.
I can't find anything that fits my criteria
Is there ones that are on the more expensive price range?
At the moderate price range, how about the Bridge Guest House?
That'll be fine. I would like to book 2 people for 2 nights starting on tuesday. 
I'm sorry booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try for a shorter stay?
Sure, can you book it for 1 night?
I was able to get the Bridge Guest House for 2 people for Tuesday night.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll need the reference number for that booking. 
The Reference number is : 3YXIHQLI.  Can I assist you any further?
No thats all, thank you very much!
Thanks for using our services.
Hi, I'm looking for museums to go to in cambridge.
I have five musuems. Four are free. Cambridge and county folk museum is 3.50 pounds. 
What is the address for that museum?
The address is 2-3 castle street. The postcode is cb30aq
Thank you I also need a train departing from cambridge on tuesday
I have over 200 trains leaving Cambridge on Tuesday. Where is your destination?  Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
My destination is Liverpool and I would like to leave by 18:00.
The TR9561 train leaves at 17:59, would this work or do you need to leave earlier?
That works great. What is the arrival time and price?
The arrival time is 19:27 and the travel time is 88 minutes.
Awesome, you rock! How much does that trip cost?
The trip would cost you 16.60 pounds, anything else?
That is everything I needed today. Thank you!
Have a great day!
I am looking for a hotel that gives me free parking and free wifi.
We have many with those features. Do you have any other preferences to narrow it down, such as price range or location?
Oh, I would like a guesthouse that is moderately priced please.
There are many, can I get the area you are looking for to narrow it down a bit?
I don't care about the area. As long as I can have it booked for 3 people starting on Tuesday for 5 nights.
I have the Arbury Lodge in the North that meets your needs. Would you like me to book a room there?
Yes, please book Arbury Lodge for me.
The booking was successful, reference number is POHIT2CO.
Thank you! That's all for today. Goodbye!
Have an enjoyable stay. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.
I need help finding a train that departs from Leicester. 
What day and time do you want to depart?
Saturday, but I can't leave until that night after 21:30.
TR0974 leaves Saturday at 22:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 23:54. Would you like to purchase a ticket?
That train is fine can you book it for 8 people?
You are booked for 8 tickets and the total fee is 241.92 GNP at the station. May I help you with anything else today?
Do you have a reference number for that booking?
Yes, sorry about that! Reference number is 77LJ6TH4. Can I assist you with anything else today?
i also need information on an attraction called the fitzwilliam museum.
The Fitzwilliam Museum is a free museum in the center of town, on Trumpington Street. 
Can you make a reservation?
I'm sorry. I'm not able to make reservations at a museum. 
Can I get the address, and postcode?
Its on trumpington street and the post code is cb21rb. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all I need. Thanks for your help.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day. 
I'm looking to visit a museum in Cambridge. Can you tell me a little about what you have?
There are 23 museums that match that criteria. What area should the museum be in? 
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend one?
Cambridge Artworks is a great place and has free entry. Their address and phone number is 5 Greens Road 01223902168.
Sounds great, thanks. I am also looking for a restaurant in the Centre that serves gastropub food.
Okay, there are 3 different restaurants. What is your price range?
It really doesn't matter money is no object. I need a table for 8 on thursday at 14:45. As long as its a gastropub in the centre of town
I will make a booking for backstreet bistro,Booking complete here is your reference number T9TB8FBO.
awesome! thanks for all the info
Sure.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today? 
I would also like to book a taxi to get between the museum and the restaurant. 
I can work on booking this for you.
I need to arrive at the restaurant by 14:45. I'll need the contact number and car type as well please.
Okay I have booked your taxi. The contact number is 07498867892 and the car is a blue tesla.
Thank you that's all the help I need. Goodbye
Thanks for using our service today!
I need a cheap place to stay in the centre of town, please.
There aren't many cheap places in the center, but I can recommend the Alexander B&B. They have 4 stars, despite being a cheap place.
Okay, I would like a booking please.
I'd be happy to help you with that booking.  Just tell me how many are in your party, and what nights you are looking for accommodation.
Yes, I need a hotel for 2 for four nights starting Wednesday.  Please send me the reference number once booked.
You are booked for 4 nights starting Wednesday for 2 people. The reference number is 11SD75ME. May I help you with anything else?
No, that is everything. Thank you!
Thank you so much for your help
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
What aspects of it would you like me to help you with?
I am looking for a Sunday train to Bishops Stortford please.
There are several leaving on Sunday.  What time would you like to depart?
The train should leave after 17:15 and should go to bishops stortford.
TR6742 leaves at 17:29 and arrives in bishops stortford at 18:07. Would you like me to book it for you?
No need to book. But, can you please give me the travel time and the price of the ticket?
The travel time is 38 minutes and the ticket cost is 8.08 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for some things to do while I'm in town.
We have almost 80 attractions to choose from. Did you have something in mind to do?
Yes, I am looking for a museum in the centre.
We have 11 different free museums ranging from art to archaeology. I recommend castle galleries at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. 
What is the phone number?
The phone number is 01223307402.
 am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of museum.
There are several museums in the centre of town. Do you have a preference on the type of art you which to see?
Can you help me find a restaurant in the north that is cheap?
Sure! Would you like Indian or Italian food?
I would like Lebanese food. 
I don't have any that match. Do you have any other prefences?
How about italian food then?
Sure. Da Vinci Pizzeria is a cheap Italian restaurant in the area. The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton CB41JY and the phone number is 01223351707. 
Would you mind making a reservation for Thursday at 17:15 please?
Okay! For how many people?
The reservation will be for 5 people 
Your reservation for da vinci pizzeria on this thursday at 17:15 for a party of 5 was successful. Your Reference number is : UG63SDOH. 
I am also looking for places to go in town in the same area as the restaurant.
I have four attractions and they include boat park and 2 swimming-pool. Which one will you prefer?
Whatever you recommend is fine. I'll need the entrance fee and attraction type.
Is there a certain type of attraction that you prefer?
Yes, please give me the entrance fee for the boat park.
I'm sorry, but the entrance fee for the boat park is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
no thanks, that will be all.
Thanks for using our service today!
I'm looking for a special place, can you help?
I need just a little more information to help. I think all places in Cambridge are special, and I would like to be able to narrow it down for you.
I am looking specifically for Saint John's College.
sorry i dont have that in our list. is there something else i can do for you?
Okay, well I also need a train departing for Cambridge on Wednesday.
I have several trains headed to Cambridge on Wednesday. Where will you be departing from?
The train will be leaving Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street.
There are 10 trains running that route on Wednesday. Do you have a particular departure time in mind?
Yes at 11 am , can you bnook the the one close to that time
How about the 11:59 that will arrive by 13:27?  It is 16.60 pounds. 
That will work can you book that for me.
do i book only one ticket
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ? 
Yes, please confirm how many tickets you would like me to book, just the one?
No, please book for 8 people and can I get the booking reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 98NW4G1V. Anything else? 
That's all I needed.
Wonderful, have a great day!
I was wondering if you could tell me where the Addenbrookes Hospital is? 
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the postcode is CB20QQ
what is their phone number?
The main phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you for the information. Have a nice day. 
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre - I hope you have a great day!
Can you tell me about a particular hotel called the avalon? 
The Avalon is a 4 star hotel in north Cambridge that is in the moderate price range. Would you like their phone number?
Actually, could you book a room for me? I need it for 2 people, 5 nights. We'll arrive on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : DYAMG2CY. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, could you help me find a nice place to dine in the north.
We have many fine places in the north. I personally recommend the City Stop.
Do any of these places serve Vietnamese food? 
Unfortunately, there are no results. Would you like me to search a different area or food type?
Can you please try French food instead? 
Two Two is an expensive French restaurant in the north with wonderful food. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please for two people at 16:15 on Wednesday please if its not too much trouble.
I have made your reservation at restaurant two two. Your reference number is VIVBN8WU.
Thats all for today thanks !
Okay, you are very welcome! Goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant serving English food.
No restaurant matching your description have been found.
How about find me a turkish one ?
There is one expensive Turkish restaurant in town: Meze Bar Restaurant.
Great! Where is it located?
It's in the centre of town, the address is 196 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for information about finches bed and breakfast.
Finches is a cheap guesthouse located in the west. It has a 4-star rating and offers both free internet and free parking. Would you like more info or to book?
can you book for  5 people and 5 nights starting from tuesday for me?
How many rooms will you book? 
we need five rooms please.
Your rooms are reserved. Reference number 9FXEI63V.
Great! Can you also recommend a fun attraction to visit in the town centre?
Sure, do you have a preference for a museum/college/architecture, etc? 
Not really, which place is your favorite?
I enjoy old schools. It is free and I love the architecture. Would you like more information on it?
Yes, please. What is the address and postcode?
Its address is on trinity lane and its postal code is cb21tt.
Thanks! Can you also book a taxi for me? I need to leave the Old Schools attraction by 15:30 and head to the hotel.
Not a problem, a grey honda will pick you up then, and the contact number is 07551850448 . Anything else today? 
That is all. Thank you very much.
Okay great, have a good day!
I'm looking for a place to go in centre.  Any ideas?
There's lots of different attractions in the centre of town? Are you looking for anything specific?
I want a museum. 
I would recommend the museum of archaelogy and anthropology. Would you like me to book it? 
Sure, can I please have the phone number, post code and entrance fee information.  I am also looking for a train from stansted airport that leaves after 16:45.
Sure, no problem. The phone is 01223333516. The post code is cb23dz and the entrance is free. For the train, what time do you need to arrive by? 
No certain time.  I just can't leave until after 16:45 on Friday.
and where is your destination?
I am traveling from Stansted Airport to Cambridge.
TR2848 fits your criteria and arrives by 17:52, shall I book that for you?
Not at this time.  Thank you for your assistance.
You're very welcome. Have a great trip!
Thanks.  Goodbye.
You're very welcome. Please contact us again if you need further assistance for your visit to Cambridge.
Hello, I'm looking for a train to get me to london kings cross. 
Ok.  Will you be departing from Cambridge?
Yes, Cambridge and I want to leave on Sunday. I need travel time
Travel time is 51 minutes.  What time were you hoping to leave?
I would like to leave after 13:45.
There is a train that leaves at 15:00 would you like me to book that train for you?
No thanks, I just needed the travel time for the train departing at 15:00.
The travel time for TR 9386 is 51 minutes.
Thanks, that's all I needed. Goodbye!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, goodbye! 
Hi, I'm looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and arrives at Kings Lynn. 
When will you be traveling?
I'll be traveling on Friday. I want to arrive by 19:15 if possible.
i suggest TR3947. can we book?
Can you give me the price, travel time and departure time first?
I actually fount the TR2764 to be a better choice. It leaves at 08:11 to and arrives at 08:58 at a cost of 9.80 pounds.
Yes but what is the exact travel time?
Your travel time would be 47 minutes.  Would you like me to book your seat on the train?
Not right now, but I am interested in seeing some attractions while I am in town.
What area of town would you like to find a attraction?
i don't care, but i want to look at some architecture. i especially like old churches.
i have some really pretty churches you can visit. would you like a number for All Saints Church?
Yes please. How much does it cost? 
There appears to be no entrance fee for All Saints Church. 
Sounds good. Lets get back to booking that train now.
Ok, to confirm you want to arrive by 19:15. How many tickets do you need?
Can I have the phone number for All Saints Church please?
yes the phone number is 01223452587
I need to find a hotel that has free parking. 
Sure I can help with that. What area will you be staying in?
In the centre, I more specifically am looking for a guesthouse with a 0 star rating in that area.
El Shaddai is a 0 star guesthouse located in the centre has both free parking and wifi. What days are you interested in staying there? can I book for you?
Yes please. book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from tuesday
Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please for my records
I have your reservation for 5 people, 3 nights starting on tuesday.  your reference number is X3MDWDWY, can I help with anything else?
Yes, I am interested in places to go while I am in town. Perhaps a museum in the same area as the hotel. 
I have about 11 different museums. If I may, might I suggest the Scott Polar Museum on Lensfield Road. They also have free entrance. It's a great place to visit.
Sure, what is the address for this museum?  Thanks for your help!
The museum is on lensfield road post code cb21er and it's number is 01223336540.
Would it be possible to book a taxi to get from the hotel to the museum?  We would like to leave the hotel at 6:00.
I have your taxi booked.  What else can I do?
Well, do I look for a specific make and color car or just jump into a random one?  Does the driver have a phone number?
you have been assigned a specific car.
well what is it? This is ridiculous! Your very rude
I apologize. I did not mean to come off as rude. You should expect a white Volvo. If you need to reach the company, please call 07499481174. 
Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day as well!
Hello, I will be in Cambridge later on this week and I can't seem to find King's college. I am not sure how to find it, can you help? 
Yes, Kings College is in the center of town and the address and postal code is King's Parade, cb21st respectively.
And what's the entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee, Kings College is FREE!
That's great! Can you also help me find a train going to norwich?
I found 133 trains going to norwich, what date, time or station will you be leaving from?
I would like to leave on Sunday and depart from cambridge.
There are 19 that leave on Sunday from Cambridge. Do you want to depart or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to arrive by 15:15.
I have a train that departs from Cambridge at 13:38 and arrives in Norwich by 14:55. Would you like to place a booking?
I would like to make a booking for 7 people please. 
I've booked you on TR8185, for 7 people. It departs Cambridge at 13:36 and arrives in Norwich at 14:55.
Thank you. Can I have the reference number for that booking?
The booking reference number is 9SDIIVSB. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that was all I needed today. Thank you for your help. 
Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves Indian food please. 
We have several of those, were you looking for any particular part of town?
No. Just need it to be open on Saturday. 
Okay, would you like me to attempt to book a table at one of these fine restaurants for Saturday? 
Which one would you suggest?
The Curry Garden is a nice place do you want their info ?
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre of town.
Absolutely. What price range are you looking for?
I don't really care.
stazione restaurant and coffee bar is an italian restaurant in the centre area. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please, four people on tuesday at 18:00
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : DL0PXR9G. May I help with anything else ?
Can you tell me if you happen to have any nightclubs in town?
yes we have 5 all in the centre of town.
Great.  Can I get the information about one of them? 
Sure the Ballare costs 5 pounds to get in and is located in the center at Heidelberg Gardens, Lion Yard.
What is the postcode for that one?
The postcode for the Ballare is cb23na. Would you like any other information?
I also need a taxi.
For the reservation of the taxi, can you tell me your pickup and drop off locations?
Yes Ely to Cambridge please. Thanks
You want a train from Ely to Cambridge, is this right? I also need a travel date and departure or arrival time.
I'm sorry, there's someone talking here and getting me turned around. I'd like a taxi from the nightclub to the restaurant, early enough to make my reservation.
i have booked a yellow volvo with contact 07259480629
that is it for today thanks.
You are welcome. Have a marvelous time in Cambridge. Thank you for reaching out to Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
My car will be in the shop so I will need to take a train to work in cambridge that day.  I need to arrive by 08:00
I'd be happy to help. What day of the week will you be travelling?
I'll be leaving on Tuesday.
Okay and where will you be departing from?
I will leave from Bishops Stortford.
Train TR8192 leaves that day at 05:29 and arrives at 06:07. Would you like me to book anything for you?
How much is the price for that? 
it costs 10.10 pounds..
Ok. Can you also recommend an expensive european restaurant?
Do you have a specific area you'd like it to be in or would you like me to make a recommendation?
you can pick for me. 
How about Michaelhouse Cafe in the centre area of town? 
Can I have address please thank you 
The address is St. Michael's Church Trinity Street City Centre	 
That sounds perfect.  Can you book a table for me for the same day my train arrives?  7 people at 17:30.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 02MGQL1A. Is there anything else ?
No that will be all thank you so much for all your help. 
you are welcome.
Hi, I need to find an expensive Chinese restaurant.
Do you have a preference to area. There are 9 expensive Chinese restaurants.
yes, I`d like an expensive Chinese restaurant in the area of south, thank you.
There are 2 expensive Chinese restaurants in the south side. The Peking Restaurant is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Would you also like information on the second one?
No, but can you book me a table for one of the south side ones? 3 people on Monday for 16:30.
Unfortunately I could not book you at that time slot at either of the expensive chinese hotels on the south side. Is there another time that would work for you?
How about 15:30? Are there any slots available then?
There is availability at the good luck chinese food takeaway and you have a reservation booked. The reference number is W06BBN75. 
Alright. Now can you help me find a place to stay? I'd like the stick to the same price range as the restaurant, but I also need free WiFi.
There are 5 different hotels that fit this. They all have free internet and also parking. Did you have a certain area in town?
No, I do not have a certain area.
How about the Lensfield Hotel? It's also in the south. I can book this for you if you'd like.
I need a hotel that has a star rating of three, does the Lensfield Hotel fit into that?
It does have a 3 star rating, and free wifi and parking, would you like to book this hotel?
Yes go ahead can I please get the phone number as well?
The phone number is 01223355017. When would you like to stay, and for how many nights and people will the booking be?
I also need a taxi between the two places.
What time do you need the taxi, and do you need it from the restaurant or the hotel?
From the restaurant by the booked time.
Yes I have booked you a taxi and a blue Honda will be picking you up to arrive by 15:30. The contact number for the taxi is 07711738338.
Thank you very much for all your help.
Welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No thank you, I believe that does it.  Thanks again.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
I am looking for somewhere to go in the south.
There are 8 different attractions in that area, would you maybe like to go to the cinema or a park?
Can I get post codes?
Postcodes are cb17dy, cb21sj, cb23hg, cb22ad, cb223ae, and cb17gx.
Can you help me find a train from ely to cambridge?
Is there a particular day and time you're looking for?
Yes I'm leaving on Saturday and not too early, sometime after 10:15.
There is a train from Ely to Cambridge on Friday at 11:35. Would you like a ticket on that train?
That will work. May I get the price, travel time, and train ID for that please?
TrainID: TR0212. Travel time is 17 minutes and the price is 4.4 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. You've been very helpful today. 
My pleasure. Enjoy your travels.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. 
What food type are you looking for?
i don't care what type of food it is.
There is Da Vinci Pizzeria and Royal Spice, both are in the north area and in the cheap price range.
What are their phone numbers?
Da Vinci Pizzeria is at 01223 351707, and Royal Spice is at 01733 553355.
Thank you good bye. 
Thanks 
You are planning your trip in Cambridge. You are looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range
Okay how about Yippee Noodle Bar? If you'd like I can book a table for you. 
I would like to have British food. Does Yippee Noodle Bar offer British food?
No, Yippee Noodle Bar does not serve British food. However, there are four British restaurants in the area I could refer you to.
Yes, please recommend one.
The Oak Bistro is my favorite. Do you need their information or can I reserve a table for you?
Please reserve it for 2 people at 15:30 on thursday and give me the reference number.
Great. I have booked your table. The reference number is LU8KXXPR.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a place to stay, ideally a 0 star in centre as well that includes free wifi. Can you help me with that?
El Shaddai is a guesthouse that meets your needs, and Cityroomz is a hotel. Would you like to book a room at one of those?
Either would be fine, I guess whichever has available rooms for 2 on Thursday and we will be staying for 3 nights. 
Your room is booked for 3 nights at El Shaddai, reference number is XBYOBYV7.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes I will need a taxi to drive between the hotel and restaurant. Can you help me with that as well?
Yes, I can assist you with that. What time would you like to leave to the restaurant?
I just needed to arrive at the restaurant by 15 :30
Alright, I have your taxi booked for you. It will get you to the bistro by 15:30. Your car will be a red Volkswagen. Do you need anything else?
Just the contact number for the taxi, please.
The contact number is 07413487681. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need to book a train from Norwich to Cambridge.
There are several what day and time would you like to leave? 
I need to leave on Monday and arrive by 17:45.
Of course! I'd recommend the TR0192 train, which arrives by 17:35. Would that work for you?
Could I please get the price and the train ID?
The train id is TR0192  and the cost is 17.60
I also need a restaurant. Can you do that?
Yes. What type of resturant do you need?
fusion food would be ideal.
I'm sorry, there are no fusion restaurants in Cambridge.  Can I find a different type of cuisine for you?
Try chinese food instead. 
We've got 17 Chinese restaurants. Is there a part of the city or a price range you had in mind?
Can we get a restaurant in the cheap price range. It will be for 5 people at 20:30, on the same day
I have 3 cheap Chinese restaurants in the centre and 1 in the south, which would you like me to try to book?
Pick your favorite and book it. We are a party of 5 and we'd like to eat late, like 20:30, on the same day as that train you found for me.
I was not able to book any of those 4 at 20:30, would you like to try an earlier time?
Could you try for 19:30 please?
That was successful. Your reference number is WM46ALL4
Thanks for all your help 
Thank you for using our system!
Where are some places to visit in the centre?
There are several museums would you like their info?
Yes that would be great all the info thanks. 
I think you'd enjoy Byard art.
Is there an entrance fee? Please provide a phone number. Also I need a place to stay that has free wifi and parking. Can you suggest a decent place?
The entrance is free.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.
You asked for the byard art phone number which is 01223464646. Regarding lodgings, there are 29 meeting your requirements. What is your price range and preferred area, please?
I would like it to be in the centre, or near the attraction.  Also want it to be cheap. 
I have two options in the centre of town.  One has 0 stars and the other has 4 stars. Would you be interested in booking either? 
No I don't have a preference.  Would you recommend one or the other for me?
I would recommend Alexander bed and breakfast which if four stars.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please start a booking there. 6 people will be staying.
What day would you like to start the reservation?
I will get there Thursday.
Okay, I have started your booking and now I just need to know how many days you plan to stay. 
It will be 5 nights
You're all set. The reference number for this stay is GGT8F3N0.
Thanks so much! That was the last thing I needed taken care of. I feel ready for my trip now. Goodbye!
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
Are there any Catalan restaurants in the centre of town?
I'm sorry, there are no Catalan dining establishments in the city centre. Would you like to look for a different cuisine or area?
Actually, can you try anything that serves French food? 
I have the cote in the centre. It is in the expensive range. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please. I need a table for 8 on Friday at 17:30, please.
Ok, you are all set for cote on Friday, table for 8 at 17:30.  Can I help with anything else?
Can I have the reference number for the reservation please?
Booking was unsuccessful. Can you try another time slot?
What about 16:30?
One moment while I try to make the reservation of table for 8, Friday at 16:30.
If 16:30 is available, I'll need the reference number, too, please.
I've got you booked for 16:30.  The reference number is EQ0YAQ1G.
Great thanks. I also need a train, one leaving peterborough and arriving at Cambridge by 11:15?
There are lots to choose from under that criteria. What day would you like to travel on?
I would like it for Friday, please. Can you please provide a reference number as well?
Ok great, I was able to book you on train TR4296 departing 09:48 and arriving 10:38.  The reference number is P3AGODMA.  Can I assist you with anything else?
Thank you, I won't be needing anything else.
I'm happy to have been able to help you today.  Take care.
I need help finding a place that serves spanish food and is located in the centre, can you help me?
La Tasca and La Raza serve Spanish food in the centre of town.  What price range would you prefer.
Price range isn't an issue. Can you book me at the one with the most stars please on Monday at 20:00 for 4 people please.
I've booked La Raza for Monday at 20:00, for four people.  Your reference number is LD696IB9. The reservation lasts 15 minutes. 
Thank you, that is everything that I need.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves European food.
eraina would fit the bill.
What is the address, phone number, and price range?
It's pretty expensive. It's at Free School Lane City Centre, and you can call them at 01223 368786. Anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks!
You're welcome!
I want to go visit a college in the east part of town please.
I was unable to find any colleges in the east part of town.
Okay, what about an attraction that is in the type of entertainment? 
Yes, I recommend the Funky Fun House. With a name like that, how can you go wrong?
Sounds awesome! Is there an entrance fee?
Unfortunately I don't have any information about the entrance fee. Is there any other information you need to know? 
Sure, just the address and phone number will be fine.
Alright, here you are, the address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the phone number is 01223304705. Can I find any other information for you?
No, that is all I need.  Thanks and bye.
Thank You. Have a nice day, goodbye.
Hey could you help me figure out the train schedule? I need to go to Cambridge I am leaving from bishops Stanford station. Do you know the times? 
What day would you be needing the train?
I would like to leave on Sunday please. 
How many tickets are you looking for?
i need tickets for three people.
The train leaving Bishops and arriving in Cambridge has a consistent Sunday schedule. Beginning at 5:29 a.m., a train leaves exactly two hours later all day. Next train 7:29, etc.
Could you please get me three tickets for a train that leaves after 15:45?
The TR5298 leaves at 17:29. Would you like me to book tickets?
Yes please make reservations for sunday for 3 people. 
Your booking was successful and the total fee is 24.24 GBP. Will there be anything else?
What is the reference number?
The reference number is MNKWT71T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need a hotel for 3 people starting Sunday and for 4 nights.
Do you have any preferences for the hotel, like price range or area of town?
We would like a place in the north which includes free wifi and free parking.  Can you find something fitting this?
I have two that match your criteria. I'd recommend the Ashley Hotel on Chesterton Road. Will that work for you?
I want to book a 05:45 taxi to come to Bishops Stortford Train Station.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Bishops Stortford Station.
I'm sorry for the confusion, please clarify if you are arriving or departing at bishops stortford train station.
I'm departing from bishops stortford train station.
Thank you. Where is your destination, please?
I would like to go to Cambridge train station will you send me the car type and contact number?
I have booked a taxi for you at 05:45. The car type is a blue lexus and the contact number is: 07791528384 .
Sounds good. Thanks, goodbye.
Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves moroccan food in the centre. 
I'm sorry, there are no Moroccan restaurants located in the Centre. Can I help you find something else?
Is there an International restaurant in the city centre?
There are two international restaurants in the centre area, the varsity restaurant and bloomsbury restaurant, both moderately priced.  would you like me to book you for either one?
Could you check if either has booking for 7 people at 13:00 on thursday?
You are booked into the bloomsbury restaurant. Your reference number AZ9LL6MU. Do you need help with anything else?
No.  I think that will be all.  Thank you for your help.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy your meal.
I need to find a place to stay in the south, it does not matter if parking is included or not.
I have 4 places in the south, ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like cheap with a 4 star rating please.
I did find one place that meets your needs. It's Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Its a wonderful guesthouse. They offer both free parking and internet. Can I help you book?
Could I just have the phone number and address?
The address for Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is 53 Roseford Road. The phone number is 01223512596.
Thanks! I actually would like a room, please. We'll arrive on Monday and stay 4 nights. There will be 4 of us.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : C9Z8AVU3. Can I help you with anything else?
I also wanted to find a theatre in the same area the hotel is in.
The Junction Theatre is located in the South near your hotel. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, may I have both the address and postcode for The Junction Theatre?
The address is clifton way. The phone is 01223511511. How else can I help you?
I'd like a taxi please to pick me up at The Junction at 06:45 and then take me to Rosa's. Give me the car type and contact number
A white bmw has been booked. Call them at 07945579886 if anything comes up. Do you need anything else?
That is all I need, thank you.
I am so glad that you asked us, have a great day. Good-bye!
Which trains arrive in Cambridge by 17:15?
There are many at that time,can I get a departure site?
Yes I need it to depart from  norwich.
I have a train that arrives in cambridge at 16:35.  Will that work for you?
Yes, what is the ID and price, please? 
The train ID is TR9266. Is there anything else?
And what is the price and departure time?
The price is 17.60 pounds. The departure time is 15:16. Would you like to book it?
Yes please book it for me.
How many tickets do you need to book?
I'm looking for a place to dine in the centre of town that serves modern european food.
There are a total of 4 restaurants in the centre of Cambridge that serves modern european food. Is there a particular price range you would like?
Not really, but I have 8 people with me. 
How about the De Luca Cucina and Bar? They're in the centre with a moderate price range. 
That sounds perfect! Could you book me a table for friday at 18:00 for 8 people. Could you include the reference number also?
I have booked your table. Your reference is ZNVPVZD5. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a hotel, I am on a budget so if you could find a cheap one that would be great. 
There are 9 guesthouses and 1 hotel that is cheap. Do you have any other criteria such as area?
Not really, I don't need free parking or anything. What is available?
I would recommend the Allenbell. Would you care to book a room there?
Yes, for 2 nights for 8 people starting on Friday.
I have booked you and your party for the Allenbell. Your reference number is TZ42QW4H. May I assist you with anything else?
That should be everything. Thank you for all of the assistance!
You are welcome, goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant serving vegetarian food. 
we do not have any restaurant serving vegetarian food.  Can I help you with anything else?
Can you look for Vietnamese restaurants then?
Thanh binh serves vietnamese food. They are located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Would you like more information? 
No, thank you.
Goodbye.
Goodbye. 
good bye.
I am looking for a restaurant called the Slug and Lettuce.
I found a listing for the Slug and Lettuce.  The address is 34 - 35 Green Street in the center of town.  It serves gastropub food. 
that sounds great. Could you make a reservation at 16:00 for 2 people this Saturday?
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try a different restaurant or different day and time? 
Yes, is there anything else in the same vicinity and the same general price range?
I have Backstreet Bistro and The Cow Pizza Kitchen Bar. They both serve gastropub food. Which one do you prefer?
Nah, either one is fine. I need a reference number though.
Ok, I have booked you at the backstreet bistro. Reference number 42VFS0SM. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all. Thank you for your help!
Okay. Glad I could help.
So this is probably impossible but can you find me a 0-star hotel that offers free parking?
I don't have any 0 star hotels with parking available but I do have a couple of guesthouses available. Do you have a location preference?
No, but I would like place in the moderate price range.
Well, I have the Archway House that would fit your needs.  It's located in the North at 52 Gilbert Rd.  Can I book this for you?
What about a moderately priced 4 star hotel with free parking?
Unfortunately there are no moderately priced 4 star hotels with free parking.  Could I interest you in either a 2 star moderately priced hotel, or 4 star guest house?
I think I'll go with my original 0 star.  Archway House sounds fine.  Can you reserve 3 nights arriving on Thursday for 3 people please?
I was able to make a booking for you. Your reference number is J7NF1FG6.
ok I need a place to eat that serves portuguese food 
Nandos serves Portuguese food. There's one in South Cambridge and one in the central area. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, just tell me what kind of prices the one in the south charges.
The one in the south is considered cheap
Ok great. Thanks for the help.
I can make a reservation for Nandos in the south. How many in your party, what day and what time do you want?
Thanks, but I don't need a reservation. Can you tell me their price range please? 
it is in cheap price range
Okay, great. I'll go there. 
Is there anything else I can help with today?
No that's all I need today.
Have a great day
Can you help me find a train going to Peterborough that leaves after 08:45? Thanks!
I can absolutely help you with that, what day will you be planning to travel and where will you be departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge on Sunday.
TR3211 leaves Cambridge at 09:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 09:56. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
I actually need 3 tickets.  Please provide a reference number. 
I booked you 3 seats on the TR3211 train departing Cambridge at 09:06. Your reference is YU1AWA94 and 39.59 GBP is due at the station. Will that be all today?
I am also looking for the hotel A and B guest house.
What would you like to know?
Do they include wifi, and can I get the postcode and phone number?
The A&B Guesthouse does offer free wifi!  And the phone number is: 01223315702.  The postcode is: cb12dp.
Thank you, that's all the information I need today.
I hope you enjoy your stay in our city!
I am traveling to Cambridge and can't wait to see some attractions.  I am interested in a particular attraction.
Okay! What is the name of the attraction that you are interested in?
It is Trinity College. Can you tell me a little about it? 
Sure it is one of Cambridge's most famous colleges and has a 1 pound entrance fee and is located on Trinity Street in the center of town.
Thanks. I also need a cheap place to stay while I am in town.
I have 10 hotels in town matching that requirement ranging from 0 to 4 stars guest houses and hotels. Do you have a preference for the area?
it should be in the east and have free wifi
great, i have 3 options for you!
Give me the cheapest option please and book it for me
That would be for the Leverton House. What day are you wanting to stay and how many guests?
Monday, for 2 nights, 2 people.  I'll need a reference number.  Also, I need a taxi to college by 4:00.  I need the contact number and car type.
Reference number is : XIMION2S, for the hotel. You also need a taxi?
yes i need to leave the hotel by 4:00
Booking completed! Booked car type-yellow lexus Contact number: 07923249169
Great thanks so much! That is all I needed. Have a nice day!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for some good Australasian food. I would like an expensive restaurant also.
I don't have matches. Do you have any other food preferences? 
And I would like something Australasian, or if you can't find that, Chinese, at least.
Great, we have several Chinese restaurants that are expensive. Do you have a preference on what area it is in?
Any area is fine with me, I can drive there.
Is there a certain price point?
I would like a Chinese restaurant the is expensive. 
The Yu Garden is highly recommended, shall I book a table for you?
Yes a table for four please.
what day and time?
Wednesday at 14:45 if that is not available please try Saturday at the same time. Can you send a reference number please?
Booking was successful for Wednesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VRHKSK2R. Can I help with anything else today?
I actually need a train from london liverpool street to cambridge, I want to arrive by 10:30.
Sure, I can help you with that.  Was that for the same day? 
Yes please. for 4 people as well.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : X5HDVSZ6. Anything more? 
no that is it. thanks for your help
Thanks for letting us assist you! Have a great trip!
I love swimming!  Can you recommend a pool in Cambridge?  
Parkside Pools is located in the centre of town. Would you like the address?
No thanks. But can I get the phone number and postcode please? 
Sure, their phone number is 01223446100 and their postcode is cb11ly. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for a train that leaves after 18.00 on sunday
Sure, I would be glad to help. Where will you be departing from? Is there a particular time you'd like to arrive by?
I will be departing from Cambridge to Leicester. The arrival time does not matter as long as it leaves after 18:00.
The first train leaving cabridge for leicester on Sunday is TR9517.  It leaves at 18:21.  Would you like me to book a seat on that train?
Yes, please for one. I will need the reference number
I have it booked for you. Your reference number is knutp0u4. Can I be of further assistance? 
No thanks, that's everything!
Glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!
I need a taxi to arrive at the hotspot by 05:15. I need to leave from the junction. I also need the contact number and car type.
A grey audi will pick you up, and the contact number is 07899518276. Can I help with anything else today?
No that will be all thanks.
Thank you, let us know if we can help anymore. 
I want to find a European restaurant in the west. 
There is one available, the cambridge lodge restaurant, would you like me to book you?
No, I'm just getting some information together.  Is it expensive?
Yes it is an expensive restaurant, do you want to try a different restaurant?
Let's go with Cambridge Lodge.  I'd like to book for 8 at 17:30 on Saturday, please.
Reference number is : IPXE2SID. Is there anything else? 
actually, i want to change the reservation to sunday.
Reference number is : ISJVY1RC. Is there anything else? 
I am also looking for a hotel, it can be expensive, but it needs to have free wifi. 
There are five expensive hotels, all with wifi. Could you tell me which location you are wanting to stay in, to narrow it down?
The area doesn't matter, which one would you recommend?
Sure, I would recommend the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel which is located near the restaurant. Would you like a reservation? 
No thanks, just tell me the phone number and type for it please
It is a hotel and the phone number is 01480446000.
How many stars does this hotel  have? 
It is a 4 star hotel.
I need a taxi to go between the two places, I need a contact number and car type please.
I'd be happy to help with your request. First I'll need to know where you're departing from and what time you'll need picked up?
I need the taxi to pick me up at the hotel and take me to the restaurant by 17:30.
Your all set a yellow audi will be picking you up the contact number is 07509141470, is there anything else you'll be needing today?
No, that was all I needed, thank you so much!
We are happy to help.  Come back soon.
I have been hurt and I need a hospital! Where is there one close by?
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
I need the  phone number, postcode.
The general phone number is 01223245151, postcode CB20QQ.
Okay. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you that is all I needed today.
Have a wonderful rest of your day.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
I can help you with that, do you have a certain place in mind today? Or would you like to search in a specific area?
I'm looking for a Japanese place in the centre of town.
I have one listing for wagamama, will that be okay today?
How expensive is it?
It is expensive range in price. 
Great, please book a table for 7 people at 15:15 on Friday.
I was able to book your table for 7 for Friday at 15:15. The Reference number is : INI5O0N5.
Okay, I also need a train to get to norwich.
What day will you travel?
I'll be leaving Cambridge on Saturday after 13:45.  I''ll be heading to Norwich. Do you have anything for me?
Yes, there are 10 trains that would work. They run every hour starting at 14:36. When would you like to arrive in Norwich?
It doesn't matter when I arrive as long as I leave after 14:35 from cambridge on saturday. And I'll want to book the train for the same group of people.
I have booked you a train leaving at 14:36. The cost is 112.64 GBP. Reference number MB0PZVMJ. How would you like to pay?
I'll pay at the station. Well that's it for me today. Thanks for all your help! G'bye :)
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
Can I get some information on the Ali Baba restaurant?
Sure. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, for 3 people on Sunday at 14:00.
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, a reference number would be great! Could i also get information on the Ashley hotel?
Yes the Ashley hotel is moderately priced, 2 stars and on the north side.
That sounds great please make reservations for 3 people for 2 nights on sunday. 
Your reference number is O39NTCEE. May I help you with anything else today?
I think you answered all my questions. Thanks so much. Have a great day. Goodbye. 
You're very welcome! Thank you! Have a great day! 
I would like to find an expensive restaurant that serves molecular gastronomy please
Would a gastropub work for you?
Can I have more information on gastropub?
There are 3 gastropubs, 2 in the centre and 1 in the east, that are expensive.  Do you have a preference?
If there is no expensive restaurant serving molecular gastronomy food, I would take one that serves Indian food.
Great I recommend Curry Garden.  It is an expensive Indian restaurant in the Centre.  Would you like a reservation?
That place sounds pretty good, but no reservation at this time, thanks. I would like to know their postcode, please?
The postcode is cb21dp.
Great.  I also need some information about an attraction called The Cherry Hinton Village Centre.  Can you look that up?
Absolutely! It is located at cherry hinton road and is an entertainment in the east area.
Thanks.  Can you provide the phone number and postcode too?
Sure thing! The phone number is 01223446104 and the post code is cb18dw. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a taxi today to get me between the two places.
What time would you like that taxi?
I'd like to leave by 06:45, please.
Booking completed! Your contact number is 07984587445, and the car type will be a black lexus. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need. Thanks!
Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I am looking for information on the Scott Polar Museum. 
Scott Polar Museum is in the centre.  Phone number is 01223336540.  Postcode is cb21er, address is lensfield road and entrance fee is free.  Anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all. Thank you very much.
My pleasure, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. 
Sorry, I had another concern. I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 17:15
Where will you be departing from and do you have a particular day you wish to leave?  
I want to depart Wednesday from Norwich
There are several options meeting your criteria. What time would you prefer to depart?
It doesn't matter. I just need the travel time, departure time, and train ID.
TR0033 is the latest train that meets your requirements and leaves norwich at 15:16. If you want to catch an earlier train, they depart hourly. Anything else I can do?
That will be all for now.Thank you very much
You are very welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre! We appreciate your business, have a great a day.
Thank you for your help!
Have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for a park in the town centre.
cambridge university botanic gardens is located at bateman street.
I also would like the postcode, address and entrance fee.
Sure.  Postcode cb21jf on Bateman Street.  It is 4 pounds to get in.
I am looking for a train. The train should depart from norwich and should leave after 11:45
I am happy to help, I just need the day you will be taking that train.
I need to leave on Thursday.
I have the TR6590 leaving at 12:16 how many tickets please?
Actually, I only need the information for today. I don't want to purchase yet. Can I get the arrival time and price for that train?
Sure, it will arrive at 13:35 and it costs 17.60 pounds. 
How long will I be traveling?
About an hour and 15 minutes. 
thanks you have been very helpful
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that should be it for me, thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for attractions in west Cambridge.
I have colleges and museums here. Do you have a preference?
No not really. Just something historical to see.
You may enjoy the museum of classical archaeology located in the west part of town. Would you like more information?
Yes, may I please get their address, postcode and phone number?
No problem.  The museum  is located on sidgwich avenue.  The postalcode is cb39da, and the phone number is 01223335153. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, I also need a train to leicester and traveling on friday.
Alright, let's see what I have for you. Can you tell me what time you would like to leave or arrive by? That will help us narrow one down. 
The train should arrive by 21:45 in Leicester. You can tell me which departure from Cambridge is best for that time.
The TR1233 leaves at 19:21 and arrives by 21:06, would that work?
Yes what would the price be?
The price per ticket on TR1233 is 37.80 pounds. Do you want me to book a seat for you?
No, not at this time, thank you for your help.
You're welcome have a great day
You too, goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I want a place to eat that serves swiss food.
there are no restaurants with swiss food kindly suggest another,
How about does anyone serve European food?
I have many places serving European food. Do you have a price range preference?
It doesn't matter.  Please make a recommendation and book a table for 8 people at 11:30 on saturday.
Michaelhouse Cafe, 15-19 Trumpington Street, reservation for Saturday for 8 people. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number VRZWVKT7. Will there be anything else today?
I am also needing help finding a room. I don't care if they offer free parking or internet. 
I have so many choices for you. It would be better to narrow the down by area.
I'd like a hotel in the south to stay at. It doesn't need to include internet, nor no need to have free parking. Closer to the restaurant would be preferred.
I would recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to make a booking?
I don't need a reservation right now but can I get more information?
Rosa's is a guesthouse in the cheap price range. It has 4 stars. The address is 01223512596 and the postcode is cb22ha. Do you need more information?
Ok that sounds nice please book that for 3 nights for 8 people starting on saturday. 
Your room has been booked. Your reference number is JXKUVL9Y.
Thank you very much!
May I assist you with anything else today?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places
When would you like to leave by?
I would like to leave in time to arrive at the restaurant for my reservation at 11:30.  
Ok I need departure location, arrival location and travel time to book your taxi. 
I will be leaving Rosa's Bed and Breakfast and heading to the restaurant. Please ensure the taxi arrives before 11:30.
Okay I have booked the taxi and you should expect to see a yellow Skoda and your contact number is 07075628107.
Have a nice day.
Thank you.  Have nice trip and call back with any questions.
Hi, I'm looking for a train from Birmingham to Cambridge.
I have this train ticket TR4887	birmingham new street	cambridge	friday	05:40	08:23	75.10 pounds	163 minutes
I need it to arrive on Friday, by 10:45. 
There's a train that arrives at 10:23. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, 10:23 will be fine. Are you able to tell me the departure time, the price, and the travel time, please?
It is leaving at 07:40,price is 75.10 pounds and travel time is 163 minutes. 
Great, thanks so much.  I am also looking for a particular attraction.  Can you see if it is still in Cambridge?
What is the name of the attraction?
It's Saint John's College. Can you find the phone number?
Here is the phone number you requested:01223338600.
Great, thank you. That's all the information I require right now.
Okay, have a great day!
I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves African food in the centre 
Have you tried bedouin?  I can make a reservation, if you like.
I'm looking for something expensive. Is bedouin expensive?
Yes, they are. It's a great place. They are located at 100 Mill Road City Centre. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Table for 2, on Sunday at 11:30.
Your reference numbeer is 05613G8F. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you. That will be it. Thanks and goodbye. 
Alright, enjoy the rest of your day.
I was in a car accident dispute and am looking for help.
The phone number for the police is 01223358966. 
I'll also need the address please.
Sure. The address is Parkside, Cambridge. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, Please  give me the post code.
The postcode for the Parkside Police Station is CB11JG. Do you need any other assistance?
That is all for today. Thanks!
Thank you, have a good day. 
I am looking for a cheap modern European restaurant. Can you help me?
The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill fits that description. Would you like me to book you? 
Yes. 3 people at 13:00 on Thursday. 
I will book that for you now.
Thank you! What's the reference number?
I have booked your table and the reference number is : A36LRSL9.
I am also looking for places to go where I can take a boat.
Yes I have places in the east, north and center. Any preference?
Preferably in the centre, I'll be staying in that area with some friends. 
There is a place in the centre named Scudamores punting co where you can get a boat.  Would you like their phone number or address?
Yes, may I get the address, entrance fee and phone number please?
Yes, they are located at Granta Place, Mill Lane, postcode cb21rs.  You will have to call for an entrance fee, the phone number is 01223359750.  
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Call back if you need further assistance. 
I'm looking for a hotel to stay in that's expensive and on the east side.
express by holiday inn cambridge is on the east side and expensive. 
That sounds good, but can you tell me if it includes free wifi?
Yes it does would you like me to book that for you?
Yes for 1 person, staring Monday starting 2 days.
Okay, you're all set! Your reference number is 7A2J5S4U.
No, that is all. Cheer. 
Thank you for contacting us. Have a wonderful visit.
Where is the train that arrives at 11:00 and leaves to Cambridge?
What day do you wish to travel and where are you departing from?
I want to depart from Broxbourne on Friday.
TR2145 arrives in Cambridge by 10:32.  Would that work for you?
Yes. Please book for 6 people. 
Okay, tickets fro 6 have been booked! Your reference number is AUQ1WQY3. Can I help you with anything else? 
Thank you. Now I would like to party all night at a good night club. Can you help with that?
Yes, I can help you find a nightclub.
I would like one in the west.
I'm so sorry, I'm not showing any nightclubs in the west. Could I look in a different part of town for you?
Okay are there any good colleges in that area?
Queens college would fit that criteria. can I get you more info on it?
What's the entrance fee?
The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Did you need any more information?
Yes, I also need the address and postcode please.
Sure! It's on Silver Street, and the postcode is CB39ET. Can I help you with anything else?
Nothing more. Thank you for the train and college information. Goodbye.
you're welcome, enjoy your visit!
I am looking for information in Cambridge
What type of information do you need help with?
I'm looking for a hotel called, Archway House.
It is in the moderate price range at 52 gilbert road	
Alright. I'd like a room on saturday for 4 nights. 2 people will be staying.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : S9V74O1G. can i be of any help again?
I will also need a train for Saturday, leaving after 13:45.
Sure, I can help you with that.  Where would you like to travel to? 
Going to Cambridge. 
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from London Kings Cross.
And for haw many people ?
There will be 2 people.
I have train TR4101 that leaves at 15:17 and arrives at 18:08. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also provide me the reference number? 
I will get that reference number for you.
Ok, thank you.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.76 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6BM4QJXX.
Great thank you! That's all I needed! Bye!
You're so welcome! Feel free to come back if you think of anything else you need! Bye!
Is there anything fun to see or do on the West end?
Cambridge offers many museums on the West end.  The Cafe Jello Gallery is one that looks fun. Would you like to know about more of them?
I just need the phone number, please.
The phone number for Cafe Jello Gallery is 01223312112. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Can I get a train arriving by 09:30 on wednesday?
Where will you be traveling to and from?
I need to go from cambridge to stevenage, please.
I have a train that arrives by 08:10.
Okay that will work. I need to book it for 7 people. 
You have 7 tickets for the train, your reference # is: 9VEQHOIF. The fee is 89.6, pay at the station.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. That will be all
Great! Have a nice night!
I want a taxi to saint barnabas press gallery
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by 02:15 please
And where shall the taxi pick you up from?
I'll be leaving from the gardenia. 
I was able to book a white Honda to come pick you up.
Do you have a contact number?
I do. The contact number is 07565551226.
That's all I need thanks
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Can you help me find a museum to visit?
I can. Does location matter?
No, it does not matter.  You can make a suggestion and provide the address and postcode.
cambridge and county folk museum located at 2-3 Castle street. 3.50 pounds to get in, but well worth it.Check out the gift shop too.
Can I have the postcode, please? 
The postcode is at cb30aq
Thanks much! Oh and I'd also like to find a place to dine in the centre. Can you help me with that too?
Absolutely. What sort of cuisine would you like?
I'd like modern American in the moderate price range, if possible?
I have none that match your criteria.  May I suggest a different area or food type?
If you don't have any Modern American places, maybe Modern European?
There are 2 modern European restaurants.
Could you pick one and give me the postcode and phone number?
Sure thing here you go 01223259988 and cb21rt.
What is the address?
Riverside Brasseri, located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Will there be anything else?
great! I also want to book a taxi from the cambridge and county folk museum going to Riverside Brasseri by 18:30.
Ok great, your booking is completed. Car type is a Blue Lexus, contact number is 07998934356. 
Can you reserve it for me?
Your booking is complete. Can I help you with anything else?
What adult attraction are within 5 miles of the restaurant?
I have ballare nightclub very close in the same area.
I was never given the car type and contact number for my taxi, could you please provide them?
I'd be happy to give that to you again. Car type is a Blue Lexus, contact number is 07998934356. Can I assist you further?
NO that was all I needed. THank you, 
thank you for choosing us
i am glad i was of help
Thank you for calling today. Please feel free to reach out if you need anything else. Goodbye.
I am looking for a hotel called a and b guest house.
That guest house is moderately priced and located in the east. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do they provide free parking and internet?
They have free internet offered but not parking.
That's fine I guess. I need to reserve a table at an expensive restaurant in the centre part of town, can you help me?
I show 33 expensive restaurants in the Centre area of town. Before we narrow down your restaurant selection, let's complete your reservation with A and B Guesthouse.
can i please get the address, postcode, and food type
Ok, I can book you at Bedouin - address is 100 Mill Rd City Centre, CB12BD and they serve African food.
Thank you that is all I needed today. 
You're quite welcome, have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
Hi, I'd like to find out more about any luxury hotels that have at least a 3-star rating.
I have found 2 luxury hotels that both have 3 star ratings. The Gonville and The Lensfield hotel are both available to book. 
The hotel should be expensive and does not need to have free parking.
Both the Gonville and Lensfield are expensive. Both also do have free parking. Do either one of those sound suitable?
the first one sounds ok to me.
I can go ahead and book it for you.
Yes please make a booking for 1 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
I made a reservation for you at the Gonville Hotel for 5 nights starting Saturday. Your reference is PUX8NRCE. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  That was all I needed.
Ok, have a great day!
Are there any rooms available in hotels with free parking?
Yes. Do you have a preference for the hotel's area or price range?
Are there any available for less than $200 a night?
There are several. Alexander Bed and Breakfast is cheap and is in the Centre. Would you like me to book that?
Is that a 2 star hotel?
No, it has 4 stars
Let's try a hotel type with free parking in the centre of town with a star of 2.
I'm sorry. I have no 2 star hotels in the center of town. However, I have some in other parts of town. Would you care to modify your search criteria?
how about for 2 nights?
The only 2 star hotels are in the north or the east.  Do you mind staying in one of those areas?
Yes that would be fine with me
How about the Ashley Hotel? It is on the north side of town, has 2 stars, free wifi and parking, and is moderately priced.
Can you make a reservation for 6 people for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.
Unfortunately, the rooms are unavailable for that day and time. Can I try a shorter stay for you or possibly a different day?
How about for 2 nights?
Yes, I was able to successfully book you for two nights. Is there anything else you need?
Can I have the reference number and address please?
Of course! The reference number is QZYSOMAW and the address is 74 chesterton road. May I help with anything else?
Nope, that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
We're glad to be of service, and please do not hesitate to contact us if you need more help while you're in Cambridge!
I'm so hungry - can you find me a place to eat in the city centre?
I'm happy to help! There are a great deal of restaurants there. What type of food did you have in mind?
I do not not care, it just needs to be expensive. 
fitzbillies restaurant serves british food would that be okay?
Yes, may I have the address?
Sure, they're located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, can you help me find a train that can take me from Cambridge to Norwich?
Certainly. Can you tell me what day you would like to travel?
the train should arrive by 13:45 and book for 6 people and give me the reference number please 
I'd be happy to, but can you tell me which day you'd like to travel on?
The train should leave on thursday.
The one closest to your desired arrive by time will arrive at 12:55 and depart at 11:36.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please. Could I have the reference number as well?
I was able to book you 6 tickets for that train. Your reference number is  PSQ9JOOI. Is there anything else I can help with? 
No, I do not think so. Thank you for your help. 
Okay great, have a good day!
A cheap jamaican restaurant, please. If you cannot find one, then mediterranean.
There are no Jamaican restaurants listed. I will look for Mediterranean. 
Okay what is the phone number and postcode of that mediterranean place?
The Gardenia is located in the centre at postcode C.B 2, 3 L.L and can be reached at 01223 356354. Can I get anything else for you? 
Thank You
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant that is expensive and is in the east part of town.
Which food type appeals to you currently? There are listings for British, Indian, Chinese, and gastropub.
I don't care.
Grafton Hotel Restaurant serves British food in the east part of town.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can I get the phone number, please?
The Grafton Hotel Restaurant's phone number is 01223 241387.
Sorry what type of food do they serve? 
They serve british food. 
Thanks so much
Nice talking to you, Thank you. Good bye 
Thank You
Thank YOU. Enjoy your meal.
I'm looking for something cheap in the south part of town.
There are two restaurants serving cheap food in the south part of town.  Do you have a preference of portuguese or chinese food? 
Either is fine, can you provide the address and phone number?
Nandos is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Their phone number is 01223 327908. Can I help you with anything else? 
Thank you good bye. 
Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for a train from kings lynn.
I have 133 trains that match that criteria, do you have an arrival time in mind?
I would like to travel on Thursday.
OK, and at what time?
I'd like to go after 10:00.
I have train TR6298 leaving Kings Lynn at 10:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:58. It costs 9.80 pounds and runs for 47 mins. Can I interest you in that one?
Please book that for 8 people. Please give me the reference number.
Reference number is : Z898A328.  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Thank you so much for your help. No, that is all.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I want an expensive place to stay in the west side.
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is an expensive, 4-star hotel in the west that offers free internet and parking. Would you like me to book this for you?
I don't really need internet, but that sounds like everything else I want.  Yes, I'd like you to book it.
OK, what is your arrival date, number of nights, and number of people in your party?
I will hold off on the booking today I think I have all I need
Okay, the phone number is 01480446000 for your convenience. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I would like to book the hotel for 6 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.
Booking was not possible. Would you like to try a shorter stay, fewer rooms, or another day?
Yes, is 3 nights possible? Could I also please have a reference number? 
Great, the booking was successful.  Your reference number is HJHE475H.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I would like to make reservations for my party to have dinner one night near the hotel. We would like to go to a restaurant that serves Indian food, if possible.
I see one moderately priced Indian restaurant in that area, and several expensive ones. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer one of the expensive places. Need to impress my guests, you know?
There are three expensive Indian Restaurants in that area. Can I recommend Tandoori Palace?
Yes, that sounds good. Please book it for the same 6 people at 12:30 on Sunday.
I was not able to reserve a table for you at that time. Is there a different day or time slot that you would like?
Yes, how about 11:30 instead? Please send reference number for the booking.
Great! I have a table for 6 people at 11:30 onSundar at Tandoori Palace, Reference Number 3BMGPAN3. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thank you, that is all I needed!
Thank you, you have a good day!
I need to book a taxi to come pick me up by 10:30 to take me to Midsummer House Restaurant.
Okay! What is your departure site?
I'm coming from city stop restaurant.
Okay, I've got you a black bmw with the contact number 07083984796.
Thank you so much!
Is there anything else I can help you with
I need a train that is leaving from cambridge and should leave on thursday.
Great! Where are you leaving from?
I'll be departing from Ely.
We have 10 trains that fit that criteria. Is there a particular time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to arrive by 12:45 please.
TR5216 departs at 11:50 and arrives at 12:07. Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds good - it is going to Cambridge, yeah? I'll need the travel time on that one too, please.
Travel time is a mere 17 minutes, and the per person price is 4.4 GBP. Would you like tickets, or is there something else I can help with?
I am looking for information about a particular attraction called Whale of a Time.
Whale of time is in the west of town & I'm unsure about the entrance fee. Would you like the number to call & ask for this info?
Yes, and can I get the area and postcode as well
Of course, their phone number is 01954781018 and the postcode is cb238el.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome! Have a great time!
That's all the help I need today, thanks, goodbye.
You are very welcome! Toodles!
Can you help me, I've been mugged?
you can get help here Parkside Police Station Telephone	:	01223358966 Address	:	Parkside, Cambridge Postcode	:	CB11JG
Thank you, I will contact the Parkside Police Station by calling them at: 01223358966.
Are you injured? Do you need hospital information?
no, that is all. Thanks
I'm glad you're not hurt, and I hope the police are able to help you with the robbery. If there's anything else I can help with just let me know.
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant.
Do you have a certain cuisine or area in mind?
I want british food. In the east, please.
The Graffton Hotel Restaurant is in the east and serves British food.  It's location is 619 Newmarket Rd. Fen Ditton.
I will need it for Saturday, 7 people at 17:45 please.
I have successfully booked a table for 7 on Saturday at 17:45 for you. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is R8CV0HU9.
I am also looking for a train on sunday.
I can help you with that.  Can you please tell me what station you will be leaving from and your destination.  Also a time preference.
I'll be leaving Sunday from Cambridge and heading to Birmingham New Street.  I need to arrive by 19:15.  I need to book this for 7 people.  Rererence number?
You are booked on TR2776, with the reference number D1P5X7FS. The total fee is 420.56 GBP payable at the station. Is there anything else?
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
In case you and your party need assistance, the Parkside Police Station number is 01223358966. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train leaving Cambridge traveling to Kings Lynn.
What day will you be traveling.
I will be traveling on Wednesday and it needs to leave after 15:15 if possible.
TR8890 leaves at 16:11, would that work for you?
Yes, that would be great. Can you book that for me for 5 people and be sure and give me the reference number?
I've reserved 5 train tickets for you on the TR8890. Reference number is R0XHVN6M, and your total due is 49 GBP, which is payable at the station. Need anything else?
I also need a place to a place to stay in the moderate price range with free wifi.
Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
It doesn't really matter, but I'd like it to have a 4-star rating, please.
There are 11 places fitting your needs in the east, north and south of town. Do you have a preference?
Please pick one that has free parking.
How about the Acorn Guest house? It is rated 4 stars and is on the north side of town. They offer free parking and internet.
Yes this is perferect please book it for me.
How many days will you be staying for?
Is there a certain amount of days that is minimum?
No, you can stay for as long or as little as you like.  
Ok thanks so much for your help. Have a nice day!
You are very welcome. Are you sure you don't need me to book that hotel for you? I would just need a few items of information.
No, I've changed my mind and will book it online later in the week. That's all I need. Have a great day.
You also have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Wonderful!  What can I do to help you plan?
I need a train leaving from London Liverpool Street on Monday. Are there any trains available?
We do have some trains, what time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave after 14:00 and go to cambridge.
TR9202 would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
No thank you. Can you provide me with the arrival time, price, and train ID?
TR9202 costs 16.60 pounds per ticket and arrives by 17:07. Will that be all?
yes, book it please.
Can you tell me how many people will be travelling?
Actually, I don't need for you to book it, but I do need some suggestions for places to go in the west part of town.  Any type of attraction.
How about the cafe jello gallery?  It is in the west and it's free.
That would be great. What is the attraction type?
It is a museum, and admission is free. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
You are very welcome.  Have a great day!
I need a place to stay in the west with 4 stars.
I would suggest the cambridge belfry. What price rage are you looking for?
I want a hotel.
There are two hotels that fit your criteria. One is cheap and one is expensive. Which would you prefer? 
I don't care. I trust you. Please book it from Saturday for 5 nights for 7 people.
You are all booked at the Cambridge belfry. Reference number 27NHEG0N.
I'm also looking for a train. The train should be on the same day as the hotel booking.
There is a train, #TR4824 from London Kings Cross to Cambridge on Saturday at 09:17. Arrives at 10:08. It costs 18.88 pounds and takes 51 minutes to arrive. Is that ok?
Yeah, that would be great.  
How many tickets would you like?
I don't need it booked right now. I think that was all I needed. Thanks for your help!
Can I help you with anything else?
No that's all. Thanks. 
Thank you, have a good trip. Bye. 
I am looking for an architecture attraction somewhere in Cambridge.
There are 5 different attractions all located in the centre of the city. I'd recommend holy trinity church.
Okay.  Can you tell me how much it costs to get in?
It is free.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, what can you tell me about a hotel called the Warkworth House? 
Hey, the Warkworth is in the East part of town, it's a four star hotel with moderate pricing.  What can I tell you about it?
I would like to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday. 
Your hotel is booked starting Wednesday and your reference number is PADGS18.  May I assist you with anything else today?
Actually, yes. I need a taxi to pick me up from Holy Trinity Church at 1:15  and take me to the hotel.
I have booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 1:15 from Holy Trinity Church. Would you like the car type and contact number?
Yes, please, that would be nice.
The vehicle you will be expecting is a black Tesla . The contact number is 07726876557. Anything else you need?
No thank you, that is everything.  
You're welcome. Have a good day!
I am looking for a danish restaurant in the centre of town.
I'm sorry, I don't have anything matching that description. Would you be willing to expand your area to see what we can find?
No I think I'd rather find something European in the center of town that is cheap. Can you help me with that?
I'm sorry, but I don't have anything matching that description. Would you like to expand your food type to find more?
Sure, how about about one that serves Indian food?
There is a restaurant called Kohinoor that serves cheap Indian food in the centre area. Would you like to book a reservation?
No thank you, but can I please have the address, postcode, and phone number?
Yes certainly their address is 74 Mill Road City Centre and their postcode is cb12as. Their telephone number is 01223323639. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I don't need further help. Thank you.
You are welcome. Please contact us again soon. Have a good day. 
I need assistance finding information for a hotel called Lovell Lodge.
Sure, I can help you. It is a hotel located in the north and has a moderate price range. It has 2 stars and offers free internet and parking. 
What's the hotels postcode? 
it has a postcode of: cb41sr.
I also need a place to eat in the centre and has a moderate price.
Sure, is there a certain type of food you're looking for?
Nothing specific, as long as the price is moderate and it is in the centre of town. I will only need a table for one.
What about the Cotto? It's british food. 
Yes, that is fine. For one Saturday, 13:45
I'm sorry I was unable to book that, shall we try another restaurant?
Go ahead and book it if 12:45 works?
That was a success. Would you like the reference number?
Yes, a reference number will be good.
It's  AMA9MVKJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, that's everything I need.
Have a good day.  Thank you for using our service.  
Thanks! You too!
Thank you, feel free to contact us for any help.
I would like to book a hotel in Cambridge. Is there any availability at the Autumn House?
When would you like to visit autumn house?
Yes. Book it for 6 people and 4 nights from thursday.
I have your party of 6 booked at Autumn House for 4 nights starting Thursday, your reference number is 4ZZ358JU. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a train to Cambridge. I would like to leave Thursday.
No problem. Where are you leaving from?
Ely. Oh and I'll need to arrive by 9.
I have the TR7745 leaving ely at 7:35 and arriving at 7:52. Would you like to make a booking today?
Yes, for the same group of 6.
Your train has been booked. Your reference number is RSOJO37T. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I don't believe so. I think that does it. Have a great night. Bye. 
Thank you. Goodbye.
Hi, I am looking to go to a place with multiple sports in the centre.  Can you help me?
The cherry hinton village centre is available if that works for you?
Is that a multiple sports attraction in the centre? How much does it cost?
No, the only multiple sports place is in the east. Would you prefer that one, or perhaps a different type of attraction in the centre?
I'd like to definitely see something in the centre of town. How about a museum? Can you recommend a nice one?
There are 5 museums in the centre of town. All with free admission. My favorite is Castle Galleries on St. Andrews Street.
Excellent, can I get the address and post code please?
Of course! The postcode is cb23bj and it is located at Unit su43, Grande Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that is all thanks.
If you need anything else, feel free to contact us again. Have a nice day.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the south part of town
Restaurant Alimentum serves modern European food and is located in the south part of town and is in the moderate price range.
Can you give me their address and phone number?
The phone number for Restaurant Alimentum is 01223 413000 and the address is 152 - 154 Hills Road.  Anything else I can help you find today?
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you and have a great day!
I am looking to find an expensive restaurant in the north area of town.
I have five restaurants matching your request.  Would you like Asian, Chinese, European, or French food?
European sounds good!
Would you like me to go ahead with booking at city stop restaurant?
Not right now. Can you give me their address and postcode?
Sure, city stop restaurant, Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton cb41uy, phone 01223363270. Would you like to book a table?
No thank you. Are there any parks in town?
there is milton country park in the north, it's in the address milton country park, milton.
Okay, thank you. What is the entrance fee?
Entrance is free at Milton Country Park.
I also need a taxi to pick me up from Milton Country park  by 20:30.
I can book a taxi for you but will need to know your destination in order to book it for you.  
My destination is City Stop Restaurant.
I have booked a taxi for you for 20:30. Look for a yellow bmw. Contact number is 07961088935
Wonderful. Thanks for help.
If you need anything else, we're always here and ready to help!
I am looking for information in Cambridge
Okay! What would you like to know?
I should have already told you that, how rude of me.  Can you please tell me what museums are in Cambridge?
there are 79 museums is there a particular type or area you would prefer?
I really don't have a preference.  Do you have one that you could recommend that would be interesting for a few different age groups?
i like cambridge artworks. it is in the east side. can i give you the  address?	
Yes thank you. I'd love to get the address there.
Okay the address is 5 greens road.
I also need to find a train for Wednesday between Cambridge sand Stansted Airport to arrive by 16:15.
Okay, sure.  Train TR0678 leaves Cambridge on Wednesday and arrives at Stansted Airport by 16:08.  Would you like to book that?
What is the price?
37 pounds, I can book it for you and get a reference number ?
What are my choices for a moderately priced hotel in the west please?
The Hobsons House guesthouse is in the west and is moderately priced. They are a 3 star establishment offering free wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
A guest house sounds perfect. I am not sure about a reservation? Is it a good place?
Based off its 3 star rating I would say it is a good place to stay.  Would you like to book a room?
Yes.  Can you book it for two guests?  We will be staying three nights beginning Tuesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 4AXDYT23. Anything else?
Yes - are there any indian restaurants in town? Something moderately priced?
There are 4 such restaurants. I recommend curry prince.
Is it located in the west? 
Curry Prince is in the east. If you need someplace in the west, I recommend Meghna.
Either is fine. I need a table for 2 the same day at 17:00. 
I would go with Meghna in the west. But they are fully booked at that time. Would you like me to try another time? 
Yes, please, perhaps 15:00
I'm sorry, that time was also unsuccessful. Would you like to try another?
Okay. let's try 16:00.
That worked!. your reservation number will be MPQPD3PQ.
Fantastic, thank you, that should be all.
Great! Have a wonderful time! 
Yes, I was wondering what the location is of Addenbrookes Hospital.
That hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Thank you. Could you please get me the phone number?
The main hospital phone number is 01223245151. Were you looking for a specific department?
no, that's all thanks 
Happy to help. Feel free to call back if any additional questions come up. Have a good day.
Yeah, could you find me a train? I'm in Cambridge, and I'd like to go over to Birmingham New Street.
There are 133 trains making that trip, do you have a day and time you would like to go?
Yes, I'd like to leave after 21:00 on Wednesday.
I have a train that departs at 21:01 and two more each a hour later than the first. Which train would you like to book?
I will take the 21:01. the ticket is just for me and I would like a reference number after the booking is completed.
I have successfully booked you for the TR7935 train leaving at 21:01. Your reference number is E9ZIOMAN.
Great, thank you! I'd like to find a place to stay, too. I'm thinking of something in the moderate range with free parking. Any ideas?
I have 12 guesthouse and 2 hotels in that range. Is there a certain area of town you would like to stay in?
No preference on area, but can you see if there are any that have 4 stars?
I have 3 in the north, 1 in the south, and 1 in the east.
I'll take whichever one doesn't include Internet.
It looks like all 9 choices do include Internet. Would you be willing to use one of those?
Would you like to book one of those today?
I could certainly help you book one if you don't mind that it has internet. Would you like to try the Acorn Guest House?
Okay, let's try that one.
What day would you like to book the hotel for?
Does it have four stars?
Yes, it has 4 stars and includes free parking.
That sounds perfect. Can I have the postcode and phone number please?
Sure, the postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888.  Can I help with anything else today?
No that sounds perfect. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a train going to broxbourne please.
the train id is TR6549 and it leaves on friday
Is this all you needed?
It will be leaving at 5:01 and arriving at 6:01.
Hi, I want a moderately priced restaurant located in the south part of town.
Pizza hut cherry hinton is in the south part of town and in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location? 
address and postcode please
Their address is G4 Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and their postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, thank you, goodbye.
enjoy your meal!
I am looking for a 2 star hotel that also includes free wifi.
The ashley hotel is a 2 star moderately priced hotel that includes free wifi. Would you be interested in booking a room at this location?
Where is it located? I'm looking for something in the East.
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is a 2 star hotel with free wifi. It is in the east, and is in the expensive price range.
What type of place is the Express? 
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is a hotel. 
Do they also have free parking? 
Yes, it has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to make a reservation for you at the express by holiday inn cambridge?
What type of hotel is it?
This is an expensive hotel.
I want to make sure that it's a hotel and not just a guest house. It sounds like it's not a guest house though, is that right?
It is a hotel, not a guesthouse.
Thank you very much! 
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you. That will be everything.
Glad to help. Thank you and goodbye! 
I would like to eat in the Center of town at a expensive place.
For Town Centre, there are African, Asian Oriental, and British options. Which of these would you prefer?
How about African? I'd like to book a table for 7 at 16:15 on Tuesday.
I have booked a table at bedouin African restaurant for 7 people at 16:15 tuesday. Your reference number is VAZCWIS6. May I help with anything else?
Nope that's all I needed! Thanks!
Okay great. Enjoy your dining experience.
I'm looking for places to go see good architecture in the centre of the city.
There are 4 churches and a school with excellent architecture. Any preference?
Can you recommend one? I'd like the entrance fee and the phone number, please. 
Old schools is nice. The phone number is 01223332320 and it's free to get it.
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north? Can you tell me some hotels in the north?
There are two hotels in the north end. Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge. 
What is the cost per night?
They are both in the moderate price range.
If there are not any cheap hotels in that location then one of the moderately priced hotels will be fine.
There are two cheap guesthouses in the north, if you would prefer a guesthouse to a hotel. Otherwise, which of the two hotels would you like to reserve?
I need a hotel, so I will go with Ashley Hotel if it is in the moderate price range. I need to book for 5 nights.
Okay, how many people will be in your group, and which day would you like to begin your stay? 
I will have 4 people. I want 5 nights starting from Sunday please. 
I'm sorry, those days are unavailable. Can you perhaps shorten your stay or change the day?
How about 2 nights instead?
I've made a successful reservation for two nights at the Ashley Hotel. The reference number is GGM7TFLP. 
Okay, I think that's all I need. Thanks for your help!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes indeed. Bye now.
Okay thank you for using our service.
I need a taxi to come to gallery at twelve a high street by 4:00.
Ok, where do you need to go?
I want to the gallery at twelve high street. 
I'm sorry, can you confirm if you're leaving from or going to Gallery at Twelve a High Street?
I am departing from the junction and going to gallery at twelve.
You'll be picked up at the junction, to gallery at twelve a high, by 4:00. Your auto is a grey skoda, contact number: 07355269466.
Okay thank you!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Ok, thank you for contacting us and have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 4 and should include free parking
The Cambridge Belfry fits your request.  Would you like to book a room?
Sorry. I prefer a guesthouse. Does the Cambridge Belfry meet that requirement?
I apologize, it does not. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
Yes, it should be in the cheap price range.
How about allenbell? It looks lovely.
Sounds interesting! What area is it in?
The allenbell is in the east area. Would you like a reservation?
Do they have internet?
Yes, the allenbell meets all your needs. Shall I book the guesthouse for you?
Wait, first let me know: do they have internet access?
Yes, the Allenbell has internet service. Would you like me to book this location for you?
I don't need a booking yet. I do need the postcode, though.
The postcode for the Allenbell is cb13js. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Could you also please tell me the area that is in?
Sure, the Allenbell Guesthouse is located in the east. Can I help with anything else? 
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you for your help today.
You are more than welcome!
I want a moderately priced restaurant and serves asian oriental food. What is the address and phone number?
there is an Asian Oriental place at 40428 King Street City Centre. You can call them at 01223 518111.
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using our system!   Have a great day!
I looking for a restaurant in centre.
dojo noodle bar is a nice restaurant in the centre of town, it serves asian oriental food.
Is that restaurant moderately priced? 
What criteria are you searching for concerning dining?
I'm looking for a moderately priced European restaurant located near the centre? 
great, i have 4 options for you to choose from!
Please make a suggestion and provide the postcode, address, and phone number.
The hotel du vin and bistro is my favorite. Address is 15 - 19 Trumpington Street cb21qa, phone 01223227330
I'm also looking for a train that leaves after 20:15 on Saturday.  I need to go to Kings Lynn from Cambridge please.  Do you have anything?
Yes, the TR6633 leaves at 21:11 and arrives by 21:58. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
yes please. book it for four people and send me the reference number.
Your train is booked, the total fee is 31.36 GBP payable at the station and   the reference number is : 63QMG2XO. May i help you with something else?
I need information about trains leaving from Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford.
Okay! I can help you with that. What day are you wanting to travel?
I will be traveling on sunday. 
I have 10 trains leaving from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Sunday. The earliest leaves at 05:29 and the latest leaves at 23:29. Would you like to book a seat?
I need one that leaves after 17:15
The first one out after that time is TR6742, departing at 17:29. Would you like to book a ticket on that train?
Yes, I need two seats please. Can you give me the reference number after they are booked?
Two seats are booked for TR6742. Your reference number is ESM407G4. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I need to find a hotel too. 
What are your preferences regarding area, price range and star rating? Or do you have other needs?
it should include free parking. The hotel should have a star of 2.
So, I have three hotels in town that have 2 stars and parking. Do you have a preference on cost? I have two moderate and one expensive.
I'm not picky, it just needs to have 2 stars.
I need to know what price range please. 
I don't have a preference just 2 stars please. 
The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge are both moderately priced and in the north, while Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is expensive and in the east. Would you like to book?
The Ashley Hotel sounds good. I need to make a reservation for the same amount of people, for 5 nights, starting Tuesday. 
So you'd like me to book the guesthouse Tues thru Sat is that correct?
No I'd like you to book the Ashley Hotel for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.
How many people will be staying?
There will be five of us.
Booking was successful. Is there anything else that you would like?
Yes, can you find me a restaurant for Friday night of that week?
What kind of food would you like?
I'm interested in Asian food.
on the same area?
Oh, never mind the restaurant. I'll book it myself. Did I say 5 people at the hotel? I'm sorry, I meant 2.
Ok, no problem I can change that
Can you provide the reference number?
The reference number is 1BWYJXU9
Thank you that will be all I need.
You are welcome enjoy.
Hello, I am trying to find an attraction in the west part of town. Can you help me?
Sure, there are many colleges and museums in the west, there is also some entertainment. Do you have a preference on any of these?
Not really.  Could you give me the postcode for one of the museums?
The one I recommend is the People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College. It's free to get in. Their postcode is cb3ojg. Is there any other information I can provide? 
Thank you. That's all I need today. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Hello. I've been recommended a restaurant called The Missing Sock. Can you direct me to where it is located? 
Sure, they server international food and are located at 	Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Would also like their phone number?
I need to call to book a reservation, so that would be great.
Sure thing. What day and time would you like for your reservation, and for how many people?
The reservation will be for Sunday at 18:00 for 7 people.  If 18:00 is not available please try 17:00 and provide me with a reference number.
I was able to get you a table at 17:00, reference number is SZGQO8JU. Since we were able to take care of your reservation do you still want the phone number?
I don't need it anymore. Can you look for a place to stay, please? I would like something in the north with 4 stars. 
I have a few different options.  Do you need internet or parking?
Need a hotel in the North with a 4 star rating, should be a type of guesthouse with free parking, please.
The Kirkwood House is beautiful and meets your requirements.  Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Yes, this sounds ideal. I need an address
The address is 172 chesterton road.  
And would it be possible to get a taxi from the Kirkwood to the restaurant?
I have booked you a yellow volkswagen with contact number 07858089421
ok, that's all I needed, thank you so much!
You're very welcome!  I hope that you enjoy your time here!  Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Hi, I'd like to find an expensive cantonese restaurant. 
There are no restaurants in the area that match your preferences.  Is there anything else you'd be interested in?
How about North American food?
Gourmet Burger Kitchen serves North American food, is in the expensive price range, and is in the centre part of town. Would you like the phone number?
Yes, I would like their phone number and postcode, please. 
Gourmet Burger Kitchen's phone number is 01223 312598 and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.B. May I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for the information.  Goodbye.
You're welcome, goodbye.
I am looking for the soul tree nightclub.
That's a great spot for nightlife! It's located in the city centre and they only charge 4 pounds for their entrance fee.
What area is it located in and what is the postcode?
The postcode is cb23qf. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm looking for a train to Cambridge on Monday.
I can certainly help you with that. Where will you be departing from?
Stansted Airport. I'll need a train that leaves after 10:45.
I have train TR5754 that will be departing at 11:24 and will arrive by 11:52. Do you think that would work for you? 
Yes that will work. Can we book for 5 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 50.5 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is 7TR7SDNQ.
Thanks!  That's all I need for today.  Goodbye.
Thank you and have a good trip.
I'd like to find an expensive restaurant that serves venetian food. 
There is not matching places that fits your request. Can i help you with something else?
Are there any Asian Oriental restaurants in that price range?
Yes. Kymmoy is an expensive restaurant serving asian oriental food in the centre part of town. 
Thank you.  May I have their phone number? 
Their number is 01223 311911. Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you.
Thank You good bye
I'm hurt and I need the nearest hospital. 
The nearest hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital.
Can I get the address and phone number?
I'm just going to call an ambulance.
No thank you, just give me the address, postcode, and phone number please. 
Addesbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd with the postcode CB20QQ. The direct phone number for the emergency department is 01223217118. Are you sure I can't book you an ambulance?
No, thanks. I will head there myself. Thanks for your help. Bye. 
Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
I would like find some information about a train. Specifically, I'm looking for details about a train that leaves Tuesday after 11:15.
Can I get information on where you will be departing from?
Yes, I'll be departing from London Kings Cross.
The TR7850 leaves London Kings Cross at 11:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:08. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please book it for 5 people and give me the reference number.
The reference number is 6SCORZPY. 
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves modern european food in the expensive price range.  What do you find available?
The only place in town like that is Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop. It's in the center of town. Would you like a table?
Can you just give me their phone number and postcode?
Certainly!  Their phone number is 01223505015 postcode cb11n.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I need. I appreciate the help.
You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
Yes, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
There are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a food type preference?
No, maybe you could book me at your favorite for Saturday?    There will be 8 of us, at 17:30.
Well, my personal favorite is Copper Kettle. I've booked you a table for 8 on Saturday at 17:30. Your reference number is LSQYZI7O. 
Great, thanks so much!
You're welcome. Do you need anymore assistance today?
No that was all I needed thanks for the help. Have a great day. 
Thank you, enjoy your visit, goodbye!
I'm looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve japanese food and should be in the centre.
There is one restaurant called wagamama that fits your needs. 
I'd like somewhere expensive, is it?
Yes it is. 
Then that will be good. I need a reservation for 4 on Friday night please.
What time would you like to dine?
I'd like to eat at 17:30
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : FFAIB546.  Can I be of any other assistance today?
That is it, thank you.
we appreciate you using our services.
Hello, I'm looking for some cheap restaurant recommendations. 
I would suggest the Rice House in the Centre.
Is this located in the south?  I would like Portuguese food please.
Nandos serves Prtuguese food and it located in the South. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please for 2 people at 18:30 on a Wednesday.
I've made your reservations and your reference number is : E0E1O4MU.
Great! Thank you for all your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'd also like information about a train. I will be travelling on Wednesday.
Where will you be departing from?
I'm traveling from norwich.
where are you traveling to? and what time will you need to arrive?
I'm headed to cambridge and need to arrive by 11:00.
There is a train leaving at 9:16 that will get you in by 10:35.
Ok. Thanks.  That is all. 
thanks for using our services welcome anytime
I need a train that leaves after 13:30 saturday afternoon please. 
Can you please tell me what your destination is for that trip?
I would like to depart from Cambridge and arrive at Stevenage, please.
There are 5 trains meeting that criteria. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, I would like to book the ticket now, could I please have the train ID? 
The train ID is TR8813, how many tickets would you like to book?
I can take care of that myself. Can you also help me find a place to dine in the south, priced cheaply please. 
How about Portuguese cuisine at Nandos? Would you like any more information about them or assistance booking a reservation?
That's perfect. I'd like to book that restaurant for just myself at 10:00 on the same day. Could I get the reference number as well, please?
OK, you have a table for 1 at 10:00 on Saturday at Nandos. Your reference number is 3JRN2T9Y. Can I help with anything else today?
I am all set. Thanks! 
Thank you for contacting the help desk. Please, if you have any more questions, do not hesitate to ask.
Hey there. Can you help me find a swimming pool here in the city?
We have four such places. Got a preference for area?
Not really, no. Any area will do. Can you recommend one and provide me the phone number? 
The parkside pools is in the centre area, phone number 01223446100. Can I help you any further?
No actually, that is just the information I needed.  Thanks and have a good day.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I want something in the north part of town with swedish food.
There are no restaurants matching your requests.  Would you care for a different restaurant? 
Are there any italian restaurants in the north part of town?
yes there is one, its name is da vinci pizzeria. 
great, can you please give me its address and phone number? 
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223 351707.  Can I help you with anything else today? 
Thank you good bye. 
Thank you, and enjoy your meal!
Thanks!
Goodbye.
Is there any french food in Cambridge?
Yes there is one
Well, can you give me some information on it?
Well there are two french restaurants actually, sorry had a blond moment. One in the north and one in the centre, which one were you interested in?
I would like something expensive.  Is either option expensive?
Both are expensive options. 
Can you book me a table for two at the one in the centre for saturday at 19:00 and send me a ref number.
Excellent choice! I've booked you a table for 2 at the Cote. Your reference number is EUOHK8LX and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. 
Great!  I am also looking for a train for the same day, departing from london kings cross and going to cambridge.  It should arrive by 11:00.  
There are three trains that would bring you to Cambridge by 11:00. They depart at 5:17, 07:17, and 09:17. Which train would you prefer?
Let's book the earliest train, to give us more time to enjoy the city. Please book seats for two and let me know the reference number.
Okay, you're booked. Your reference number is  R2OF8D6Q. Your total cost is  37.76 GBP payable at the station .  How can I further assist you?
That is all for today. Thank you very much for all your help. Goodbye.
welcome and thanks for inquiring with us
I am looking for a guesthouse in cambridge with free wifi.
What price range are you looking for?
Expensive and in the north please. 
My system is not pulling up any guesthouses in the north with free wifi and expensive in price. Would you like to adjust your criteria?
Can you check to see if there is a similar hotel in the moderate price range please?
I have several moderately priced guesthouses.  Do you have a star preference?
Not particularly, but the nicer the better, of course. I'm coming in saturday and staying 5 nights. Can you book it for me? There's 4 in my party.
The booking was successful. Would you like the reference number?
Yes, I would like the reference number please. 
The reference number is GF89WKAB, can I assist with anything else?
I also need a place to eat that serves british food and should be in the same price range as the hotel.
which side of town do you prefer?
Doesn't matter to me, what do you recommend?
I recommend travellers rest on the west side of town, would you like me to make reservations for you?
Sure. Can you book a reservation for the same group of people on the same day at 17:15? And give me the reference number please.
Your reservation is booked, and the reference number is I2WJ41ZB. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I'm going to need a taxi as well.
I need to know which two locations you are going between and your time of travel please. 
I need the taxi to get us from the hotel to the restaurant before the booked time please.
I need the time of travel, name of departure, name of arrival destination please. 
Well it's going to be from our hotel to Travelers Rest restaurant by 5:15.
How many people will be in the taxi?
Four people will be riding in the taxi.
A white honda will pick you up at Acorn Guest House and take you to Traveller's Rest so that you arrive by 05:15. The driver's phone number is 	07854671215
Thank you for your help, that is all.
You're welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.
How about Cafe Uno, in the centre of town, 32 Bridge Street City Centre
Sounds good. Could you book me a reservation for 8, Friday, at 16:15?
I'm sorry, I'm unable to book you a table at 16:15. Would you like to try another time?
Maybe 15:15 work work then. Could you try that?
Your booking was successful. You have a table reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is BVU9ETYF.
Great, thanks!  Can you also help me find a train departing norwich arriving by 11:45? 
Did you want that train for Friday?
Yes, I do. I'll be taking the train into Cambridge.
There are 6 trains leaving to Cambridge on Friday. We have one leaving at 10:16 and arriving by 11:35. Would that be okay?
That would be perfect! Please make a booking for 8 people.
I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is 4ITZ3ZMO and the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station.
Great! That is all I need today.
Thank you. Have a good day. 
I need a train to Cambridge. I am currently at Birmingham New Street.
Sure, when do you want to leave?
Tuesday, I'd like to arrive by 14:00, please.
Train TR4931 leaves Tuesday at 10:40 and arrives by 13:23 in Cambridge. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, I would like to book for 3 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 225.3 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8S88SBMF.
Great! Thanks so much! Can you also help me find a guesthouse?
Sure i will find you one and inform you as soon as possible
Hey looking for a train to go to Cambridge. Want one that will leave on Wednesday.
Okay, where will you be departing from?
I will depart from london kings.  I would like to leave after 17:00 on wednesday.
The TR6045 departing London Kings Cross for Cambridge on Saturday at 17:17 should work for you, would you like more information or to make a booking?
What's the price for that one?
The price for that ticket is 23.60 pounds. Would you like to make a booking?
Not at this time, can you tell me about places to go near the centre?
sure! there are 44 attractions in that area. what do you like to do?
It doesn't matter can you recommend one?
Broughton house gallery	is a nice museum in the centre of town
Can I get the address please?
the address is 98 king street	
Thanks, is there an entry fee for that?
No, it's free! Is there anything else you need?
No that's all thanks. 
your welcome, have a great day!
Hi there, can you help me find a good Chinese restaurant? I seriously need some egg rolls.
There are 17 Chinese restaurants. Are you looking for any particular area or price range?
I'd like it to be in the north, and expensive would be best.
I would recommend either Hakka or The Hotpot.  Would you like for me to book a reservation for one of these restaurants?
Lets try Hakka,can you book a table for 8 people at 16:30 on tuesday?
It is booked! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes and your reference number is VWDBTAYR.
Thank you! I'm looking for a place to stay in the moderate price range.
A and B guest house might fit your needs. Would you like me to book it? 
I'd actually like a hotel instead of guesthouse and in the centre of town.
i'd like to suggest to you cityroomz
I was just robbed and I want my stuff back
The phone number for the police is 01223358966, they are located in postcode CBV11JG. Best of luck to you.
Can you give me the exact address for the police?
The address of the police is Parkside, Cambridge.
Thank you for your help.
You are more than welcome! 
Find me a restaurant in the centre that serves corsica food
I'm sorry, we don't have anything matching that.  Is there something else I can help with?
how about just something that's really overpriced? i don't care if the food is good, just want to impress my boss
There are 33 restaurants fitting your parameters. What kind of cuisine would you like?
What about mediterranean food?
We have two: La Mimosa, and Shiraz Restaurant.
Let's book it for La Mimosa for 3 people at 17:30 on Thursday. 
Okay, your booking was successful. Your reference number is P886DG7V. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. 
Great. Thank you so much. I also need information on a train to London Liverpool street.
What day and time do you need to travel?
on friday and i need to get there by 10:45
I have train TR3892 that leaves at 07:59 and will get you to London Liverpool Street at 09:27. Will that work for you? 
Yes, I actually just needed the train number, so thank you.  
Can I help you with anything else today or can I book your train ticket for you?
No, that will be it.  I will book the train later.
Alright, have a great day!
Thanks.  You too.
Thank you  very much!
I need information to find the huntingdon marriott hotel.
What type of information do you need?
I need help finding huntingdon marriott hotel please. Could you book a room for me for 6 people on monday for 5 nights please?
Unfortunately, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like for me to find another hotel for you?
I suppose so. Another hotel in the same general price range, if you can.
You are booked at express by holiday inn cambridge. Reference number: FGSTOTPY. 
That was helpful! Thank you goodbye.
Do you need anything else?
I've been injured and I need to find a hospital.
What kind of injury do you have? I can direct you to a specialty hospital, or would you like me to send you the closest one?
I am looking for a hospital with a clinical research facility department. I need the phone number and postcode.
Addenbrookes Hospital has a clinical research facility. The phone number for the hospital is 01223245151. The postcode is CB20QQ. The phone number for the clinical research facility is 01223596055.
Ok, I think that is all I need.
Thank you,  good bye.
I need information about the hotel Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. 
It's a 2 star hotel located at 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park in the east part of town. Their phone number is 01223866800.
Please book it for 3 people for 3 nights starting Tuesday.
The booking was unsuccessful, can you book on another day or do a shorter stay? 
Can you try for just 2 nights instead? 
Sure, I've got you booked, and your reference number is HBF47JLH.
i am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum
I recommend cambridge artworks in the east.  It's free to go to.  Does that work?  
That sounds great.  Can I have the address please?
The address is 5 Greens Road in postcode cb13ef. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need to book a taxi between the two places.  
Ok perfect, will you be departing from the museum or the hotel?
From the museum to the hotel
Sure!  What is the time frame you were considering?
I want to leave the museum at 9:00. 
Ok a grey Tesla will pick you up. The contact number is 07778890580. Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you goodbye
My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
Yes I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge that is 3 stars and expensive.  Can you help me?
Gonville Hotel is in the centre of town and The Lensfield Hotel is in the south.
Do those both have 3 star ratings and are expensive?
Those both do yes.
Do they have free parking?
Yes, they both have free parking. Would you like to book one today?
Not today thanks. I'm also want to find a cinema in the west part of town.
There are no cinemas located in the west part of town. Would you like me to look for cinemas in another area or a different type of attraction in the west?
Are there any colleges in the West that I could visit instead?
Yes, three of them are free to visit and there are two that have an entrance fee of 2.50.
What is the one that is free? Can I get the phone number and postcode?
Churchill College is free. The phone number is 01223336233 and the postcode is cb30ds. Do you need any other information? 
No, that just about covers it.  Thanks!
You're welcome. Thanks for using our service!
Can you help me find a place to stay? 
Yes! What part of town would you like to stay in?
I would prefer to stay in the South please. 
There are 4 nice places to stay in that area, is there a price range you prefer? 
I've changed my mind and would prefer to stay in the center of town. I need parking, wifi, and it should have a 0 star rating.
There's one guesthouse, el shaddai, that fits your criteria. Do you need more information?
No, but I do need a reservation for Wednesday, 2 nights, for 3 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : LG6AFLVA.
Thanks. Could you also help me locate an expensive british restaurant?
The Cambridge Chop House sounds like it might be what you are looking for.
That sounds wonderful! Is it in the same area as the hotel?
Your hotel is in the south and the cambridge chop house is in the centre, is that okay?
Hmm, I really want to stay near the hotel. Do you have anything in the south instead?
In the south we do not have any expensive british restaurants. We do have chinese, indian, italian or mexican.
My hotel is in the centre, so the Cambridge Chop House will actually work. Can you make me a booking for 3 people on Wednesday?
Yes I can. What time would you like to eat?
I want to eat at 16:15. 
Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 1T0DI06Z. Can I help you with anything else?
Oh yeah, I'm going to need a ride to get around.
I have booked you a taxi to take from your hotel to The Cambridge Chop House.  Contact number	:	07124495603 
Thank you, what kind of car will be picking me up?
It will be a black Honda. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. That is all I need for today.
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye!
is there a nice night club in the west that you can recommend?
No I am sorry there isn't something else perhaps?
How about a college?
There are 5 colleges in the west. churchill college is located on storey's way and doesn't charge an entrance fee.
Great. That's all I need to know. Thank you.
Thank you goodbye
Hi, I need to book a taxi, please? I need to leave sometime after 10:30.
I would love to help you with that. Where would you like to be picked up, and where are you going?
I would like to be picked up at the cambridge belfy and go to the cambridge shop.
I'm sorry, are you going to the Cambridge chop house, or did you mean the cambridge shop?
The chop house.
I have you booked. A yellow lexus will pick you up at 10:30. The contact number is 07463778759. Will there be anything else?
I'm sorry, I need to leave after 10:30, could you change the reservation?
Yes, I have you arranged to be picked up by a black Honda at 10:45.
That's perfect. Thank you for all of your help.
Have a great time!
Hi, could you find me a train that leaves on Thursday from Bishops Stortford?
Sure. What is your destination?
I am headed to Cambridge. Also, I will be out late the night prior so please nothing before 10:00
There is a train leaving at 11:29. Would you like me to book that for you? 
No, not yet.  I just really need to know the travel time for now.
The travel time for that train is 38 minutes. The one that leaves at 11:29 will arrive by 12:07.
Thanks! I also need a place to stay with free parking and a 3 star rating.
There are 3 guesthouses and 2 hotels to choose from, peppered all around the city. Which do you prefer, and what area of town would you like to be in?
I would prefer a hotel in the centre of town please.
The Gonville Hotel meets all of your requirements. It's an expensive hotel (not a guesthouse) in the city centre. They offer free wifi and parking and have a 3-star rating.
Can you please provide the address of the Gonville Hotel?
Sure, the Gonville Hotel is located at gonville place, post code cb11ly.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, I think that should do it. Thanks a lot. Take care. Bye. 
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
I'm on the North side, please find me an expensive restaurant here
Would you prefer Chinese, French, or European cuisine?
I'm open.  What would you recommend?
I'd recommend The Hotspot. It's a Chinese restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, book me for 4 people at 13:15 on friday.
The booking was successful. The reference number is : 37DDZB4H.
Can you find me a train from Leicester to Cambridge on Saturday>
What time would you like to arrive by?
I just need to leave sometime after 16:30.
The TR7824 bus leaves at 17:09. Would you like to book this one?
I do need the price and arrival time first.
It arrives at 18:54 and is 30.24 pounds.
Thank you, that is all I need, you helped me a lot.
Great, have a terrific trip!
What restaurants in the centre are cheap?
I have 15 possible ones to choose from. Could I ask what type of food you are looking for?
Sure. I'd like modern eclectic food please.
Unfortunately, no results came from your search. Would you like to broaden it?
Ok, how about Indian food then?
I found three cheap indian places in the centre.  Would you like to book at the Gandhi?
Yes please.  Can I also get the phone number and the postcode of the Gandhi?
Sure no problem. The Gandhi phone number is: 01223353942 and the postcode is cb12as. Would you like me to book that for you?
I don't know, but I am also looking for a train from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.
I'm sorry, there seems to be an error in my system. Can you please restate your train requirements?
I am looking for a train to take me from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. I need the train to leave on Thursday and arrive by 20:45
Booking was successful, the total fee is 9.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : IS961RCU. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, please make sure the booking is for 3 people.
Great I have booked three people on that train. Your reference number is K6C628QH.
Thanks.  That's all I needed.
have a great day!
I need to find a train to Peterborough that leaves after 17:30.
Please be specific on your day of travel an your departure site.
I need to leave on Saturday from cambridge
There is a train leaving at 18:06 and arriving at 18:56, is that acceptable?
Yes, can you book that for 7 people and give me the reference number please?
Sure thing! Booking was successful with a total fee of 92.4 GBP, your reference number is STI1ROB6.  Can I help you with anything else?
I'll also be needing a restaurant. I would like it to be in the centre and cheap. 
There is a Asian  restaurant in that location, the dojo noodle bar,  their address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. 
Do you know if they serve Cantonese food?
It doesn't look like it. It shows Asian Oriental.
Are there any restaurants in that area that serve cantonese?
No there are not any restaurants in that area that serve cantonese.
What about one that serves Chinese food?
There's Charlie Chan. It serves Chinese food and is located in the centre. Is that good?
That sounds perfect. Can you book a table for the same group of people at 10:00 for the same day as the train?
I am sorry we could not book you for saturday at 10:00. Would you like to try another time?
Try 9:00 then for the same group of people at Charlie Chan please.  I will need the reference number.
Sorry no tables available. How about a different time or another day perhaps?
Is there another chinese restaurant we could try in the centre?
There are 2 other cheap Chinese places in the city centre: Rice House and Golden House. Would you like to try a reservation at one of these?
Yes, please. Try 10 or 9.
I successfully booked a table for 7 at the Rice House restaurant on Saturday at 9:00.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  The reference number is PURBIHT2.
Thank you that will be all
Sounds great. Have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the south part of Cambridge that's in a moderate price range.
I'm afraid there are no hotels that meet those requirements?  Is there anything that isn't important in your search?
I wouldn't mind a guest house as long as it includes free wifi.
Ok, great. The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is in the South, has a moderate price range, internet, and 4 stars. Would you like me to book you a room?
Actually, can you give me the address, phone number, and tell me if they have free parking?
Yes,I can do that.  They have free parking. Their address is 5 Mowbray Road, post code CB17SR. And their phone number is 01223240089. Anything else? 
I am also looking for a college to visit while I'm in town. 
Sure. There are no colleges in the south; is there a specific part of town you'd like to tour to visit one? 
I'd like to try the north. What do you suggest in that area? Please give me the address, phone number and entrance fees if any.  Thank you!
There are none in the north but there several in the centre and west areas.  Would these areas work for you?
No colleges at all? Yes, please tell me the nicest one you know of. 
emmanuel college is quite nice and entry is free. Would you like more information about it?
Can I have the phone number and address? 
Yes, I will work on getting that for you and be right back with you. 
Ok, thank you.
Ok, I have found the information on emmanuel college for you. the phone # is 01223334200, postal code is cb23ap and it is on saint andrew's st. in the centre.
Is there an entrance fee?
No, there is not an entrance fee to enter the building.  Can I assist with something else?
I'm going to Cambridge and interested in trying some restaurants. Can you recommend one that serves traditional food? 
can please provide more information to help us serve you better.
Just someting in the moderate price range is all I care about really.
My apologies.  There is nothing in the moderate price range that is traditional.  Would you like to try a different type of restaurant?
How about modern European food?
How does the riverside brasserie sound? It's at the Doubletree.
Sounds good can you make a booking for 7 people at 16:45 on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RB2JTPWC.  Can I help with anything else today?
I also need to get some information about The Cambridge Belfry hotel. Can you give me the price range and how many stars it has?
The hotel is on the west side and has 4 stars. It is a cheap hotel. Would you like to make a booking?
Not at this time, thank you.
Okay, I will go ahead and sign off. Let me know if you need any further assistance.
Hi, I need a guesthouse with free wifi please. 
I have 33 guesthouses with internet, which area would you prefer? 
I also need free parking, and I'd prefer a 4 star place.
You do have a few options, including the Alexander b&b which offers free WiFi as well as free parking. It is also inexpensive, and rated 4 stars.
Great.  Can you book that one for 4 nights checking in on Tuesday?  There will be 6 people.
OK, the booking was successful.  Your reference number is 5CB11JQ8.  Is there anythng else I can help you with today?
No that will be all. Thanks.
You are welcome.  Good bye.
Thank you for your help.
Any time. call us if you need anything else.
I had always wanted to go to Cambridge and say "I'm on a boat"  Can you tell me about attractions which are boat places to visit in Cambridge?
Sure, which part of town will you be in?
Any part of town is fine.
There are 4 boating attractions. Two are in the centre of town, one in the east, and one in the north. Would you like any additional information?
Yes. What are the entrance fees?
I'm sorry I don't have the entrance fees available to me. 
Do you have the phone number to any of these attractions?
The phone number for camboats is 01223902112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. Is there any train that is taking off on Monday? I want to arrive my destination by 20:30.
There are lots of trains. Would you like to specify a departure site or destination?
I need a train from cambridge to ely.
I can put you on the tr5137 it will get you there by 14:07, how many tickets please?
I only need 1 ticket.
Slight typo last time - it's train TR5167.  Everything else is correct, and I have made your booking. Reference number VT0HAARA. Is there anything else?
No. That's all thanks.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a great day. Goodbye. 
Hi there. I'm on a really tight budget but need to find me a cheap room to stay.
We have several cheap htels and guesthouses available. Do you have a particular location in mind?
Not really. It does need to be a hotel and parking isn't really an issue with us.
I have one in the cheap range, shall I book it?
Does it have a star of 0. That is very important to me?
Unfortunately, it's 4 stars.  Would you like to try a different hotel type?
What about one that is in the moderate price range?
I found 3 hotels, do you have a preference for the area of centre or north?
No area preference. Any of them are fine. Can you book one for me starting Thursday?
Yes, of course. For how many nights and how many people?
There will be three people and we need it for 3 nights. Can I get the reference number for that once it is booked?
I've booked you at the Ashley Hotel, and your reference number is 9ZKDNRMV.
i also want to book a taxi leaving the hotel by 20.15.get contact number and car type
Where will you be taking the taxi to?
I'm sorry I did not mention I am looking for an entertainment attraction in the South of town.
I can help you find something!  How about Nusha or Tenpin?  They are in the south and are entertainment facilities.
What type of entertainment are they?  Can you give me phone numbers, please?
They are parks. Phone number for Nusha is 01223902158 and for Tenpin is 08715501010.
I'd also like a taxi to go between the two, and I'd like to leave the hotel by 20:15 if possible.
I'm sorry, which park would you like to go to?
I think Tenpin should work nicely, thanks.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a red Lexus. If you need to reach them, please contact 07275581182. Anything else I can help with?
Wonderful! Nope, that's it. Thanks so much for all of your help!
You're welcome! Have a great day in Cambridge!
I've heard that the only trains out of Cambridge leave before 8:00. That's not really true, is it?
No, it certainly isn't.
Is there a train that departs from cambridge after 08:00 on Wednesday that goes to birmingham new street?
There is.  There is actually an 08:01 but that might be too close.  How about a 09:01? 
The 08:01 is fine actually. Can you book it for 6 people?
Sure thing, the reference number is D6UJRBDF
Thank you. I also need information about finches bed and breakfast.
Finches bed and breakfastis a guesthousein the west area.it is cheap and in the 4 star range.their number is 01223276653	and cb30nd. it is located in 144 thornton road.
I want to find Kettle's Yard located in Cambridge.
it is located in castle street and got free entrance. can i give you the contacts?
Yes I would like all the contact info please. 
Their number is 01223748100 .They are located on Castle Street and their postcode is  cb30aq
What is the entrance fee for Kettle's Yard? 
There is no entry fee.
I also need a place to stay that is a hotel and includes free parking and has a rating of 2.
What side of town would you like to be on?
The area doesn't matter. What would you recommend?
I have 3. The 2 in the north are moderate priced and the one in the east is expensive. Would you like me to book one for you?
Can you give me the phone numbers for them?
Okay, the number for Ashley Hotel is 01223350059. The number for Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is 01223866800, and the number for Lovell Lodge is 01223425478.
Okay thanks.  That was all I needed to know for now.
thank you and enjoy your stay!
I'm hoping you can help me find a restaurant.
sure, what kind of cuisine are you looking for?
I'd like Persian food.
I'm sorry I have no restaurants serving Persian food.
Okay how about chinese food?
There are a lot of chinese restaurants in town. Do you have a preference on area or price range?
Any type is fine can you just give me the postcode of it?
Rice House is in the center, is cheap, and post code is cb12bd.  
i am also looking for a train. The train should leave on sunday and should go to bishops stortford. The train should depart from cambridge and should arrive by 17:30.
Okay the TR3600 leaves at 15:26 and arrives by 16:07. 
That's perfect. Can you book for 4 people please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 32.32 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4YOCRING.
Thank you. That is all the information I need.
Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
No thank you that will be all
Thanks for using our services, have a lovely day.
Can you help me find a train leaving on sunday after 12:00.
I'd be happy to help you find something. Can you tell me where you will be departing from?
I am leaving from peterborough going to cambridge
Train number TR9345 leaves Peterborough at 12:19 and arrives in Cambridge around 13:09. Would you like a ticket for this train?
i want tickets for 3 people and give me reference number.
Your reference number is : OYYUXXUM. Can I help with anything else?
im also looking for a place to go in town
We have many fantastic attractions! Would you like to narrow it down by area or type?
I don't care where- just a museum.
cambridge artworks would suit your needs. Can I get you more info on it?
Yes can I get the info please?
It is located at 5 Greens Road in the centre area of town.  The phone number is 01223902168.  The admission is free. 
Thank you and what is the postcode?
Cambridge Artworks is in postcode cb13ef. Do you need anything else?
No thats all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you give me the address to a museum in Cambridge?
Are you looking for one in a particular area?
Yes, I'm looking for the Vue Cinema.  Can you please tell me the attraction type, area, and address?
Sure, it's a cinema. I don't have access to their entrance fee, but their phone number is 08712240240. Their address is the grafton centre, east road, cb11ps. Will that be all?
I also need information regarding a hotel called Worth  House.
No problem; also, Vue is located in the city centre. Worth House is a cheaply priced guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating. They provide free Internet and parking.
Thank you.  Please book the hotel for 7 people and 2 nights starting from thursday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : BCJGU3WZ. You're all set! Is there anything else I can do for you today? 
Oh yes, I need a taxi from the hotel to get to the cinema.Can you book me one?
What time would you like to arrive at the Cinema?
I want to leave the hotel by 3:30.
Your taxi reservation departing from worth house to vue cinema at 15:30 was successful. The booked car type is a white bmw and the contact number is 07453314700
Just to be clear, did you want that taxi ride in the wee hours of the morning or in the afternoon?  It is booked for the afternoon.
Yes, it is booked in the afternoon. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all for now. Thank you for you help. Goodbye
I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on a hotel, the carolina bed and breakfast.
Its a moderately priced four start hotel with internet. Do you need any more info?
Can you book it for me?
Yes. When would you like me to book it for and how many people?
I would like to book it for 2 nights starting Tuesday for 5 people
Your booking was successful and reference number is H14BC8TI. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yeah, I need a train to get to Cambridge by 13:45.
Okay what day would you like to travel and where are you departing from?
I want the train same day as the hotel. Leaving Broxbourne. 
There is a train traveling to cambridge from broxborne that will arrive by 13:32. Do you want that instead? Train ID is TR9688.
I have just been robbed and i am looking for assistance.
Would you like the phone number for the Parkside Police Station, or are you in a different area?
Yes.  Please give me the number for the Parkside police station so I can report the robbery.
The number you're looking for is 01223358966.
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
I'm sorry to hear about your situation. Good luck. Goodbye.
Please recommend me a cheap restaurant in the north .
Da Vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes.
they are located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton
What is their postcode?
the postcode is CB41JY is there anything else I can help you with?
no, thank you good bye 
Thank you.
I am looking for a college in the west.
There are five colleges in the west. Three are free, the other two have entrance fees of 2.50 pounds. Do the entrance fees affect your plans at all?
No, suggest one and let me know the fee and phone number.
Churchill College is located on Storey's Way. There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223336233.
Thanks.  Can you also help me find a train leaving from Cambridge?
And what is your destination and day of travel please?
I want to get to Bishop Stafford on Tuesday. 
What time of day would you like to leave?  I have a number of trains that may work for you.  
I would like to leave after 17:45. 
I have train TR5928 available that departs at 19:29 and arrives at 20:07. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
No. I just need to know the price.
The price is 10.10 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
how long will it take?
The travel time is 38 minutes.
Thank you. That is all for today.
you are welcome. it was good working with you.
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing local tourist attractions, any suggestions for me?
There are several attractions in Cambridge. What type of attractions are you interested in?
Actually, let's find some lodging accommodations first. I'd like something moderately priced with a 4-star rating. Oh, and I'll have my laptop with me so I'd like wifi to be included.
There are 11 guest houses available. Is there is certain area of the city you prefer?
Any area is fine, can you book one for 7 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday?
I'm sorry, apparently none of our guesthouses can accommodate 7 people for 2 nights on Wednesday. Would you like to try a different day or stay period? 
Hmm. I suppose we could leave a little sooner. Are there any that can accommodate us for one night?
I was able to book you A and B guesthouse for 1 night, reference number is EQG0KVRJ
Great! Thank you! I'm also looking for places to go in town.
We're fortunate, Cambridge has many attractions. What did you have in mind?
I would like to visit a park. Can you tell me about any parks in the city?
Wandlebury Country Park is in the south of town, would you like to know more?
Thank you, that's all I need for now.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Hi, I am hoping to find a 4 star hotel room.  Can you recommend one for me?
Yes, what area would you like to stay in?
Don't care. but I'd like a place that's Moderately priced and offers free WiFi.
There is the Acorn guesthouse in the moderate price range and 4  stars. It also has free wifi and parking.
Great, let's book that one. Please send me the address, postcode and reference number. 
How many people would you like it booked for and for what days please?
5 people starting on Sunday.
How many days do you plan on staying?
5 nights, please.
It's booked and your reference number is LFE8G8CE. The address is 154 chesterton road and postcode is cb41da. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes I also need a train that leavers after 12:00 going to ely. 
Where will you be departing from?
East London. Thanks
There is no train leaving 12:00, but train TR5484 leave 13:50 do you want to adjust your time?
Sure. Please book five tickets for me and reply with the reference number. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : BUBQRD4R.
That is all I need, good bye. 
Enjoy your visit.  Please give us a call if you need further assistance.
i want to go to a park
Sure, there are a few.  What part of town do you prefer?
anywhere is fine. May I get a postcode ?
There are 5 different parks. Postcodes are CB21JF, CB18DW, CB46AZ, CB22AD, and CB223AE.
I'm also looking for a hotel to stay in. I need to make sure it's a hotel and not a guesthouse, with a star of 4. 
I have three 4 star hotels. what are or price range do you prefer?
The price doesn't matter.  I do want it to be in the north area of town though.
I'm sorry, I don't have any 4 star hotels in the north. Would another area be ok, or should I check other star rating options?
Are there any 4 star guesthouses in the north available?
No, I'm afraid there aren't.
Could you look for something that isn't a guesthouse then? 
There are no hotels that meet your requirements.
I guess I will take the guest house.
Okay, Do I need to book that for you?
Yes, please, for 6 people, for 4 nights, starting Wednesday.
I'm sorry, but I'm afraid we'll need to try different criteria. Would you be willing to change what part of town you stay in, or the star rating you need?
But I said I would take the guesthouse. 
I'm so sorry about that.  You are booked at the Acorn Guest Lodge.  Reference number is : R68P0A12.
i aslo want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
I'm sorry, but I don't think we determined which park you wanted to visit. Where will you be departing from?
the hotel by 14:45.
I'm sorry but there are no parks in the area of your hotel.
I need a place to eat that serves sea food. 
I have only one option that is in the expensive price range and in the center of town. It is called Loch Fyne. Would that interest you?
That works. Then I'd to book for seven people  at 11:00 on friday
Sounds Great! I will contact them about booking a reservation for seven people at 11:00 on Friday
Ok, could I get the reference number for that reservation please?
I'm very sorry there seems to be an error in our system.  There are no results for a seafood restaurant. Is there another type of cuisine you'd like?
Could you try the same requirement for Wednesday?
I was able to book you for a table for 7 on Wednesday at 11:00. The reference number is XBG9YHTB.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I also need a train to London Kings Cross, on Thursday. 
The TR8272 to London Kings Cross on Thursday leaves at 05:00 and arrives and 05:51.  The price is 23.60 pounds.  Is that a good train for you?
As long as it is departing from Cambridge and arriving before 14:00, I am good with that train.  I am needing to book for 7 people please.  
I have you booked for 7 on TR8272. Your total fee is 165.2, payable at the station and your reference number is TMUT96XE. Can I further assist you?
no that's all thanks!
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I am organizing my trip to cambridge and need a place to stay in the east in the cheap price range. 
I have 3 cheap hotels in the east for you to choose from. There are all good Hotels with free internet and parking though allenbell is closest to cambridge.
I would prefer a hotel with 4 stars. Does Allenbell fit the bill?
Yes it does would you like me to make a booking?
No but I'd like to know where it's exactly located.
Allenbell is located at 517a coldham lane with a postcode of cb13js.
I also need a train going to stevenage.
Okay! What day would you like to travel? I'm presuming you're coming from Cambridge?
I would like to travel on Thursday leaving from Cambridge.
I have 10 trains that will be leaving Cambridge going to Stevenage on Thursday. What time would you like to leave or arrive?
The train should arrive by 19:30 the latest.
The closest to 19:30 without being after is TR 4765, they arrive at 18:10, does that work for you?
That will give me time to find my way, in case I get lost, so that's fine. I'll need you to book 6 tickets, please.
Your total is 76.80 GBP, which you can pay at the station. Your Reference number is : 708IJWEK.
Thank you so much, that's all I need.
You're very welcome! Bye now!
i am looking for a hotel in Cambridge called the cambridge belfry
That hotel is in the West and listed as cheap, but still has 4-stars. They provide free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes,could you please book me a room on tuesday for 5 people and for 4 nights. 
Booking was successful. Reference number: MCITLHI8.
Great! I also need information on multiple sports in the centre. 
There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre. Should we try another area?
How about a museum?
how about broughton house gallery? it's free of charge.
That sounds great. Can you please give me the phone number?
Sure. Their phone number is 01223314960.
I would also like a taxi to commute and I would like it 17:45 please and the contact number and the car type, thank you
Okay, where do you want the taxi to pick you up and where will you be going?
I need the taxi to pick me up at the hotel by 17:45. 
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking out for a White Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07698582191. Anything else for today?
Great! That's it! Thank you!
Thank you and have a good day!
I am looking for a place to stay that is in the expensive price range and has free parking. 
I have 5 hotels that meet what you are looking for. Can you tell me what area you would like to stay in so I can make a recommendation?
I would like a guesthouse in the south in the expensive price range.
There is only a hotel in the south in that price range. Would you like to try another area?
Is there one in the cheap price range?
I found one, Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, in the cheap price range. Would you like to book a room?
Can I have the address? Also do they offer internet?
The address is 53 roseford road cv22ha, and it does indeed offer free internet. Would you like me to book?
No thank you. I am also looking for a train though going from Cambridge to Kings Lynn.
What day and time are you wanting to travel?
I'm leaving on Thursday, but to clarify, I want to DEPART from Kings Lynn and ARRIVE in Cambridge.
133 trains will be departing Kings Lynn and arriving in Cambridge. Can you tell me which day and time you would like to travel to narrow down the results.
I will be travelling on Thursday, and I'd like to arrive by 21:30.
The TR2788 train leaves at 05:11 and arrives by 05:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
How much does it cost?
Tickets for that train are 9.80 pounds each.  Should I book it?
Yes, please book that for me.
I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is ZPN560FR.
Thank you very much for helping me today!
It was my pleasure. Feel free to call us anytime. Have a good day. 
I am looking for a good attraction in the centre.
Ok, the broughton house gallery is in the centre and admission is free.
What type of attraction is the Broughton House gallery and may i have the address?
It is a museum and the address is 98 king street.
Thanks.  I'm also looking for a train for Saturday.  Can you assist me with that? 
Yes, I can. Could you give me more information, such as, where you will departing from and the approximate time?
I will be going from cambridge to stansted. I need to arrive by 9:30. Thaks
The TR5580 train arrives t stansted airport by 9:08. Would you like to purchase some tickets or get more information?
Can I get the travel time and price please? 
Sure. It takes approximately 28 minutes and costs 8.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. That is all that I need.
Ok! Have a great day!
l am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve gastropub food and should be in the center.
Alright, we have three restaurants available. Did you want it to be expensive or moderately priced?
It is a special occasion so I am hoping for an expensive place.
Okay, there's the backstreet bistro and the slug and lettuce. I recommend backstreet bistro. 
What is the address and post code for the one you say is best?
Backstreet bistro is located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre, cb12qa
Thanks so much, I don't need anything more today
You are very welcome, thank you as well. Have a great day, and let me know if you need any more assistance. 
I need to find entertainment in the centre. 
There are currently no entertainment locations in the centre of town.
Hm. Okay. well how about a boat attraction?
I'd recommend scudamores punting co on granta place, mill lane, cb21rs. Their phone number is 01223359750. Will that be all?
No, I think that will be it. Cheers. 
Enjoy your boat ride, Thank you and have a great day!
I will. After the boat ride I'll need a place to put my head down so please find me a moderately priced hotel
There are 18 hotels that fall withing that range, any other preferences to narrow the search?
Someplace on the north side of town, please.
Any other preferences to narrow the search?
Actually, whatever you have would be great. I'm not picky. But I will need to reserve a room for Sunday. 
I would suggest Acorn Guest House, it is rated 4 starts and has free parking and internet. How many people will be staying in the room?
i need a hotel, not a guesthouse
Okay, I found the Ashley Hotel rated 4 stars and the Lovell Lodge rated 2 stars. Both are priced moderate and both have wifi and parking. Which do you prefer? 
Ashley Hotel please. I need a booking for six people, for 3 nights, starting sunday.
Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is MT3IXJAR. Do you need anything else?
No. That will be all thank you.
Great, feel free to contact us if you need assistance with anything else. Have a great day! 
Hi, I am looking for a Venetian restaurant please. 
Unfortunately, no venetian restaurants are available. Do you have a preference for another type of food? 
What other restaurants are there in the centre area that serve expensive food?
We've got 33 different restaurants, everything from African, to British, Chinese, Indian, all the way to Turkish. 
Ok, how about something Indian?
There are 6 Indian restaurants in the area. Are you looking for one nearby, or maybe a specific dish, like curry?
Of the 6, what is your restaurant recommendation for good curry?
The Curry Garden is known for the great curry cuisine. Would you like me too book it for you?
Yes, can I get the address, postcode, and phone number?
It's located at 106 Regent Street City Centre.  The postcode is cb21dp and the phone number is 01223302330. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am actually looking for a place to go that is entertaining. 
I have 5 great entertainment venues around town. Do you have a preference on area? I have options in the east, south and west. 
I don't care about the area, but can you find something that is free?
Unfortunately with the way prices fluctuate sometimes our systems can not find the current entrance fee for places. Can I give you any other information?
No, that should be all, thanks.
Have a nice day then.
I need a taxi today. I'll want to leave after 05:30
I would be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know where you'll need picked up from.
Oh I'm sorry, I need to be picked up at the lensfield hotel, heading to don pasquale pizzeria.
I booked your car for you. They will be driving a white Toyota and their contact number is 07910293411.
Great, thanks for your help!
You're welcome. Have fun!
I'm wanting a train that leaves on Friday and goes to Cambridge. 
Sure thing. What's your departure site and around what time would you like to leave?
I  want to leave after 16:45, depart from Birmingham New Street. 
The first train will leave at 17:40 and arrive at 20:23.  Does that sound good? 
This time works fine for me.
You train has been booked, and the reference number is ZETNNFN0. You will owe 75.09 GBP when you arrive. 
thanks, i'm also looking for some museums.
We have lots of wonderful museums.  Is there a particular area of the town you would like to find one in?
Yes, do you have any in the centre?
There's 11 museums in the centre is there a type of museum you'd like to visit? 
Anyone of those would work. Could you recommend something for me? I'll need the phone number, and address as well.
The broughton house gallery is very nice and the phone number is 01223314960 and the address is 98 king street.
What area is it in?
It is in the centre. 
I am needed to find a cheap place to dine that serves Indian food.
There are 4 restaurants that meet your needs - 3 in the center of town and 1 in the north. Are you interested in any of these?
I am interested in the one in the north.
That would be Royal Spice then. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please for 19:00 on Saturday.
For how many people is this booking?
Book a table for 1 person please.
I have confirmed your reservation at royal spice for one on Saturday at 19:00.  Your reference number is 3RFA2T98.  Can I help you with anything else? 
I am looking for a place to stay. 
There are many hotels in the area, did you have a price range or area you wanted to stay in? 
I am looking for an expensive hotel with free parking in the north part of town that is a guesthouse.
I was not able to find any hotels that met those requirements. 
How about a guesthouse that is in the cheap price range?
May I suggest the Worth House? It's a 4-star guesthouse located in the north. Alternately, the City Centre North B and B is a 0 star-option. Do you have a preference?
Worth house sounds much nicer. That is cheap correct? If so could you please try and book it for me for 3 nights? Same day and people.
You are booked for Worth House for 3 days starting on Saturday.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the reference number
Your reference number for the Worth House room is RA8UPYY3. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for your help.
Alright, no problem. Have a nice day!
I need to find the nearest police station.
Parkside Police Station in Parkside, Cambridge, postcode: CB11JG, telephone number 01223358966.  Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
Ok, let us know if you need anything else, thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for a park in the centre of town to visit.
Cambridge university botanic gardens is a wonderful park located on bateman street. Entrance fee is 4 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That sounds great, can I get its address and phone number?
The park is located at Bateman Street and the phone number is 01223336265. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all. Thanks!
You are welcome.  Bye.
Can you find me a Turkish restaurant in the expensive price range please?
I have found the Meze Bar Restaurant located in centre area. Can I book this for you?
No. That's okay. Thank you. What is some other information on this location?
They are located in the centre of town, their postcode is cb13nf, and they are located at 196 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you for that information I should have everything I need now.
Are you sure I can't help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a train from Birmingham New Street to Cambridge.
There are 133 trains, do you have a day and time you would like to travel?
Sure, wednesday I would like to leave after 14:45 please.
I have 9 trains that leave every hour and the first one is at 15:40.  Would you like me to book you the 15:40 train?
Yes but can you make a booking for 6 people? I would like a reference number too.
Booking was successful for TR5567, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station. The reference number is 4ARZYTLC. Is there anything else you need help with?
Nope that should be it thank you
Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4ARZYTLC.
I need to find a hospital here in town.
I have the Addenbrookes Hospital on Hills Road in Cambridge. Does that work?
it does may I please have the postcode and phone number?
Of course! The postcode is CB20QQ and you can reach the main hospital at 01223245151. Was there a specific department you were looking for?
No, thanks, just the general info is fine.
The postcode is CB20QQ and you can reach the main hospital at 01223245151.  Do you need anything else?
Thank you that is all I needed.
You're welcome. Please call us again if you have further needs. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a good place for entertainment in the centre. Any recommendations?
Unfortunately there are no places in the centre. Would you like to try another area?
Lets drop entertainment and look up one for the type of college.
There are 13 colleges in the centre. Do you have one in mind?
Any one would be fine, can I just get the address, phone number and postcode?
Christ's college, in the centre of town. Number is 01223334900. Address is post code, cb23bu, Saint Andrew's street. No fee to enter. Do you need anything else?
Find a train that departs from cambridge, leaving on thursday, please.
Sure, where are you going to?
I'm going to leicester and need to leave after 21:00.
There are three trains that leave Cambridge after 21:00, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes please book the train for me, and I will need the travel time as well.  Thank you for your help. 
TR3470 leaves at 21:21 and arrives by 23:06, duration is 105 minutes. I will book it for you if you will tell me how many tickets you need.
No, that is ok. I appreciate all your help.
I hope you got all the information you need. Have a nice day. Good-Bye.
I'm looking for a place to stay, in the north, that offers free parking.
We have 11 different options, any other features that you are looking for?
I'd prefer a guesthouse instead of a hotel, if possible.
Did you have a particular price range in mind?  
no, but i want free parking.
Acorn guest house is a guesthouse in the north, moderately priced and 4 stars. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, please. Can you book a room for Thursday for 5 people, 4 nights?
Absolutely, your Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9AN6IOSF.
Perfect. I'm also looking for a moderately priced swedish restaurant.
I'm sorry there are no matching results. 
Can you find a restaurant in the north?
There is a Chinese restaurant and an Indian restaurant in the north. Both are moderate priced which do you prefer?
The indian place could work. 
Ok great and how many people will the table be for?
There will be 5 of us for Thursday. 
Sure, what time would you like the reservation for? 
I would like reservations at 13:15.
I reserved a table at the nirala, your reference # is 6KLPX1T4, anything else?
i also need a taxi to commute between the two places
I booked you a taxi! It's a Red BMW and the contact number is: 07337581816. 
What is the cheapest taxi service in Cambridge?
I would need more info, where would you need a taxi to and from?
I am looking for a train.
Okay, where will you be heading to?
I am leaving broxbourne to go to cambridge on sunday.
And what time of day do you want to travel?
I will be travelling at 12:30 PM
TR0862 will leave at 12.32
I would like to leave on Sunday.
TR0862 will leave at 12.32 on Sunday. Do you want me to book this train for you?
I don't want to book yet, but please tell me the arrival time for that one
The arrival time is 13:32.
Thanks very much. Goodbye
Did you need any further help?
Thank you. I just happen to be looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be located west and it doesn't need to have free parking or anything like that.
I have 33 hotels that  match your requirements. Do you have a price range in mind?
I definitely prefer something on the cheap side of things.
Both Finches Bed and Breakfast and The Cambridge Belfry might suit you, they're cheap but rated 4 stars. Would you like to book at one of them?
Sure but can I think I want one with free parking. 
They both have free parking,would you like a guesthouse or hotel? 
I would like a five star hotel with free parking and breakfast.
I can book you at the cambridge belfry hotel. It has 4 stars on the west side and is cheap. Would that be good?
Yes thats fine. I need it for 4 nights starting monday. There will be 5 of us.
I'm sorry I was unable to book that hotel. May I try another one in the same price range for you?
Yes please do that.
There is the Finches Bed and Breakfast would keep you on the same side of town but it is a guesthouse. Will this work for you?
Yep. I think that will work. Please book it. I need a reference number.
The finches bed and breakfast was available.  4 nights starting from Monday for 5 people. Your reference number is  6VBU1SFI. Would that work for you?
Yes. Thanks so much. That is great.
Thank you for using our service today.
I'm looking to go to a theatre in town. Can you help me find one?
Is there a location preference? Center, or south? 
No preference. Where would you recommend?
I would recommend the Cambridge Arts Theatre.  It is in the city Centre. 
Can I get the phone number,area and postcode please?
They are in the centre, 6 saint Edward's Passage. Postcode, cb23pj. Phone is 01223503333. Anything else?
I am also looking for a train on Monday headed to Bisheops Stortford.
The earliest train departing Cambridge for Bishops Stortford is at 15:29. Is this acceptable or would you like a later train?
I would like to leave after 11:00. Do you have a departure at that time or close to it? Please provide the train ID.
I have an 11:29 with train TR928 does that work for you?
I think that is all I need. Thank you. 
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for a Lebanese restaurant in any area. Could you please provide me with a phone number and postcode? I'm very hungry and need food!!
Ali baba is a lebanese restaurant in the centre of town. Their phone number is 01462 432565 and the postcode is C.B 2, 1 N.T 
Thank you, goodbye!
You're welcome!
thank you goodbye
Thank you, goodbye. 
Can I have the contact information for the Fitzbillies Restaurant.
Contact information for Fitzbillies Resaurant is telephone number 01223352500
thank you get for that. i will give them a call.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, thanks, I am also looking for a train. I'd like to leave on monday, heading to cambridge.
There are over 202 trains that arrive in cambridge on monday. Might I help find the best train by asking where you wish to depart from?
I would like to depart from ely.
There are 10 trains going to Cambridge from Ely on Monday.  Is there a certain time you would like to depart by?
Yes, I'd like to depart any time after 21:45. Do any trains fit that time frame? If so, could I have the train ID, travel time, and when it will arrive?
There is one train leaving after 21:45 on monday. It is TR4724, leaving at 23:52 for a duration of 17 minutes, arriving at 23:52.
What would the price be for that train?
Correction I apologize TR4724 leaves at 23:35 and arrives by 23:52. It's price is 4.40 pounds by the way. Let's find one leaving after 21:45. 
Train TR4724 is fine. What is the travel time?
The travel time is 17 minutes. Will that be okay?
So TR4724 leaves at 23:35 and arrives at 23:52 correct? If so that would be fine.
That is correct. How many tickets will you need?
I can go ahead and book on my own, thanks. Thank you for the info. That was all I needed for today. 
You're welcome. Good-bye.
Hi.  I'm trying to find a good restaurant in the south part of town.
There are several good restaurants in the south part of town. Do you have a preference for the type of food or price range? 
Yes, I'd like a restaurant that serves portuguese food. 
nandos is the only restaurant i can find in the south that serves portuguese. 
Nandos sounds great. Thank you.
thank you good bye 
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
I need train reservations from Cambridge to stevenage
I have located several trains departing Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage. To help narrow the search, do you have a particular day and time you want to leave?
Yes, I need to leave on Monday and arrive in Stevenage by 16:30 please.
TR2045 will arrive by 16:10 in stevenage, would you like to book a ticket? 
Yes, please make a booking for 7 people.
Your booking was successful! The total fee will be 89.6 GBP and it is payable at the station. The reference number is 60H70LQF.
Can you also recommend a park for me to visit?
I can.  I would personally recommend milton country park. It's free to visit and located in the north.
That sounds great, what is the entrance fee?
It is free!  Would you like the address or number?
Holy Moly! No, thanks, that's everything I needed today. 
So glad we could help. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!
I'd like to check out an attraction on the east side.
There are 10 attractions in the east. Does a boat interest you? 
Yeah, a boat sounds good.  Can you get me the phone number and postcode for one?
I would recommend Camboats. They are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton. Their phone number is 01223902112. Their postcode is cb58sx. 
Great. By any chance is that near a place called Hamilton Lodge? Someone recommended it to me but I don't know much about it.
Hamilton lodge is at 156 chesterton road
Could you give me their phone number and postcode? And is that a guesthouse?
Yes it is a guesthouse. The number is 01223365664 and the postcode is cb41da. Can I help with anything else
No, you've been a great help!  Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi, I need a guest house please. 
Do you have a specific location you want to be?
No, but I need free wifi and I would like a 2 star guesthouse please.
There isn't a guesthouse with 2 stars and free internet available. Is there another type of hotel I can look up for you?
Yes, how about a guesthouse with 3 stars and free wifi instead?
I have 3 guesthouses all in the moderate price range. Would you like me to choose one for you?
I'm sorry.  I changed my mind.  I don't want a guesthouse. Are there any hotels with 2 stars?
Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
No, just any 2-star hotel with free wifi will do.
I found 3 for you all in the expensive price range. Can you please give me the details so that I may book it for you?
I would like it for 6 people for 2 nights starting on Wednesday. 
I have you booked in the Ashley hotel. Your reference number is CW6YMT0B. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you.
Great Glad I could be of help to you.
Can you let me now what guesthouses in the area have free parking?
What price range and in what area?
I have no specific area but I would like it to be cheap.
There are nine cheap guesthouses with free parking. Would you be interested in one of the 4-star properties?
Do any have free wifi?
Yes, you have your pick of several properties around town. Can I recommend autumn house? It's a 4-star guesthouse in the east on 710 newmarket rd.
May I please have their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223575122. 
Thanks. I am also looking for a particular restaurant, Restaurant One Seven. Can you find the address for me?
They are a British place with a moderate price in the centre area, best beef wellington in cambridge, interested in more information?
Can I get the address on that one?
Their address is De Vere University Arms Regent Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thank you, that's all the information I need right now.
OK, thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north side.
There are many guesthouses and hotels on the north side. Do you have any preferences?
I would like for the place to be 0 stars but has to include free wifi and free parking.
I found the City Centre North B and B.  Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes. I want to book it for 8 people, starting Sunday, for 3 nights.
Okay, your all set. The reference number is  0IS0GU49. Can I do anything else for you?
That's all, thank you.
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves european food.
There are several that suit your needs. Any preferences on price range?
Moderate price range, please.
The 4 matching restaurants are "hotel du vin and bistro," "galleria," "de luca cucina and bar," and "riverside brasserie."
Perfect! Can you please book a table for 3 people at Galleria for me on Monday at 16:30?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or time slot? Or perhaps another of the restaurant choices for the same booking information?
Let's try for 15:30 and can I get a reference number please?
Ok. That worked. It is booked and your reference number is QBVP0ZV2.
Great! I also need a guesthouse with free wifi. Something moderately priced, and I don't care about parking.
There are fourteen different options for your guesthouse. Is there a specific area you would like to be in? How about the star rating?
I don't have any preference. Could you just pick something and book 5 nights for 3 people beginning on Monday?
Let's go with acorn guest house. Unfortunately, that booking was unsuccessful. Want me to try something else?
Instead of 3 nights how about two nights?
There seems to be an error. Can you please restate your preferred number of nights, the day you'll arrive, and the number in your party?
Certainly. Two nights, three people, and I'll need that room starting Monday.
Great! Your booking was successful. The reference number is TWU9EM7U. Do you need help with anything else?
I don't. Thanks so much.
You're welcome!  You have a great day!
I'd really like to take my client out to a nice restaurant that serves indian food.
I show many restaurants that serve Indian food in that price range. What area would you like to travel to?
I am looking for an expensive indian restaurant in the area of centre.
Might I recommend Saffron Brasserie? That is an expensive Indian restaurant in the center of town. I can book a table for you, if you like.
Sure thing, please book for 6 people at 19:30 on Saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : RF00JUFQ.
Okay great! Thank you so much. Could you also help me find a 3 star hotel in the area. I don't need wifi either.
The alpha-milton guest house is in the north and is moderately priced. It has 3 stars and no internet or parking. Would you like to book a room?
That sounds great. Please book that now.
May I ask how many people are in your group?
I have 6 people in my group. 
How many days would you like to stay?
2 nights, starting the same day as the reservation.
I'm sorry. It looks like they're full. Would you like me to look for something else?
Yes please. Is there something else available in that area? 
I'm sorry, it looks like that is the only 3 star hotel in that area, would you like me to look somewhere else?
Can we try for 1 night instead of 2? I'll need the reference number please.
I was able to get one night, the reference number is 9XVT8M5T.
Thank you so much!
I'm glad to help, you're welcome!
Yes, I am looking for information on All Saints Church.  Can you help me?
Yes. All Saints Church is on Jesus Lane in the centre of town. It's free to get it. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
That is all I needed, thank you for your help!
I was happy to help. Thanks for using our service. Good day sir. 
Thanks. Goodbye. 
You are welcome. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Actually, could you help me find a place to eat? I'm looking for something expensive near All Saints.
There are 33 restaurants that fit your request. Do you have any particular food type in mind?
No I don't really care. Anything is fine.
In that case I would recommend bedouin, which is an exotic African place in town. Do you want me to book it for you ?
No that's fine. I just need their address, phone number, and postcode.
Sure thing. It is located at 100 Mill Road City Centre, cb12bd, and their phone number is 01223367660.
Thank you very much that's all i need.
Have a nice stay!
I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find one?
What area of town would you prefer? 
I would like to stay in the north. Wi-fi and at least four star reviews are also important.
That narrowed it down a bit. Do you have a preference on the price range? or the type of accommodation?
Not really, no. Can you give me the phone number for your favorite place?
Acorn guest house , the phone number is 01223353888.
Thanks, I also need to train form broxbourne to cambridge on sunday.
What time would you like to depart?
Depart does not matter but I need it to arrive by 12:45. 
I have train TR6774 that leaves at 10:32 and arrives in Cambridge by 11:32. Will that work for you? 
Sounds like it.  What is that travel time exactly?
60 minutes is the length of the train ride
Thanks. That's all I need. Good-bye.
Thanks and enjoy !
Can you find a restaurant called Rajmahal.
Sure.  It's an Indian place in the east area of town.  What would you like to know about it? 
That's all I need to know. Can you reserve me a table for 3 Saturday at 18:00? 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1XCDMW6O.
Great, thanks. I'm also interested in attending a theatre on the west side.
I'm afraid there aren't any theatres on the west side. most of our theatres are in the city centre. is there something else I can look up for you?
What entertainment choices are in the west?
sorry, i couldn't find anything in the west.
Ok are there any attractions in the west you recommend? I need a phone number for whatever you chose. 
There are several museums in the area.  Would that interest you?
Yes, I love museums.
What side of town would you like to be on?
In the west if there are any there? 
How about the Kettle's Yard, there phone # is 01223748100 and they are on Castle Street. Admission is free too. Does this work?
Yes I also need a taxi to arrive there by 18:00 from the theater.
 Booking completed! Booked car type	:	red ford Contact number	:	07059574947
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!
I'll be here any time. 
Hello, are you familiar with Warkworth House?
Yes. They are located in the east on warkworth terrace. Is there any other information you need?
Can you book it for me? Wednesday, 5 nights, 6 people. Reference number please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5WQ37WUN.
Can you find a train that  departs from cambridge after 15:30?
What day would you like to travel and whats your destination?
I am leaving on monday and going to Leicester.
The TR6067 leaves at 16:21, will that work for you?
Yes, thank you. That's all for me. Bye!
You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
I need to book a taxi to pick me up at Funky Fun House to go to Huntingdon Marriott Hotel. 
What time would you like to leave?
I prefer to leave after 09:15
Booking is complete, a black ford will be picking you up.  The contact number is 07635853272. Thank You! .
Great, thanks for your help!
I can also recommend restaurants and book trains. Are you interested?
Not at this time. Thanks, though. Good bye.
It was a pleasure to help you. Don't hesitate to contact the TownInfo centre again.  Goodbye.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to go in the west. Are there any museums there?
Yes, the Museum of Classical Archaeology is in the west on Sidgwick Avenue. It offers free entry.
Ok great!  Can you tell me the postcode please?
Absolutely. Their postcode is cb39da. Is there anything else I can do for you today? 
Can I get a train leaving from steveage on friday?
That won't be a problem. What is your destination and what time would you like to arrive there?
I want to go to Cambridge and arrive by 16:30.
The train that arrives closet to your arrival time is TR7785 which arrives at 14:43. Does that work for you?
Yes please book it for me and a reference number 
Certainly.  First, can you confirm how many seats you will be needing for this trip?
Just 1 seat please.
Ok, I've booked you 1 seat on TR7785.  Your reference number is XC5XLDT7.  Your total is 12.8 GBP payable at the station.  Anything else I can do?
No, that's everything. Thank you for your help.
Your welcome, have a nice day.
I need a train to Stevenage.
Absolutely. From where would you like to depart?
I am leaving out of Cambridge. I need the ticket for Sunday. 
TR5390 is the first train of the day leaving at 5:21 would that work for you?
Unfortunately I need to leave after 09:30, is there one available then?
Sure thing, train TR8464 leaves at 11:21. Will that work? 
That will probably work fine.  Can you tell me the travel time for that train?
The first train of Sunday leaves at 11:21 and arrives by 12:10. Does that meet your requirements?
By travel time, I mean the duration of the train trip.
I'm sorry.  That comes out to a 49-minute train ride.  Does that sound agreeable to you?
Yes that will be fine.
Am I booking one ticket?
No, that's not necessary. I can book it later. Thanks. Have a good day. 
Thank you for using our system!
Thanks again. Goodbye!
Thank you! Goodbye.
I am traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
I would be happy to help.  There are lots of great restaurants in town!  Do you what to try a particular type of food?
I still need to discuss restaurants details with a couple people first, can I start by looking for a 4 star place to stay in the south with free parking please?
I have 2 guesthouses that match your criteria, do you have a price preference? 
Do they have wifi? 
yes and they are a number without
Okay, which place do you recommend?
I recommend rosa's bed and breakfast. Could I book a stay for you?
not now . i am also looking for a place to dine
There are several restaurants, what type of food would you like?
I would like a japanese place in the cheap range. 
There's nothing matching that. Do you have any other criteria? 
Can we search for Portuguese instead?
There is one place available called the Nandos! Would you like for me to book a table?
That sounds lovely. I would like to book it for Saturday, for 7 people, at 14:15. 
Your booking for 7 at 14:15 was successful! The reference number is 38PZHLJO. May we help you with anything else?
i also want a taxi
Where to and from, and what time will you need the taxi?
 i want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
at what time should it leave?
The most important thing is that it gets me to the restaurant in time for the reservation. I can leave the hotel whenever necessary.
Okay. I've booked for you a yellow skoda. The contact number is 07314173329
Thank you, that is all I need.
Have a good day!
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the city centre.
There are 15 cheap restaurants available in the Centre area.  Are you looking for a particular type of food cuisine?
I'm not looking for anything in particular, could you choose one and book a table at 13:45 for 2 on Wednesday?
Unfortunately, that time slot isn't available. Would you like to try a different time?
Sure, how about 12:45?
I've booked you a table for two at the river bar steakhouse and grill on Wednesday at 12:45. The reference number is TX50SNZS.
I also need a hotel near the restaurant
I have several options for hotels in the centre of town near the restaurant. Do you have a specific price range for the hotel?
Yes, I am looking for a cheaper hotel and would need free parking.
ok I have a couple of options. Would you prefer the one with 4 stars or 0 stars?
it doesn't matter
Okay, let's try the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  How many days would you like to stay?
Can you book it for 2 people on wednesday for 4 nights? 
Your room is booked, your reference number is: N1Q230JF. Anything else I can do for you?
That's all, thanks for all of your help!
You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a hotel called Worth House.
The worth house is a cheap guesthouse in the north. Do you need a reservation?
Yes please, I need a reservation for 4 nights starting Monday for 1 person. 
I've successfully booked that for you.  Your reference number is VO1DEPI5.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a train that leaves from bishops stortford and goes to cambridge.
Not a problem, when would you like to depart or when would you like to arrive by?
I don't want to leave any earlier than 08:30, please.
the TR2083 leaves at 09:29, and arrives at 10:07.
Is this train the same day as my hotel booking?
No, I'm sorry it's not. For Monday, Train TR0757 will leave at 09:29 and arrive in cambridge at 10:07. Would you like me to book this train for you?
Ok, that's all I need for now. Bye.
If there is any other way I can help you please let me know.
I am looking for a cheap hotel with free parking near Cambridge.
I have multiple cheap hotels with free parking.  What part of town are you interested in staying in?
I'd like to stay close to the center area, but the hotel should be 3 star. 
We do not have any hotels  that match your search. Do you want to try something else?
Are there any moderate 3 star hotels with free parking?
We do not have any hotels that match your search. Do you want to try something else?
How about one in the moderate price range?
We have 3 entries that match your preferences. Would you prefer north, south, or west?
I don't have a preference but I would also like ot find a restaurant called the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
Before I book your restaurant would you like to book your lodging?  I think you will like Hamilton Lodge.  It meets your needs.
Does it have internet?
Yes, the Hamilton Lodge has internet.
Sounds great. What is the address and contact information? 
Hamilton lodge is located at 156 chesterton road postcode cb41da. Their phone is 01223365664. Would you like me to book a room for you?
That's not necessary, thank you. You could, however, find me a restaurant a friend mentioned. I think it was called the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.
The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is a moderately priced gastropub in the centre of town. Would you like a reservation?
May I have the address for The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar please?
The address is Corn Exchange Street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a taxi for the hotel by 13:45 to get to the restaurant please.
I have booked a taxi to arrive at the hamilton lodge by 13:45. The contact number is 07214110599. 
What is the car type for the taxi?
The taxi is a Red Audi
Thank you, that will be all I need.
You are very welcome, have a wonderful day!
I'm looking for places to go to view architecture in Centre.
I found Old Schools on Trinity Ln, postcode cb21tt. Entrance is free. Would you like to go there?
No, That's all. Goodbye! 
OK.  Thank you for calling and have a great day.  Goodbye.
I forgot. Do you have information about Don Pasquale Pizzeria?
Yes they serve Italian food in the centre of town and in the expensive price range.
That's the one! Can you give me their address and postcode, please?
cb23nj, post code , 12 Market Hill City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
I need a taxi to the arbury lodge guesthouse.
Ok.  I can help you with that.  Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from grafton.
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I'd like to arrive by 07:00.
Great! I was able to book a car for you at 7:00/
Did I say arrive by 7:00? Sorry, I meant to say leave the restaurant after 04:15.
Okay you've been rebooked into a grey toyota.
Alright. What is the contact number?
The contact number is 07421146417. Do you need help with anything else?
That's all I need help with right now. Thank you!
You are welcome. 
I would like to find a restaurant called Rice House. Do you know where it is?
Yes! The Rice House is located at 88 Mill Road, City Centre.
Could you please book me a table for 3 people at 14:30 on Tuesday?
Certainly! You're all set. Your reference number is K7KOY3A5 and they'll hold your table for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, yes I'm also looking for a museum in town. Can you recommend one? 
Sure, I would recommend Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum located in the Centre. Would you like a reservation? 
I just want the phone number actually
Okay, you can call them at 01223324222
Thanks, that was the last thing I needed from you! Have a good day!
Alright, you have a wonderful time then, bye!
I am looking for an expensive restaurants in the west side of town.
fantastic, i have nine options for you
Do any of them serve European food? 
cambridge lodge restaurant does.can i book for you?
No, but I'd like the address if you can give it to me.
It is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Thanks!  I'll also be needing a place to stay.  A hotel in the south, preferably also in the expensive range.
the lensfield hotel is a 3 stars and is located in the south
no i wanted a 4 star hotel
unfortunately, i don't have anything in that area that has a 4 star rating.
Could you check in the north maybe?
I do not have any in either area. Would you like to change or restate your perimeters? Then I can check again. 
Try the west, I meant to say that instead of north.
There is the huntingdon marriott hotel would you like me to book you a room there?
Yes can you book for 8 people, 3 nights, starting from monday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : NIJ5L29I. May I help with anything else ?
No thank you, that will be all.
Have a good day.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that is in the town centre that serves Chinese food.
There are many restaurants that fit your specifications. Do you have a price range in mind?
The moderate price range would be best.
I found three moderate chinese restaurants.  Would you like to book at jinling noodle bar?
Yes please.  Please provide the phone number before you book.
The phone number is 01223566188. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train departing after 8:45 to Bishops Stortford.
I can help you with that, where will you be departing from?
From Cambridge on Saturday.
The closest, unfortunately, is the TR3396 that departs at 09:29, which does leave a 44 minute wait for you. Do you still want me to book this for you?
Could you give me the price for this train, please?
The price is 8.08 GBP per ticket. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I think that should be it thank you
How many people are you booking for?
I am booking for one person. 
Your booking was successful, reference number is N2J38YE1. 
Thanks, that's all for today.
Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
Hi! I need to find a train to Ely. Can you find me one that doesn't leave until at least 17:30?
Yes, what day are you traveling?
I need to leave Cambridge on Tuesday.
We have 4 trains that fit that. Any specifics on arrival or departure times?
No. Please book one of for 6 people and let me know the reference number please.
I have booked you on TR7733,leave at 17:50,arrive 18:07,The reference number is : KN3TLBK8.
Thank you. I am also looking for places to go in town. Are there any architecture sights in the city centre?
Yes, I can recommend up to five different architecture attractions in the Centre area.  How about All Saints Church?
That sounds wonderful. Can you give me their address, phone number and postcode?
Of course - the address is Jesus Lane cb58bs and the phone number is 01223452587
Can you give me another idea -- just to have a choice?
Sure there are several churches in the area.  Holy Trinity church is interesting.  Also, if you are not interested in churches, old schools on Trinity Lane is nice.
I am interested in the old schools on Trinity Lane, can you give me the information of one? 
Sure, Old Schools is located on Trinity Lane, their postcode is cb21tt and their phone number is 01223332320. Their entrance fee is free. Can I help you with any other information?
Nope, that's all I needed. You've been quite helpful.
Okay great, have a good day!
Can you help me find a place in the north where I can stay?
Sure I have 5 guest houses all in the moderate price range. When is your stay?
Do any of them have a four star rating?
Yes, actually they all have 4 star ratings, do you need parking?
Yes, I'd like to book one that offers parking please.
Kirkwood House is a lovely place I would recommend. What day will you be checking in, how long will you be staying, and how many people will it be for?
I actually just need information on the kirkwood house.  What is the postcode and phone number please?
Okay, the postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223306283. 	
i am also looking for a restaurant to book for friday
I have 5 different restaurants I can give you some information for. They are all pretty good.
I am looking to eat Indian. 
There are more than five restaurants in cambridge, lol.  Disregard my last statement.  There are 22 indian restaurants any preference on price or area?
I would like it to be in the North as well. 
How about the royal spice restaurant or the nirala, which both are located in the north.
Royal Spice sounds great.  Can you make a reservation for 3 at 18:45 on Friday, please?
The restaurant will hold your table for 15 minutes after your reservation time. Your Reference number is : 2NUA9RGD. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all thank you!
excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.  Can you help?
There are lots of places to visit in the city centre.  What type of place would you like to visit?
Is there a college I could visit?
In what area would you prefer it to be?
In the centre would be perfect!
The emmanuel college is free and it is on saint andrew's street. How does that sound?
That sounds great!! Can I have their address, and how much is the entrance fee?
It is located at saint andrew's street and it's free! Anything else?
Yes, I also need a place to stay. Are there any 4 star hotel in the north with free parking?
Do you have a price range preference?
The price doesn't matter as long as it's a 4 star hotel.
I would recommend acorn guest house. Would you like a reservation?
No, but can I have the phone number and the address?
The phone number is 01223334200 and the address is saint andrew's street.
thanks for all your help! 
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Nope, I'm all set. Thank you!
You're Welcome!  Enjoy your stay!  Goodbye.
I'd like to find hotels in the cheap price range that offer free wifi.
There is one hotel that matches your search. It is the cambridge belfry in the west area. Can I book that for you?
No thank you, just the address and phone number please.
They are located on back lane, cambourne. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Can you book it for me. 3 people, 4 nights, Sunday. Reference number, please.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : 1CU5LU5X. is there anything else i can help?
Thanks.  I am also looking for a place to eat in the north.  Same price range as my hotel.
There are 2 choices - would you prefer indian or Italian food?
I would prefer italian.
da vinci pizzeria serves italian food it is in the north of town
OK, I will need to make a reservation for the same group of people at 12:45 on that same day.
You're all set. Your Reference number is : 7J5INWLY. Can I assist you with anything else?
Great. Thank you for your help.
It was my pleasure, enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi. Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant?
there are a variety of moderately priced restaurant in what area do you prefer?
I was thinking somewhere in the centre of town. 
how about the oak bistro? It looks lovely
Ok, that sounds good, I need to book a table at 18:00 on Tuesday for 6 people, please.
Your table is reserved, reference #9SJWCXZA. Can I be of any further assistance today?
Can you also find me a train that goes to Peterborough on Wednesday? I need to arrive by 10:45.
What time would you like to leave at?  I have 5 trains leaving between 5:06 and 7:06.
Which train arrives closest to 10:45? I don't want to wait around too long after I arrive. 
where are you travelling from?
departure from Cambridge.
The TR0467 leaves at 9:34 and arrives at 10:24.  The cost is 16.50 pounds.  Does this work for you?
Thank you, that was all I needed today.  Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Can you tell me if the restaurant Eraina is in Cambridge? Thank you.
Yes, it is in Cambridge.
Excellent. Where is it?
The Address is Free School Lane City Centre, postal code cb23rh
Great! Any chance I could get a table for 7 there at 14:30 on Wednesday? I'll need the reference number once you make the reservation.
The booking was successful. Your table will be held for 15 minutes at 14:30 on Wednesday, and your reference number is K32GULPV.
Okay great. I am also looking for a train leaving anytime after 17:15 going to Bishops Stortford on Thursday, can you book that for me please?
There are four trains that meet those criteria. The earliest leaves at 17:29 and arrives at 18:07. Trains are every 2 hours after that.
I'll go with the 17:29. What is the train ID and price?
The train ID is TR6673 and the price is 10.10 pounds per ticket
Thank you. I'll take it. 
How many tickets would you like me to book?
Actually I don't need any tickets today. I'm all set here. Thank you for your help.
Have a great day. 
I meed a moderately priced place to stay. 
I have found a list of hotels with a moderate price range, what area, type, star of the hotel would you like?
I would like to stay in the east. It should have a 4 stars and I would also like free wifi please. 
There are 3 guesthouses that meet those requirements I recommend warkworth house. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please! 5 of us will be staying for 3 nights, and we're arriving on Friday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FGTT1OBZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
I am also looking for a train.
I'll be happy to help you with that. What day would you like to travel and where would you like to depart from?
I need to leave from Bishops Stortford the same day I arrive at the hotel. I need to arrive close to 19:30.
 I have a train that arrives in cambridge by 18:07. It would be helpful to know your destination so I can serve you better.
The train should leave from bishops stortford and go to cambridge and arrive by 19:30. 
thank you i think you should prepare before departure thank you 
I am injured and need a hospital close by.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No partricular department, however I do need the phone number, address and postcode please.
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. The phone number is 0122324515. Do you need anything else?
That is all, thank you.
You're very welcome. Have a wonderful day and do call us again.
Thanks again, and Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for Korean food, in the Centre of town.
There is one Korean restaurant in the centre, Little Seoul.  Would you like the address and phone number?
Is it in the expensive price range? 
Yes, it is expensive. Are you interested in booking a table there?
Yes book a table, thank you.
Can you please give me a day and time that you would like to book a table for?
13:45 on monday and a table for 7 please. I will need a reference number too.
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you have a different time preference?
No. How about finding another restaurant in the same area and price range.
How about Kymmoy? It's an Asian restaurant in Expensive price range, located in Centre area.
Sure, try booking that one for the same people, date, and time, please.
I've booked your table for 7 people on Monday at 13:45 at Kymmoy. Your reference number is 1MS5BUU6. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for your assistance!
I was happy to help, enjoy your meal.
I'm looking for some museums, could you help me find more information on them?
Certainly. Cambridge has many museum offerings. What area are you thinking of visiting?
I'm open to visiting any area in Cambridge.  Could you suggest a museum please?
I suggest broughton house gallery located at 98 king street. 
What's the postcode for that?
The postcode for the Broughton House Gallery is cb11ln. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need to find a train on Friday going to Cambridge from Norwich and arriving by 12:45.
The earliest arrival prior to that time is the TR9900 which leaves Norwich at 05:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 06:35. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Yes, 3 seats in fact.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 50KBIWYY.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay thank you! No that will be everything.
Thank you for calling today.
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
sure, what can i help you find?
I'm looking for a place to eat in the centere of town in the expensive price range serving hungarian food.
There are no hungarian restaurant located in the centre of town. How about another food type?
Sure, let's try British food, please?
Yes, there are 3. I recommend midsummer house restaurant.
That sounds great! Could you book a table there for Wednesday? There will be 7 of us, and we'd like to eat at 16:00. 
I certainly can. Just let me call them and confirm the reservation. Can you hold please?
ok and get me the reference number please
Reference number is : TFUP32PH. Is there anything else? 
I also need a train to Leicester. 
Would you be leaving from Cambridge?
Yes, on Thursday.
What time would you like to leave?
I prefer to depart after 16:45. Just choose the first train you see listed and book tickets for 7 people. Then give me the reference number.
IKCBZMLX Is you confirmation number, have you booked for seven tickets. 
Thank you for all of your help.
You're welcome. Do you need additional help with a taxi or attractions? 
No that is everything I needed. Thank you.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Hi there, I'm looking for a train to norwich. Heading out on Wednesday
Sure, what time do you need to get into Norwich by?
I would like to arrive by 16:15 if at all possible.
There are 10 results. What time would you like to leave?
I'd like to depart cambridge around 11:00. Can you find a train at that time? What is the price and train ID?
The TR2625 departs at 11:36 and arrives at 12:55.  The price is 17.60
Okay I also need a museum to go to in the centre. 
The center is a great place to visit museums. There are 11 options all with no entrance fee. Do you have a preference?
No, can you recommend one?
I recommend broughton house gallery
Thank you so much, that's all I need! Take care!
Thank you, have a great trip!
I want to eat some Greek food. 
There is no match for that criterion, Do you have any other food preferences?
mediterranean food will be just fine
Do you have a price range in mind?
No, price doesn't matter to me. I will need a reservation for 1, at 14:30 on Thursday.
Ok, Is have booked you for the shiraz restaurant in the centre area, if you need to contact them they can be reached at 01223307581, any other questions?
Great, can I get the reference number?
The reference number is 664RV8FS. Can I help you with anything else?
Also wanting to book a hotel by the name of Bridge Guesthouse. I need it for three nights beginning on Thursday for one person. Could you provide the reference number?
Your reference number is CYQZO8K2. Do you need anything else?
I'm going to need a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.  
Okay, I booked a taxi. A white honda will take you from the hotel to the restaurant in time for your reservation. The taxi contact number is 07203638050
Thank you very much for your help, you were awesome. Have a great day. Goodbye
Have a nice trip!
Are there any theatres in town?
There are 5 theatres in town. Do you have a preference for a specific area?
No, which one do you think is the best? 
I'd recommend the Cambridge Arts Theatre, myself.
That sounds good. Can I get the address and postcode, please?
The address is 6 Saint Edward's Passage and the post code is cb23pj. Do you need the phone number as well?
That won't be necessary. Thanks for the help!
Have a nice stay in the town, and enjoy the play in the theatre.
Thank you, good bye.
Thank, you good bye.
I need a train to Cambridge, leaving after 17:00. 
There are quite a few. What station will you be leaving from?
I'll be leaving from Norwich on Wednesday.
How about the TR2379 train? It leaves Norwich at 17:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:35.
Can you give me the price and travel time of TR2379, please?
TR2379 is 17.60 pounds per ticket, and the travel time is 79 minutes.
Great, please book that. I would also like to book a hotel, called Kirkwood house
Trains all booked for you and your reference number is ZLRL98VP. What nights would you need me to book at kirkwood house for you?
Can you book the hotel for 4 people starting Wednesday night for 4 nights?
Alright, I got your room at the Kirkwood booked. The reference number is: 90EPN6VX. Anything else I can do for you today?
No, that looks good to me. You have a great day.
Thank you for using our service, have a wonderful day. If you need any assistance, feel free to contact us again.
Can you help me find a place to stay? It'll need to have free parking.
they are many. what is your price range and prefered side?
I just am looking for a 1 star hotel in the north.
I'm sorry, there aren't any hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try something else?
Sure. How about 4 stars?
That narrows it down to about 7 options. I have 6 moderately priced ones, and 1 cheaper one. Do you have a preference?
A moderate priced one will be fine. Any will do. I'll need it booked for Wednesday. I will be staying 2 nights with 6 people. 
Okay, I made you a reservation at the acorn guest house. Your reference number is 5MSB4H92. Can I do anything else for you today?
Now i need a place to dine. Cheap and Belgian food sounds good. 
I do not have anything matching that criteria. Is there another type of food you would like to try?
How about Indian food?
What area would you like to be in?
The area doesn't matter.
There are 4 indian restaurants that meet your criteria. I would recommend kohinoor. I really enjoy their food.
Can you reserve a table for me?
Sure, what day, time, and number of people would you like to book it for?
I would like the booking for wednesday at 19:45 for a group of 6
I have you booked at mahal of cambridge, the reference number is 4B8HXAF2
Lastly, I need a taxi between the two places, I would liek to get to the kohinoor restaurant by the booked time of 19:45.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	black skoda Contact number	:	07910219263 
thanks for your help and have a good day
you're very welcome!
Can you help me find a train leaving Tuesday from Norwich? Thanks.
I have about 19 different trains. Do you have a certain time you would like to leave after or arrive by? 
I want to leave after 20:15.
At 20:16 a train leaves for Cambridge duration of which is 79 minutes. 
I would like to making a booking for one please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UK9225HY. Is there anything else I can do for you today? 
I am looking for a place called tang chinese
I have located tang chinese, it is in the centre of town.  Would you like me to book you?
Yes.  Please book a table for 4 people at 17:00 on Friday. 
I am sorry this time is not available. Another restaurant perhaps?
Are there any other restaurants for the same price range in the same area?
Kymmoy is also in the centre. It is an expensive Asian restaurant. Would you like me to book this one for you?
Yes please try the same date and time for that restaurant
Your booking was successful the reference number is I82B519F. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Okay thank you for calling. Enjoy your dinner.
I want to find a place to eat that serves indian food in the centre of town.
There are 9 restaurants that fit that description. Are you looking for a cheap or expensive restaurant?
Price range doesn't matter. Which restaurant out of the 9 do you recommend?
I'd recoment the Mahal of Cambridge.  It's inexpensive, and conveniently located.  Would you like me to book you?
That sounds fine. Can you book for 4 people at 19:30 on sunday? 
Booking was unsuccessful.   Would you like me to look at another location?
Yes. Can you find me something that is available in the same area and price range?
How about the ghandi?
Ok lets try there.
Your all set. Reference number is HKBDRN69. Anything else?
No thank you.
Okay. Thanks so much for calling. Enjoy your evening!
A friend recommended the City Centre North B&B. Could you help me find it?
They are at 328a histon road postcod cb43ht, and their phone number is 01223312843
Thank you! Can you book that for me? 
I sure can. What day would you need the room and how long do you plan on staying?
I need it for 2 nights, starting on Monday.
May I ask how many will be in your party?
There will be 4 of us. Thanks.
Your reservation is complete, 4 people for 2 nights at City Centre north B&B, reference 0FVDQUN1. Can I help you with anything else? 
That's all. Thank you!
Enjoy your stay!
Hello, I am looking for a thai restaurant on the north side of town. 
unfortunately there are no thai restaurants in the north, do you want to change an area to look for ?
how about west area? i also want the address, phone number, and price range? 
sala thong servers thai food and is expensive in the west. their phone number is 01223323178 the address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham, it there anything I can help you with?
No, thank you.  Goodbye.
Enjoy your meal. 
I'm heading to Club Salsa, and I need a taxi.
I'll be happy to get one for you, what time would you like to leave?
I need to be at club salsa by 6:00 leaving la tasca.
I have booked a taxi for you. It is a blue lexus and the contact number is 07417152476. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything.
Ok, enjoy your time at Club Salsa, come back if you need any further assistance!
I am looking for information about museums in Cambridge, please.
What area would you prefer? I have multiple venues for you. 
I wanted to visit a museum in the centre of town. 
There is the Broughton House Gallery if you are interested?
I sure am. Can you tell me what the Entrance fees are and the address and phone number?
The phone number is 01223314960. There is no entry fee and the address is 98 King Street. Is there anything else?
i also need a train that leaves after 08:00 on thursday departing from ely going to cambridge.
TR2029 is the earliest train. It will depart at 9:35. Would you be interested in booking this train?
Yes. Please book the train for 3 people.
OK, you have 3 tickets reserved on TR2029. Your reference number is GBHP4IM5. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you!
You are welcome.  Have a nice stay in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I am injured and need  to get to a hospital that has a pediatric clinic.
Sorry, I couldn't find that department in the nearby hospital.
where else could i possibly find the department
My apologies, I actually did find it. Their phone number is 01223348313
Thank you, could you also give me the postcode and address, please?
The postcode for Addenbrookes Hospital is CB20QQ, and the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there any other way I can assist you?
No, thanks again.
You're welcome. I hope everything turns out ok.
I need a train going to cambridge that leaves after 14:45.
Where are you coming from?
I want a train department from Cambridge and going to Birmingham New Street on Friday at 14:45.
I can put you on the tr8842 it leaves at 15:17 how many tickets please
Two tickets please.
There is an error in that train booking could I book the TR2519 from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street, on Friday, departing at 15:01?
Yes, that would be great. I'd like to book two tickets and I'll need a reference number, please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 150.19 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : LCEXHUAZ.
I'm also looking for a chinese restaurant that is semi expensive. I would like it the same day I arrive.
Sure, there are a number of expensive options.  Did you have a certain part of town in mind? 
No specific area for the restaurant. 
the good luck chinese food takeaway fits those criteria, can I make a booking for you?
Yes, I would like to book it for 2 people at 10:00 please.  I'll need it for Friday please.  Can I get the reference number please?
Of course.  I reserved the table for you.  Your reference number is D9XHCFDT.
Thank you for your help.
Do you need me to book transport or provide anymore info?
that is all for now, thank you very much.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you set up a taxi to loch fyne from hakka for me?
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I actually need to leave after 23:00
I've just booked a taxi for you, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I need the car type and contact number.
Ok it's a white volvo and the contact number is 07915907755.
Got it, thanks. Goodbye.
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge. I am looking for an attraction that has sports and located in the Centre, can you help me find it?
It doesn't look like such a place exists. Would you like me to look outside of the city centre?
No I would like to go somewhere in the centre. Is there a theatre of any type?
There are 4 theatres in the center - adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange. Would you like more information on any of those?
Yes, may I please have the address, postcode, and phone number for the ADC Theatre?
The ADC Theatre is in postcode cb58as and is located on Park Street. The phone number is 0122300085.
Great, thanks. I also need to book a train going to cambridge, and I will be departing from broxbourne. 
What is your departure day and time?
I would like to leave on Thursday and arrive by 19:00.
Ok, there are 13 different options, if you give me a departure time, we can narrow it down from there.
I have no set departure time as long as my arrival time is before or at 19:00.
TR1828 will get you in at 18:32.  You leave at 17:32.  May I book that for you?
I don't need to book at the moment, thanks. All I need is the ticket price.
The price of TR1828 from Broxbourne to Cambridge is 17.90. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all for today. Thank you!
Okay. Do not hesitate to call us back if you need anything else.
Alright. Goodbye. 
Thank you for using our site and let us know if you need anything else in the future.
I'm looking for a nightclub to go to. Are there any in the centre of town?
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. Ballare is one of them. Would that work for you?
Is there an entrance fee for Ballare? 
The fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you! That's all I needed.
Okay, Thank you for calling.
I'd like to visit a museum in the center of town.
There are 11 museums in the town centre area, all with free admission.  Are you looking for a particular type of museum?
No. Why don't you pick one at random for me and give me the address and postcode.
Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum address 6 trinity street postcode cb21su
I am also looking for a train that should arrive by 15:15 and one that needs to leave on Tuesday. 
Can you please give me your departure and destination?
Stevenage is my departure, my destination is Cambridge.
There is one train departing from Cambridge and arriving in Stevenage at 14:43. All other trains arrive earlier or later. Would you like me to book this for you?
That would be fine please book it for four people
Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UJAL7AEJ.
Thank you. Your service was pleasant.
Thank you and have a wonderful day!
Hello, I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant that serves fusion food. 
Which area you would like to search in?
I don't care. 
I am sorry, there is no restaurant serving fusion food in the moderate price range. Would you like any other type of food or different price range?
Bummer.  How about some reasonably priced Chinese food, then?
There are 4 Chinese restaurants. Three in the center of town and one in the north part of town all moderatly priced.
What is the phone number of one of them?
The Lan Hong House is great. Their phone number is 01223 350420. Would you like any additional information about them?
what is the food type of that restaurant ?
They serve chinese food. 
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that serves kosher food.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants in the center of town that offer kosher food. Would you like me to check another area?
Are there any kosher restaurants in the city at all?
I'm sorry. There are none.
Alright. Can you find me an indian food restaurant instead? 
Sure, there are 22 Indian places in the city. Do you have a price range you're looking for?
Something expensive please. 
How about the Curry Garden in the city center?
Sounds perfect.  Can you book a table for 3 at 19:15 on Thursday?
I'm sorry I was unable to do so. Would you like to try another restaurant?
Yes. Just make sure it is something in the expensive range.
I was able to book you into the Curry Garden, an expensive Indian restaurant in the city center and your reference number is DHF9VBTS.
Okay great. That is all I need. Thank you.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
could you provide some information about the colleges you have in town?
Okay! What part of town would you like to visit?
It does not matter.
christ's college is a beautiful college. You would love it !
Great, may I please have the address?
Christ's college is in the centre of town. Their address is saint andrew's street
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive  book a table for 1 people at 14:30 on saturday
We have 14 places with all kind of food type, any preference?
Hm, I guess a chinese place would be good.
I'm sorry but I have no Chinese in this area. Could we try another area or type of food?
Indian food sounds good as well, how about that? The area and price must stay the same. Really anything is fine I don't care. 
I'm sorry, there are no expensive Italian restaurants in the area either. How about a cheaper option?
Well then find me another type of expensive restaurant. Book it for 1 person for Saturday at 14:30.
Done! I have booked you a table at Travellers Rest, which will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is 86LRTWFF. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a taxi to commute between the two locations. I'll need to arrive at the restaurant by the dining time. 
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	grey skoda Contact number	:	07328070350 
Thanks.  That is all I need for today.  Bye.
Bye, have a good time.
I'm looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range.
I have 2 asian oriental and 3 chinese places that fit your requirements. Do you have a preference?
Are there any italian ones?
There are 3 cheap italian restaurants in the centre, including a Pizza hut. Do you have any preferences?
No, I don't have any preferences. The Pizza Hut sounds good, can I get their phone number and postcode?
Sure, they can be reached at 01223323737 and are in the cb21ab postcode.  Anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I need for now. Thanks for your help.
Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am looking for a German restaurant in the west part of town. 
There are no German restaurants in the west part of town. Would you like to make another query?
How about Italian?
There are several Italian restaurants in the west part of town.  La Margherita is cheap and Prezzo is moderate.  Would you like the address of one of those?
What is the phone number of one of them?
The phone number to Prezzo, which is moderately priced, is 01799 521260. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? 
Thank you goodbye. 
thank you. good bye
I am looking for the Parkside Police Station.  Can you help me?
I have the phone number as 01223358966
Ok, thanks.  Could I also get the address and postal code?  I need it for directions. 
Sure, I've attached the information: Address:	Parkside, Cambridge; Postcode: CB11JG. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's everything. Thank you.
Let me know if you need anything else.
I need a cheap, 2 star hotel to stay at here in Cambridge
I have no hotels matching your request. Would you like to change your price range or star rating and try again?
Ok, find me a hotel that has free parking included then. 
The Cambridge Belfry has free parking and is in the cheap price range, would you like to book this hotel? 
Is it in the moderate price range?
No, the hotel is within the cheap price range. Would you like me to alter the search?
I would like one in the moderate price range. I need to book one for 4 nights for 4 people. 
I have found two hotels meeting your specifications in the moderate price range. Do you have any additional preferences?
No, I just need a room for 4 people. We'll arrive on monday and stay 4 nights.
I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel on Monday for 4 nights/4 guests. Your reference number is KFHQFY56. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a restaurant serving British food that is moderately priced.
I have five moderately priced restaurants serving British food. Do you have a preference for location? Four are in city center and one is west. 
No preference. What would you recommend? And I'll need the address.
I like the copper kettle, it is located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre postcode cb21sj. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
That's OK, I'll handle that, but I'll need a taxi between the Ashley Hotel and the restaurant leaving by 17:30.
I was able to schedule taxi service for you at the time specified. You will be looking for a Blue Lexus. If you need to contact them, please call 07580951630.
Thank you. That's all I need today.
You're very welcome, enjoy your visit!
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the cheap price range
OK, I have 15 options for you, in many cuisines. Do you have a cuisine preference, or would you like me to recommend a restaurant?
I don't have a preference. What would you suggest and can you provide me with the address and phone number?
How about the Rice House? It is located at 88 Mill Road City Centre and their number is 01223367755. 
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services. Is there anything else we can help you with?
i am looking for a train from london kings cross and leaves on wednesday
There are 10 train departures that may match your needs. The earliest train departs at 5:17. Does this work for you or would you like a different time in particular?
I am looking to book a train that arrives by 13:30. Are there any that fit that description?
Yes, TR2417 arrives at 12:08.  Would you like me to book it?
No, I just need to know how much it is.
TR2417 is 23.60 pounds, would you like to book a seat?
Sounds great. Is TR2417 the train ID?
Yes it is.
I will also need the departure time please.
TR2417 departs at 11:17. Do you need any further assistance?
No, I think we have covered everything. Thank you so much for all of your help.
Thanks! Have a nice day!
Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
The hospital is located in Hills Rd, Cambridge, Postcode CB20QQ. Is there a particular department you were looking for? 
I need the phone number
The general phone number for the hospital is 01223245151.  Do you need any further assistance?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye. 
Thank you for using our services.
I am traveling to Cambridge and excited about seeing local tourist attractions, can you help?
Do you have an attraction type preference? 
Yes, I would like to see a museum. Can you tell me the postcode and entrance fee for it?
I have 23 places. What area would you prefer to be in?
I have no particular area preference. Can you list a few for me to select from? 
There is Cafe Jello Gallery in the west, Cambridge Artworks in the east and Broughton House Gallery in the centre.  Does any of those sound appealing? 
Yes could I have their postcode and entrance fee?
Cafe jello gallery postcode is cb30af and the entrance is free, is there anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for the restaurant Yu Garden.
Here is the address 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
Can you give me more information about Yu Garden.
Of course! It is a chinese cuisine restaurant located in the east. Anything else you would like to know?
Just the price range and postal code please.
Their price range is expensive and the postcode is cb58pa.  Are you sure that is all you needed?
that is it. thank you for helping me
You're welcome! Enjoy your visit!
I need somewhere to go.
There are a number of things to do in the area! Did you have an idea of the type of place you'd like to go?
I'm looking for attractions in the west area. 
There are many colleges and museums East of Cambridge, as well as one entertainment venue, "Whale of a Time".
I'll take the "Whale of a Time", what type of attraction is that, and can I get the postcode and entrance fee please?
Whale of a time is labeled only as entertainment and the postcode is cb238el. Unfortunately the entrance fee is not known. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you please double check then? If the entrance fee is not known I need to switch
Yes their entrance fee is not known by our system currently.
I need to change the venue then. Can you please select another venue for me in the West?
Cafe Jello Gallery is free as is Kettle's Yard. They are both museums. 
Excellent. What is the postcode for both museums?
Cafe Jello postcode is cb30af.  Kettle's yard is cb30aq.
I will need to know the entrance fee as well.  Once I get that I also need help finding a train leaving Cambridge to kings lynn after 16:45.
The entrance is free for both attractions. I have found you a train that departs from Cambridge at 17:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 17:58.
Great, I'd like to book that for 1 on Wednesday. May I have a booking number?
I have booked your train, your reference number is DYZVFY15. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all I needed for today, thanks!
Thank you, Goodbye
Hey, can you help me out? I am looking for something to do. What kind of entertainment is out there in the center of town?
There are no entertainment attractions in the centre of town. Would you like to look in a different area?
That's not necessary. Are there any colleges in that area instead?
There are 13 colleges in town centre. Gonville and Caius college is on trinity street with free entrance. Do you want more information on any others?
That actually sounds great. Could you give me the phone number for Gonville and Caius college?
The phone number for the Gonville and Caius College is 01223332400. Can I help you with anything else?
Actually, yes. I am looking for a cheap place to stay with free parking. 
What part of town would you like to stay in?
I would prefer the East side.
There are several guest houses on the east side. Do you need free parking or internet?
Yes, both please. I'm looking to get a room just for me for 2 nights on Friday at a place that offers wifi and parking free.
I am sorry, but that was not successful. Would you like to pick a different day or shorter stay?
How about one night?
Great! You're booked at Autumn House for one night. Your reference number is N4TVFKGS. Would you like more information?
I'd also like a taxi between the places if possible.
I can help with that. When would you like to either leave or arrive? And do you want the taxi from the college to the hotel or the other way around?
I need to go from the college to the hotel, and I want to leave the college by 20:45, please.
OK, I have a yellow BMW taxi booked to pick you up. Their contact number is 07146618833. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that is all I will need today. Thank you very much.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free wifi and should include free parking.
Sure, would you like a guesthouse or hotel?
A guesthouse, please. Are there any in the cheap price range?
Oh, yes, there are 9. I do recommend the Autumn House. 
Great, could you give me their phone number and address please?
The Autumn House is located at 710 Newmarket Road, CB58RS and the phone number is 01223575122. Can I help with anything else? 
Yes, I'm looking for a museum in the west.
How does the cafe jello gallery sound? Or kettles yard?
Could I get the area, phone number, and address of the Kettles yard?
Here is the address castle street and the phone number is 01223748100.
What is the area?
it is in the west of the city
What is the postcode?
The postcode for Kettle's Yard is cb30aq. Can I help you with anything else today?
no, that will be all. Thank you! goodbye.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to eat.
Sure! Did you have a type of food in mind?
I would like Americas food.
OK, the gourmet burger kitchen	is a north american restaurant.
Is the Gourmet Burger Kitchen located in the centre of town?
Yes it is. Could you like a reservation?
Yes, please. Thursday at 20:00 would be ideal. There are 5 of us. 
Your reservation is complete. Table for 5 on Thursday at 20:00.  Your reference number is WXIAOK8F. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train on Thursday heading to Cambridge. 
Ok.  Where will you be departing from?
Norwich. I need to get to Cambridge by 12:30.
TR6655 leaves Norwich at 10:16 and arrives at Cambridge at 11:35. Do you want me to book this train?
Yes, please book tickets for 5 people and send me the reference number
The booking was successful and the reference number is 35C0PZCY.
Thank you for your time.
Your are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge
I am looking for a particular attraction called the Funky Fun House. Can you get me directions?
Absolutely,   the address for the Funky Fun House is 8 Mercers Row located in the Mercers Row Industrial Estate.
What area of town is that in?
The Funky Fun House is in the east past of town. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is? May i also have their postcode please?
I'm sorry, there's no entrance fee information listed for that attraction. The postcode is cb58hy. 
Great, thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay? I'd like an expensive hotel with free parking.
Sure, there are 5 hotels.  How many stars should the hotel have?
I would like a hotel in the expensive price range.
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel in the east end. Would you like me to book it for you?
Could you book it for 3 people and for 3 nights starting on sunday?
Okay, the booking was successful. Your reference number is : 3EJ2CUS3.
Thank you! I'm all set. Goodbye!
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
Are there any chinese food restaurants in the south?
there are 3. what is your price range?
Thank you! I do not care about the price range.
How about peking restaurant? 
Great, could we have a table for 8 on monday at 17:00?
Your table at the Peking Restaurant is booked, ref #N2XF9GWQ. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I need a guesthouse with free wifi.
There are 23 guesthouses with free wifi. Would you like to stay in the south near the restaurant?
Yes please, and I'll need free parking as well.
I think allenbell would fit your needs. Want me to book it?
Well how many stars does it have?
My apologies. Allenbell is not in the south. However, I highly recommend the 4 star Aylesbray Lodge located in the south and moderately priced. Can I help you with your booking?
How many stars, also the postcode and address? I will also need a taxi and want it to arrive by 17:00. Contact number and car type.
It is four stars. 5 Mowbray road. Shall I book it?
just find me the postcode and address.
The address is 5 mowbray road in the postcode, cb17sr. Do you still need a taxi?
Yes. I'm leaving Aylesbray Lodge and need to be at Peking Restaurant by 17:00. Please get me the contact number and car type.
I've booked you a yellow BMW departing the guesthouse and arriving and peking restaurant prior to your 17:00 reservation. You can reach the driver at 07462630170.
Thanks. That is all for today.
you are welcome. enjoy your stay.
Can you help me find an expensive restaurant in the west?
We have nine of them that fall in the price range, do you have any more specific preferences?
I was hoping for Indian food.
I have 5 places that match your wants. Would you like to try the india house?
Sure. Do they have table for 1 on Sunday at 15:45?
Confirmed table for 1 for 15 minutes on the said date. Do you need me to keep the reservation and is there any other thing i can do for you?
I'd like to have the reference number please
Yes of course. It is CHBHZPDM.
Yes I am seeking information on a particular hotel, Hobson's House.
its a guesthouse located in the west and has free internet and parking, would you like a room?
I'm not sure. What is the price range?
It's in the moderate price range. 
Can I get a taxi that would take me from Hobson's House to the restaurant?
I'd love to help. When would you like to arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 15:45.
I was able to book a black bmw phone number is 07591473862
Great! Thank you for your help.
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. That's all that I needed.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant in Cambridge that serves high Chinese food and is more expensive than it's competitors. 
I have some here can I get what area you would like to eat in?
I don't have a preference on the area. Can you make a suggestion?
How about the Ugly Duckling that is located in the city center?
That sounds fine, can you book  a table for 3 at 11:45 on Wednesday please?
You are booked for Weds at the ugly duckling refs number is U1BCCKQX
Can I get the phone also please?
They is no phone information given, can I help with anything else?
Yes, i am looking for places to visit on the east side of town. 
There are lots of attractions in the east! Do you have a preference for type?
I will like a place with no entrance fee and also a taxi that will take me from the restaurant to the place.
Okay, I recommend cambridge artworks. For the taxi, I will need more information on either departure or arrival time
What is cambridge artworks address?
the address is 5 greens road.
And can you give me the postcode?
Certainly, the postcode is cb13ef.  Are you still wanting to reserve a taxi?
Yes I still need a taxi please.
OK, and what time would you like that taxi?
well to commute between places.
A red honda will be picking you up in time for your reservation, the contact number is 07278810684, anything else today?
That takes care of my needs. Thank you, bye!
Glad I could help. Enjoy your trip! 
I'm looking for general information on places to go in the east area of town.
the camboats and the funky fun house are both located in the east side of town.
Could you give me the address and postcode of the Camboats?
The Camboats are located at the Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton.  The postcode is CB58SX.  Would you like the phone number?
No need, but I am looking for a train from kings lynn to cambridge.  Can you please find one for me.
I'd be happy to help with your request, can you be more specific on the day you're travelling and what time you'd like to depart?
I will be traveling on monday and I want to arrive by 21:45 .
Trains run every hour on that route, starting at 5:11. What would be a good departure time?
Whichever you that leaves the latest but still gets me in by 21:45
TrianID TR1465 is leaving at 20:11 and will have you in cambridge by 20:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book this train for 2 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : FC8I7U3O.
That's all I need. Thanks you so much for your help. 
Thank you for using our system today!
I need information about Pembroke College.
Pembroke is located the in centre area, they have free admission, anything else that I can help with?
Yes. I need to get the phone number and area. 
It is located in the centre of town and the phone number is 01223338100.
I am also looking to eat out. Center of town , unusual food. 
Unfortunately, we don't happen to have any places that serve unusual food in Cambridge. Would there be another type of cuisine you'd be interested in? 
How about one that serves Indian food?
Curry Garden serves Indian food in the centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes please for 3 people at 17:45 on a Sunday. I also need a reference number.
Ok, you're all set. Your reference number is : CUHVEUDG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to get me to the restaurant by 17:45
Where will you be departing from to get to the restaurant?
From Pembroke college. Please give me the car type, and contact number as well please.
I booked you a black ford and the contact number for it is 07840878878. Would you like me to help you with anything else today? 
No thanks, that was all I needed. Goodbye.
Ok! Have a great day!
I need a train that goes to leicester on sunday
TR2025 leaves at 05:21.  Do you need a ticket?
Yes as long as I arrive at my destination by 13:00.
The TR5767 will have you in Leicester at 12:06.
How long will the trip take?
That train leaves from Cambridge at 10:21, it takes an hour and forty-five minutes to get to Leicester.
That's good. Is there a park in the north part of town?
Yes, Milton Country Park is located in the north. 
Can you get the address?
I'd be happy to help you with that. The address is milton country park, milton and the admission is free! Phone 01223420060, postcode cb46az. Will that be it for you today?
I am looking for information in Cambridge and looking for places to go in town. Can you assist?
Definitely. We have many attractions in Cambridge. What type of place are you looking for, or in which area of town?
I would like to visit a college.  I'm not sure what area, where are most located? Also, please provide the entrance fee.
Most colleges are located in the centre area, the entrace fee varies, anywhere from free to 2.50 pounds.
Great info. I need help with a train to london kings cross that leaves after 14:00.
What is your departure day and site?
It will be from cambridge on saturday.
There are 5 trains travelling that route at that time. When do you want to arrive?
It doesn't matter what time I arrive
Alright. Trains from cambridge to kings cross leave on the hour every other hour, starting at 15:00 and running to 23:00. Would you like to book a trip?
Yes, can I get the train ID please? 
We will get you setup on train ID TR6203, arriving in london kings cross at 15:51.
Great! I will go ahead and book it on my own but thanks so much for the information. That's all for today. 
Hey, it's no problem at all! I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge and please remember to contact the Cambridge TownInfo centre whenever you need to!
Can you help me find a train going to cambrdige arriving by 09:00?
Absolutely! Where are you departing from?
I am departing from norwich
What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday.
TR4202 will leave at 07:16 and arrive 79 minutes later at 08:35. It will cost 14.08 pounds. Would you like to book a seat?
cool, actually i need eight seats.
Your tickets have been booked. The total fee for 8 tickets is 112.64 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is AT6FDYTN. Anything else you need today?
I need to book a 3 night stay starting on Tuesday for 8 at the Aylesbray Lodge Guest house.  I need a reference number for it.
Okay, the booking was successful. Reference number is : FKO2U5E7. Anything else I can help you with?
thank you that is all
Excellent. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. 
I'm looking for an attraction to visit. Is there anything located in the west part of town?
There are 13 attractions in the west part of town. Would you like to visit a college?
No, I was thinking of something fun to do. Do you have any suggestions? 
I have several museums to choose from. I also have an entertainment attraction called Whale of a Time. Can I interest you in one of those? 
Whale of a Time sounds like a whale of a time! Yes, can I have their phone number, address, and postcode please?
Sure, they're located at unit 8, viking way, bar hill, postcode cb238el, and their phone number is 01954781018.  May I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye.
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
There are a bunch of restaurants for you!  Do you have a certain price range or food type you prefer?
I would like it on the expensive price range please. 
I found some quite nice choices for you.  Do you have a cuisine preference?
he restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve polynesian food. If there is no such restaurant, how about one that serves indian food.
I don't have any Polynesian, but I do have 14 Indian. What area of town would you like?
please get phone number and area.I am also looking for a train. The train should depart from Cambridge and should leave after 09:30
I have Indian restaurants in all areas. Do you have a preference of which one? Lets do this and then we can work on the train/
Can you please recommend one and provide me with their phone number and area they're located?
which side of town do you prefer?
The north part of town is fine. I need the phone number and area for the place after you find it. 
I am sorry but there are no Indian restaurants in the North.  Would you like another area?
My area is flexible. What is available for an expensive indian restaurant. It can be in any area. 
I have the cocum located in the west at 71 Castle Street City Centre. Would you like reservations?
No thank you but I do need a train.
Okay! From where to where?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.
I have found many trains leaving from Cambridge. Can I please get a departure and arrival time, and destination?
depart from cambridge at 9:00 and arrive london liverpool street on Sunday for 6 people
There are no trains leaving at 9:00.  Would you be interested in the one leaving at 7:59 or 9:59?
I just need to depart after 9:30. 
I can book the TR0995 which leaves Cambridge at 09:59. Shall I book it for six people?
Yes, that would be wonderful.
the total fee is 79.67, Reference number is : Z51SW54Y.
That's all I need today. Have a great day
Have a safe trip.
Are there any entertainment attractions in the centre of town?
Unfortunately, I haven't found anything. Would you like me to search for another type of attraction, or another location?
Sure. Are there any colleges in the centre?
Yes, there are 13 colleges located in the centre. Can I help you narrow down the results?
Sure, I would like the largest college available
gonville and caius college 	Area-centre 	Phone #-01223332400 	Post code-cb21ta 	Address-trinity street 	Entrance fee-free 
Thank you. Can you also find a turkish restaurant that is moderately priced?
There are two that match your requests. Anatolia and efes restaurant. Would you like me to book one for you?
Is one of them in the centre area. I would like one close to the college.
They are both located in the centre. Efes restaurant is located at King Street City Centre. Would you like to reserve a table?
We'll try Efes, could you book me a table for 2 on Thursday at 11:15?  I'll need the reference number also.
You are all set at the Efes on Thursday at 11:15.  Your reference number is NZ89K99X.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is it thank you.
So happy I could help! Enjoy the rest of your day!
I need to find a moderately priced north indian restaurant. 
I'm sorry, I didn't have any luck with those requirements.  Can I look for something else?
How about an Italian restaurant, then? 
Is there a particular area of town that you would like to dine in?  
Any would be fine.
I recommend pizza express Fen Ditton in the centre area, would you like more info or a booking?
That sounds good to me. Can you please book a table for 8 at 12:15 on Saturday?
You are booked for a table for 8 on Saturday at 12:15. Your reference number is 9VEG3PSD. Can I help you with anything else?
I also will need a train.
Where will you be leaving from?
I will depart from Birmingham New Street.
What day are you traveling and what is your destination?
I'll be leaving birmingham new street and going to Cambridge. I need to arrive by 09:30.
What day are you wanting to travel?
the same day as the restaurant booking and should arrive by 09:30.
TR4463 will get you there by 09:23, would you like more info or a booking?
Awesome! You were a huge help. Thanks. 
Thank you for using our service today!
I am looking for a train departing from Cambridge.
Hi, there's one that departs at 05:00 going to london kings cross. Would you like to book it?
I actually need to go to Birmingham new street by 13:45 on Tuesday.
The TR8233 arrives at Birmingham new street at 13:44. Would you like me to book you a seat?
Please, just one ticket. Can I have the reference number as well?
The booking went through successfully. Reference number is : U1F39M58. The total fee is 75.09 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you! Can you also help me find a place to dine? 
It will be my pleasure. Do you have any preference in location, cuisine or price range?
No, I would just like something expensive.  I like the west side of town.
We have some very nice restaurants, such as the Graffiti, offering British cuisine, The Cambridge Lodge, with European, and the Tandoori Palace, with Indian fare. What sounds good to you today?
Surprise me. I need the postcode, phone number, and type of food though, please.
I would recommend Graffiti, serving british fare.  Their phone number is 01223277977 and the postcode is cb30lx.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you.
Great! I'm happy to help. Goodbye!
I'm looking for a sports facility in the town centre.
Unfortunately, I do not have any sports attractions in the centre of town. Can I look in another area or for a different type of attraction?
How about a museum instead?
How about, the Cambridge Contemporary Art Museum located at 6 trinity street?
That sounds good. What is their phone number?
The number there is 01223324222.  Anything else?
What's their postcode, and how much is it to get in?
There is no entrance fee; it is free.  The postcode is cb21su. May I help you with anything else?
That's all, thank you.
Excellent. Take care!
I'm looking for a place to stay, do you have any suggestions?
The A and B guest house is a cool place to stay in the east. We also have many other options. Do you have a price range?
I'm a sophisticated man. I will only consider expensive guesthouses.
We have 5 great choices. Do you have a preference with a specific location? 
I would like to make sure it has free wifi. 
The gonville hotel is really nice. Want a reservation?
Yes can you please?
Can you tell me what day you want to start your stay? And how many people for how many nights?
monday and for 5 nights for 4 people.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is AZSYT6ET. Can I help with anything else?
We need a place to go in town.  Can you help?
Sure I can. Do you have a preference for what part of town, or what type of place you want to visit?
I'm looking for a place to go in the east, entertainment type.
How does the Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds sound? Would you like more information about this attraction?
Sounds great. I'd love to know the postcode, phone number, and address for that attraction if you wouldn't mind.
The postcode is cb18dw. They are on Cherry Hinton Road. Their phone number is 01223446104. May I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me book a taxi?
Yes I can I just need the travel time, departure time, and arrival time. 
Yes, I want to depart Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds by 16:00. I will be going to the hotel.
I need to know the name of destination please.
You just reserved the Gonville hotel for me. That's where I'd like to go.
Of course, sorry about that.  Look for a Blue Ford.  Contact number: 07146797795. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all. 
Thanks for using our service. Enjoy your visit. 
Thank you. Goodbye.
thank you for using this service good bye
I need directions to leverton house, a hotel in Cambridge, can you help me?
Woudl you like me to book a train to leverton house for you? 
No thanks. But I do need to book Leverton House for two nights starting on Tuesday. There are 5 in my party.
Booking was successful for your stay at Leverton House on Tuesday. Your reference number is : CQ1T0JWE. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I am also looking for a train out of Cambridge for Thursday. 
What is your destination?
I want to travel to Norwich.  
What time would you like to arrive or leave by?
I would like to leave after 20:45. Could I get the arrival time and train ID?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I want expensive Korean food.  I want the address and area of town.
Little Seoul is a Korean restaurant in the city centre and is in the expensive price range. The address is 108 Regent Street.
What part of town is that in?
Little Seoul is located in the centre of town.
I wanted Indonesian food if possible.  I wanted to ask about expensive Indonesian food first.
There are no Indonesian restaurants. May I search for something else?
Thank you for your help!
Not a problem. Have a good day and contact us again if you need anything else. 
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi. I would prefer a guesthouse.
I have found several guesthouses is there a particular are you wish to stay in?
I am looking for a cheap hotel with a rating of 0 out of 5 stars.
I have the El Shaddai in the center that is cheap and has a 0 star rating. Would you like a booking?
Does the El Shaddai include free wifi?
Yes they sure do. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes that will be fine. I will be needing accommodations for 5 adults for a total of 4 nights 5 days beginning Sunday.   Include reference number.
Your reference number is 0E0R0NEJ.
Okay, thank you. I would also like to go to a museum while I'm in town. Could you give me some information on possible options?
There are many different museums available. Is there a certain area you would prefer?
No thank you. Could you recommend your favorite museum?
The Broughton House Gallery is a lovely museum in the centre of town. It's located at 98 King Street cb11ln and has free entrance. Their phone is 01223314960. Would that work?
Actually, yes, that's great. You've answered all my question wonderfully, thank you. Bye!
You're very welcome. Have a good day, goodbye.
I need the address, phone number and postcode for a moderately priced restaurant serving international food.
How about the varsity restaurant, they are located at 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, postcode C.B 2, 3 A.R, phone number is 01223 356060.
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye.
I am looking to try a local restaurant that serves modern European cuisine and has a moderate price range 
There is restaurant almentum that serves modern european food in the south part of town.
Book a table for 1 person at 17:30 on Saturday. Give me the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5U78RXDV.
I am also looking for a place to stay in the north
Okay I have many choices for you. Could we narrow it down by price and star rating? Will you be looking for parking and wifi amenities/
I don't care about wifi but I definitely need free parking. 
Acorn guest house has parking. Would you like me to book that?
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some of your local restaurants.  I do need help with some other places to go in town while I am there though.
What is your food type preference?
I would say let's look for an attraction first. Can you recommend something to do in the south part of town?
There are several nice parks in the area as well as theaters and museums.
I will go with whatever you recommend, I just need the attraction type and postcode.
The byard art museum  postal code is cb21sj. Can i help you get transportation to and from the museum?
No, but I would like to find a cheap priced south african restaurant.
I'm sorry, but we don't have and South African restaurants in the area.  Is there a different type of food I can help you find?
Try Portuguese then. 
There are two results. Both are cheap. Do you prefer the south or centre?
I would rather be in the south area.
The only option is nandos.
Can you book a table for me there on Thursday at 12:15?
How many people are in your party?
3 people will be dining. Please give me a reference number once you finish the reservation
I have finished booking it for Thursday at 12:15 for 3 people at Nando, your reference number is TDQZGM38.  Do you need anything else?
Thanks so much for putting up with me! You've been great!
You are welcome enjoy
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town. 
There are 44 places to go in the centre of town.  Do you know what you want to do?
Not really. Can you recommend a place?
If you like architecture, I would recommend Old Schools located on Trinity Lane.  It is a nice place to visit.
That sounds wonderful, can you tell me what the entrance fee is for that?
They offer free admission. Is there anything else I can help with today? 
Actually yes. I need high priced hotel with free wifi
there are 5 choices. to narrow down you need to choose the side of town you prefer
Area doesn't matter, but it should be a guesthouse with a 4 star rating. 
unfortunately, nothing meets that criteria. 
How about a guesthouse with a star rating of 4 that is cheap?
There are 7 options. I recommend Autumn House. 
Sounds great, thanks! Can you please book it for 4 people, for 3 nights, starting Saturday?
Consider it done, you are booked, reference number is 2LDTCWH4 any other questions today?
No, thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day.
I am looking for a restaurant that serves british food in cambridge in the moderate price range
We have several options, and most are in the center of town. I recommend Cotto!
Can you make me a reservation please?
Absolutely! May I please have the day and time and also the number of people attending?
Actually, I would just like the address, postcode and phone number instead at this time.
Here is that information,phone-01223302010 post code-cb11bg Address-183 East Road City Centre	
Thank you, I also need a 4 star hotel in that area for 3 people, 2 nights, starting Friday evening.
The University Arms Hotel fits your specifications, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. That would be great.
Okay, please tell me what day you will arrive, how many days you will stay, and how many people
I need it on Friday for 2 nights and 3 people. Thank you.
It isn't allowing me to make that reservation, is there a different day I can try.
Let's try Sunday, please.
Booking was successful. Your Reference number is : Z3CX53OL.
Thanks so much. That's all I needed tonight.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge
Hello, are there any Indian restaurants in the city centre?
We have many of those, but they're either cheap or expensive - nothing in between. If price is not an issue, I recommend Saffron Brasserie.
ok book us fir 8 on friday at 15 15
Your reservation at the saffron brasserie for this friday at 15:15 for 8 people was successful.  Your Reference number is : Q3IFEX40.
I would also like to know about a fun place in the middle of town. 
Is there a type of place you might prefer?
Nothing in particular, I just need to know how much the entrance fee is.
The whipple museum of the history of science is fascinating and it is free! The address is free school lane. Do you need more information?
No thanks, but I do need a taxi. Would you be able to help? 
Yes, will you need it to or from the museum?
From the restaurant to the museum.
What time would you like the taxi?
Sorry from the museum to the restaurant...I just need to be there in time for our reservation.
I have booked you a grey toyota taxi. The phone number to reach them is 07598086239.
Great, thanks so much!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, I'm all set, thank you.
Have a wonderful night and enjoy your trip.
Where is the nearest hospital?
The nearest hospital is on Hills Rd in Cambridge. The telephone number is 01223245151, is there anything else I can help with?
Does it list an address for the hospital?
It is on Hill Rd. Postcode is CB20QQ.
Great, thank you for your help. That is all I need.
You're welcome, is there anything else I can help with?
No that was all. Thanks
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day!
I need a two star room, free parking included. 
Yes I have two options in the north and on in the east, any preference?
No preference, either will do.
ashley hotel in Northe part of town
Yes I need it for 5 nights from Tuesday for 6 people.
I'm sorry but that booking did not go through. Shall I try another hotel for you?
Yes one in the same price range.
I was able to book you at express by holiday inn cambridge, your reference number is MSGBHKWK, is there anything else that I can assist with?
No thank you. That will be all.
Okay thank you for calling. Enjoy your stay.
I will. Have a nice day.
So happy I was able to help. Good-Bye. 
I'm looking for a train on Tuesday to arrive in Cambridge by 19:00, can you help me please?
Sure! Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge.
I'm sorry,I'm confused. You are leaving from Cambridge to go to Cambridge?
No.  I am leaving from Cambridge to go to Broxbourne. 
Train TR0189 arrives at 18:01. Should I reserve tickets for that one?
Sure please make a booking for 4 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : V7H3P3G7. anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a 2-star hotel in the west part of town.
There are no 2 star hotels in the west part of town. Would you like to expand the search to 2 star hotels in other parts of the city?  
Will you check to see if there are any in the north?
I have the lovell lodge it is located in the north and is moderately priced with 2 stars.  Would you like to reservations there?
sure, for the same group of people on sunday
Ok and I need a reference number please
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre what serves world food.
I'm sorry, but there are no foods in the centre that serve World Food. Would you like to try another area or a different type of food?
I would like a gastropub then if you have one open.
I would suggest The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar.  Great food.  It is located on Corn Exchange Street.
What is the price range?
It is moderately priced. Would you like me to make a reservation?
no, just give me the address
Sure, the address is on Corn Exchange Street, post code cb23qf. Can I do anything else for you today?
I do need to get from Stevenage to Cambridge on Saturday. I'd like to leave shortly after 09:45, if possible.
TR9024 leaves at 09:54, would that one work?
Yes, that would work out great.  I need to book the trip for four people.  Can I get a reference number too please?
Reference number is : 1QXKJN3D. Is there anything else?
No, that's all I need right now. Thank you so much.
You're welcome, have a great day and goodbye! 
Can you help me find a restaurant?
It would be my pleasure. What type of food are you in the mood for?
I would love some North American food! 
We have one option, the gourmet burger kitchen, they are in the centre area and the pricing is expensive, can I book you?
Yes, just myself at 11:45 on monday please.
I have made that reservation and your reference number is 0X0N3WV0.
Thanks so much.  Can you help me find a place to stay in that area as well?
What area are you looking to stay in?
The south please.
There are a number of options.  Did you have a price range in mind? 
The price doesn't matter and I don't need free parking. I'd prefer a guesthouse. 
I recommend the aylesbray lodge guest house, it is in the moderate price range and four stars. It's on 5 mowbray road, cb17sr. Would you like me to make a bookin gfor you?
Not yet, do they have internet? And what is their postcode?
Yes they have internet and their postcode is cb17sr. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi. It should leave the guesthouse and arrive at the restaurant by 11:45 please. Please include the contact number and car type.
Can you please give me the name of your departure and name of your desination?
I am leaving from the restaurant.
Just to be clear, do you want to be picked up at the gourmet burger kitchen, or is that your destination?
I am leaving from the aylesbray lodge guest house to get to the gourmet burger kitchen by my reservation at 11:45. Please book.
I also need to know when you want to leave.
I am leaving from the aylesbray lodge guest house to get to the gourmet burger kitchen by my reservation at 11:45. Please book
Okay, I have you booked in a blue Audi.  The contact number is 07920692950.  Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything today.
I was glad to assist you today.
Can you help me find a train leaving Cambridge, to arrive by 12:00?
Where is your destination?
I am going to Ely.
On what day will you be travelling?
Actually, I need to go Birmingham New Street and will be traveling on Friday.
I have train TR3732 arriving at 11:44 that is the closest I have to 12:00. 
That is perfect.  Can you book 1 seat for me please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : NCZQBZUY.
I am also looking for a guesthouse in the north that has free parking.
acorn guest house would be perfect. Shall I book it ?
yes, please. I want to book it for the same group of people and 4 nights starting from monday.
I am having trouble booking that for you. Lets try others.
How about tuesday?
Yes, I am able to book the Acorn Guest House on Tuesday, for four days. Would you like to process this?
Yes, give me the reference number.
Sorry, my system isn't able to process this right now. You may want to contact the hotel directly.
Okay, thank you. Good bye.
Good bye. Sorry I couldn't help more. Have a great day. 
What is the best cinema in Cambridge you can recommend?
Cineworld and Vue are both excellent. Do you prefer the south or centre of town?
The exact area does not matter.
Cineworld is located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way.
Sounds great. What area is that in? And could you get me the phone number? 
Cineworld is in the South and their number is 00872208000. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train.
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Yes! I am leaving from Cambridge on Tuesday. You need this info.
Alright and when would you want to leave by?
I am going to birmingham new street and want to leave after 21:00
TR5600 leaves at 21:01.  Can I book a seat for you?
How much is it?
The price of the train is 75.10 pounds.
What time does that train arrive?
The train arrives at 23:44.
Okay, I'm all done for today. Thanks, bye
Would you like reservations for the train?
I am looking for a place to dine that has expensive romanian food. 
No I'm sorry. Something else perhaps?
Is there one that serves Chinese instead? 
I'm showing 9 entries throughout the area.  Do you have a preference between center, north, east, or south?
I have no preference.  I just need to book it for 8 at 12:45 on Thursday.
I have you booked at Yu Garden. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: D6LEPNCC. Anything else I can do for you?
I guess that will do. How about entertainment venues...what's there in city centre?
There are 44 attractions in the town centre. Do you have  a preference on type?
Yes, I'd like to find more information on entertainment attractions.
I'm sorry, there aren't any in the city centre?  Do you have a different area I can check?
Is there any in the type of college? If so can I have the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee? 
There are 13 different college attractions in the centre area.  Most of them are free, however there are some with entrance fees. Do you have a preference?
I don't really have a preference, no. I'd just like something good. 
corpus christi college is popular, they have an entrance fee of 2 pounds, the address is at king's parade and the number is 01223338000
Thanks, I also need a taxi from the attraction to the restaurant.  I want to arrive by the booked time of 12:45
I was able to book a blue volvo for you, contact number is 07163210966
No, I think that will do it.  Thank you for your assistance.  Goodbye.
You are welcome, have a great trip.  
I have just been robbed and i am seeking assistance
I am sorry to hear that. You can contact the police at 01223358966.  The address is Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG. Can I help you futher?
That was everything. Thanks
You are quite welcome, thanks for using our services.
Hello, I am looking for a moderate priced place to eat that serves British food in Cambridge.
Would you be interested in a couple of recommendations? I have The Copper Kettle in the centre and Saint Johns Chop House in the west. Both serve great British cuisine.
Can I have The Copper Kettle's phone number and address, please?
Of course! The Copper Kettle's number is 01223323361 and they are located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre.
What is the area for The copper Kettle? 
The Copper Kettle is located in the center of town.
I would like to book a cab please.
Alright. I will need more information first. Where can the taxi pick you up, when would you like to leave, and when do you need to arrive?
I don't care.
I am sorry, I cannot book a taxi for you without this information.
I need a place to stay please. 
I have 33 results for a place to stay. Would you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse? Did you have a preference on location? 
Someplace moderately priced with free wifi on the east side of town would be best.
There are 3 results for a place to stay, would you like me to book you a room now?
Sure. I need to book it for 3 people staying for 4 nights starting sunday. Please provide a reference number. Thanks! 
A and B Guest House meets your criteria so I have booked it for you.  The reference number is N5NTPZKL.  
Thanks. That's everything I need.
All right, if you're sure you don't need a taxi as well, have a very good day, then.
I will.  Thanks for your help.
If you need to book a taxi , please call back. Thank you.
I'd like a train to Cambridge on Friday
I can get you a ticket that leaves london kings cross at 05:17 or do you need a later time than that?
Yes, I would need to leave after 08:00 please.
Can I just confirm your departure station please?
Sorry, I will be leaving from Norwich.
I have train TR3292 leaving norwich at 8:16 and arriving in cambridge at 9:35. Would you like to make a reservation for this train?
That sounds good. Can you book it for 7 people? 
Yes I will book it for 7 people, and give you the reference number.
Okay, well, let me know when you have that.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 123.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9F6CEFRF.
Perfect, thank you!  I'm also looking for a restaurant called Kohinoor.  Can you help me with that as well?
74 Mill Road City Centre is its address 
What is the post code please?
Kohinoor is in postcode cb12as. Can I help you with anything else?
No. That's all I need for now. Thank you so much.
Your welcome. Please contact us again.
Hi I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse.  Can you help me?
We found 5 guest houses for you, but I need to know your preferred area.
I don't really care about the area, but I would like it to have free parking.
I could recommend the allenbell. It is priced cheap and has 4 stars.
Sounds good, I need rooms for 7 people for 4 nights starting Tuesday.
I have booked the allenbell for you starting on Tuesday for 4 nights for 7 people. Your reference number is IX0QVRB4. Is there anything else I may assist with?
No thank you, that is everything.
Thank you for using our system today!
What can you tell me about an attraction called the Fez Club?
It's a night club in the centre, at the address 8 market passage. It costs 5 pounds to get in. Would you like the phone number or postcode?
Yes, I need the phone number please. 
The number is 01223519224. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train from Cambridge to Stansted Airport. 
What day are you hoping to travel?
From Cambridge? Stansteadthrough the country though. but need to leave on Saturday and arrive n\by 14:30
TR6193 will have you there at 14:08. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
I'm sorry, but I actually need to leave after 16:30. 
What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to arrive by 17:45.
I found one train TR2001 which departs Cambridge at 16:40 and arrives at Stansted Airport at 17:08. Would you like me to book it for you? 
Yes, please book me for that.  I will need one ticket.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 8.08 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TRHSQ5WO.
That will be all. Thank you.
Have a great day, glad to help you.
Hello, I'm looking for a place to stay the night. I'd like a hotel, but nothing fancy, it can have zero stars and that's fine. Do you have any recommendations?
Cityroomz is a hotel in the city center with 0 stars. It's moderately priced. Do you want me to book that for you?
No, I don't need to book a room, but can I get their contact info and location please. Thanks. 
Certainly. Cityroomz is in the centre of town, and their address is Sleeperz Hotel, Station Road, postcode cb12tz. Their phone number is 01223304050. Can I help with anything else?
Do they have internet?
Yes, Cityroomz has internet.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes - are there any restaurants serving international cuisine that are located in the center of town?
Absolutely! There are two in the area - may I suggest The Varsity Restaurant? 
Sure is that in the moderate price range?
Yes it is! Would you like to book there?
Yes, please book for 6 people at 1330 on Wednesday. Can I also have the reference number as well?
Unfortunately, that booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try another time?
What about the other restaurant that serves international cuisine?
Bloomsbury restaurant meets your criteria. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes, I would like to book a table for 6 people at 13:30 on Wednesday.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book you for that time.  Would you like to try another day or another time slot?
No how about trying another restaurant for the same time.
I'm sorry but there are only two international restaurants, is there another type of food you would like?
Could you try it for Tuesday?
I'm sorry, but I was unable to book either restaurant for 1330 on Tuesday either.  Would you consider dining a little earlier or later?
If neither restaurant is available for 13:30, can you try 14:30?  It's later than I wished, but I guess that can't be helped. 
I'm sorry booking for both restaurants at 1430 were unsuccessful would you like to try another time? 
Can you find me a restaurant in the centre of town that has availability for Wednesday at 13:30?
Yes, I've got the Bloomsbury Restaurant at 13:30 for 6 on Wednesday.
Great can you please book that for me, and give me the reference number
I managed to book your table and your reference number is 5ISFHKR3. Can I help you with anything else today?
That will be all today. Thank you very much.
Your welcome, have a nice day.
Hi, I am trying to plan a trip and need some help with a train.  I'm not familiar with trains at all unfortunately.
Don't worry, I should be able to help you. Do you know which station you'll be leaving from or going to?
I'm departing from leicester and I need to leave on friday.  Thank you for helping!
What is your destination?
I'm going to Cambridge. 
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
11 pm and I want it for three people
TR6539 will arrive by 22:54. Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is IE5RK2IG. Do you need anything else?
I also need a place to stay.
We have many great places to stay. What area would you like and do you have a price range? 
Can you help me find a moderately priced restaurant that serves North American food? Thanks.
Unfortunately, I am unable to locate a moderately priced North American restaurant. I did find an expensive one, would you be interested in that?
No. How about Italian food?
Sure.  There are five moderately priced italian restaurants.  Would you prefer a certain part of town?
Perhaps the center? But I don;t think I have a preference.
Pizza Express is a great place that serves moderately priced Italian in the city centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes. Please reserve for 5 people on Sunday at 15:00. 
I was able to book for you. Do you need a reference number?
Yes, I do need it.  I'm also looking for a train that goes to Leicester after 18:30.  Is there anything available?
What day do you need to leave?
I need to leave on monday and depart from cambridge. 
There are 5 different trains on that day. Would you like me to book one of them? 
Yes please. I just need tickets for all 5 of us. as close to 18:30 as possible.
the train id is TR0335. Booking was successful, the total fee is 189 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is  : 13V7H457.
Thanks that's all I need today
Thank you for contacting us and have a great day.
I was wondering if you can tell me more about a particular hotel called the a and b guest house. 
Yes, the a and b guest house is a moderately priced 4-star rated property located in east cambridge.
May I get the phone number?
The phone number is 01223315702. Can I get you anything else?
yeah, what area of town is it in?
It's located in the east area of town.
I also need to book a train to go to Stasted Airport on Wednesday. 
Sure where will you be leaving from?
I need to leave from Cambridge.
What time schedule do you need to meet?  And how many tickets?
I need to to get to Stansted Airport by 10:30 on Wednesday please.
The TR1085 meets your criteria. How many tickets would you like?
I just need the travel time and departure time please.
The travel time is 28 minutes and the departure time is 9:40. Can I help you with anything else today?
no that would be it thanks !
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for a place to stay with free wifi.
Certainly.  What part of town are you wanting to stay in?
The north part of town please.  Are there any guesthouses?
We have ten such places.
Great! Could you book one of those for Sunday for me?
I'm sorry, there isn't anything available for Sunday. Would a different day work?
How about just 1 night?
I'm sorry there are no rooms available for that day at all. Would it be possible for your to book another day?
I really need a room for 4 people on Sunday.
I'm not sure we're going to be able to help you get a room on Sunday. Can you restate your requirements?
I need a hotel on sunday for 4 people for 3 nights.  I need the hotel to be a guesthouse with free wifi. 
I actually attempted all ten guesthouses with the booking instructions, all of them are unsuccesful.  May need to try hotels or different area to move forward.
Try hotels in the north, then.
The rooms are booked then , shall I try a shorter stay?
Ok, can you try for just 1 night please? 
I was able to get you in for one night at the Acorn Guest House, reference number 2T2WBNRP. Sorry it took so long. Is there anything else I can help with?
I also am looking to dine out. Something European, and expensive. 
There are 5 different expensive European restaurants in town. Is there a particular area you would like to eat in?
Nearest the hotel will be fine, I also need a cab after the restaurant
City Stop Restaurant is the european restaurant in the north near your hotel. Where would you like the taxi to take you after the restaurant?
I would like to go back to the hotel after eating
Can you tell me what time you would like the taxi to pick you up from the restaurant?
I would like to book the City Stop Restaurant for 4 people on Sunday at 15:45. I need the taxi to get from the hotel to the restaurant by that time.
Okay your all set! Reference number is 9ABQGPGT. Anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute between both places, and could you make sure it arrives at the restaurant by the booked time?
I have booked a yellow lexus, contact number 07327430362. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all. Thank you! You were so helpful!
You're welcome. Have a great day! 
I 'm looking for a theatre in town.
What part of town were you interested in?
It doesn't matter what part of town, If you have one you would recommend and let me know the entrance fee, that would be great.
The Cambridge Arts Theatre is located in the centre area.  However, the entrance fee is currently unavailable.  
What does "currently unavailable" mean?
Not Available means I am not able to see the price of the entrance fee.  Unfortunately all the theatre's are hiding there fee's.  Anything else I can do?
I also need a train going from Cambridge to Peterborough on Sunday.
Can you tell me if there is a time you want to leave by or arrive by? 
I need to leave on Sunday and arrvie by 14:16.  
OKay I will work on looking this up for you.
There will be 8 of us traveling, by the way.
train tr9327 leaves at 13:06 and gets you there by 13:56. I have booked you 8 tickets. Reference number is : ZKGGRI1B Anything else I can do? 
No, thank you. That's all I need this morning. 
Have a nice day, goodbye.
i am  looking for information in Cambridge.
What area are you wanting to stay?
I am actually looking for a train to Stansted Airport.
Can you please tell me where you will be departing from and what time and day?
I'll be flying out of the country from stansted airport on Tuesday. I need to get there at least by 13:30
TR7293 will arrive there at 12:08.
Great. I also need a place to stay that is a cheap guesthouse.
There's the allenbell, that's located in the east side of town at 517a coldham lane. 
Please reserve a room for 1.
On what day would you like to arrive?
Friday, 4 nights. Reference number please.
Your reference number is 9IQ2K2DW. 
Thank you so much, that's all. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am  traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to try local restaurants.
I can help!  What kind of food are you looking for?
Still deciding, can I set up a train ride first?  If would be from londons kings cross to cambridge, on saturday leaving after 11:00AM.
The TR7309 leaves after 11:00. If you'd like to make a booking, I'll need to know how many tickets you'd like. 
I need 4 tickets. How much will that be?
The tickets are each 18.88 so 75.52 in total
Ok. Can you complete the booking for 4 people and then give me the reference number?
I was able to book you. Your reference number is H9AGMLJM.
Yes, I would like to find a place to eat. Please find me a moderately priced restaurant in the centre.
there are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the city centre. do you have a preference on cuisine?
Nothing specific, anything in the centre is fine. 
May I recommend the very popular Efes restaurant serving turkish food in the centre of town in the moderate price range.
That sounds like a great place to eat. Can I get their phone number?
The phone number is 01223500005 .  Would you like me to call and make a booking for you?
No, thank you. That will be all. 
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all for today. Thank you!
you are very welcome. have a great day.
And you as well, You've been a great help!
Let us know if you need anything else.
We want to explore a park in Cambridge. 
We have 5 parks. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I would like it to be in the south part of town. Please provide their phone number, postcode, and entrance fee. Thanks.
You can visit Wandlebury country park. The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham and the post code is cb223ae.
What is the phone number and how much does it cost to get in ?
There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223243830. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a train that will depart from cambridge and should go to london kings cross.
How about train TR5767 that leaves at 05:00 on Friday?
No, that doesn't work for me. I need a train that leaves after 11:00 on Wednesday
Train TR9781 leaves at 11:00 on Wednesday would you like me to book that train for you?
Yep I only need one ticket and the reference number please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 23.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : Q7Q9W4IN. is there anything else i can help you with?
No thanks. That's all I needed.
Okay, let us know if you need anything else. 
That was all thanks for your help today.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
i am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital with neurology department
The number for the neurology department is 01223274680. Do you need the address?
Yes and the postcode
The postcode is CB20QQ.
I need the address also please.
It is Hills Rd, Cambridge.
All right. Thanks.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all. Thank You
Thank you for using our service, have a great day.
I am looking for a hospital in town.
Addenbrookes Hospital is close by.
Sounds good. What's the phone number, address, and postcode for the hospital?
The main phone number for the hospital is 01223245151. The address and postcode is Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ.
Excellent. That's all I need.
Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town. I would like the name and phone number.
grafton hotel restaurant serves british food in the expensive price range and in the east part of town.  and the phone number is 01223 241387
Thanks, goodbye. 
Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for places to go, preferably a college.
christ's college is in the center of town and free to enter.
Can you provide me with the area, phone number and address of Christ's College please?
Christ's College is located in the centre of cambridge in postal code, cb23bu. It is on saint andrew's street. The phone number is 01223334900. Is there anything else?
Yes, I would also like too book a train to Stevenage, I would like for it to arrive by 19:15. 
Where would you like to depart from, and what day?
I'm departing from cambridge on friday.
TR0217 departs cambridge at 17:21 on friday and arrives at stevenage at 18:10. Would you like to book tickets on this train?
Yes that sounds like it will work for us, please book me 7 tickets and provide a reference number.
Great! You're booked with reference number 826WFFTU. The total fee is 89.6 GBP payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
That is all I need right now. Thank you for all of your help!
Great!  Well, thanks for calling! You have a good day!
I am looking for somewhere to go in the east. 
There's a boat dock, museums, or some entertainment venues in the east. Do any of those sound interesting?
My bad, I meant the west.
There are some great colleges in the west.  Or perhaps the Museum of Classical Archeology?
What is the address?
They are located on Sidgwick Avenue and they have free entrance. Anything else I can help you with today? 
Thanks so much. What type of attraction are they? 
They are museums.
I need a train going to bishops stortford leaving after 16:15. I need eight tickets and the reference number please.
Where will you be leaving from?
I will be coming from Cambridge.
What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on friday.
Okay your train reference number is YXCN2XHO. Is there anything else you need?
No that's all for today, thank you. 
Have a very nice day and thank you for calling.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of theatre.
How about the Mumford Theatre located at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road, postcode cb11pt?  I love that one.
That sounds perfect. How much is the entrance fee?
I do not know the entrance fee. You can call 08451962320 for more information.
Can you also find finches bed and breakfast?
Yes I can.  You will find it on the west side of town, at 144 thornton road.  Can I book you or assist with anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Are you sure you do not want me to book you a room?
Where is the closest pizza joint? 
What area of town will you be in?
Well, I'm wanting to visit a park as well.  Let's find that first.  
Wandlebury Country Park is in the South.  It is very nice.  There is also Cherry Hinton Water Play in the East. Do either of those sound suitable?
Wandlebery sounds good, can I get the phone number, area, and postcode?
Wandlebury country park is in the south area, postcode cb223ae and phone is 01223243830.
Can you book it for me?
It is a public park. You can just walk through it without a booking.
Okay great thanks so much. 
Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
I need a cheap hotel for 8 people 2 nights starting Tuesday please
I am happy to book, but lets find you a place.  Any preference on area?  Are ratings or type of place a factor?
I'd like to find something in the south. It also needs to have free parking.
Rosa's bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the south. It has 4 stars and provides free wifi and parking. Does this sound OK to you?
Yes please. Can you please book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday?
Sure thing. I just booked it. Your ref number is Q2JZ0UIL.
Thank you so much. 
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all. Thanks for your help today.
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at that has a 4 star rating. Can you help?
Sure, we have many. Are you looking for anything else specifically?
Yes, I need internet and free parking. 
To help narrow this down, can you tell me what area of town you'd like most?
Yes, I would like to be in the north. Oh and I would like to be in the expensive price range.
unfortunately i don't have anything that meets all those criteria. is there anything you'd like to change?
No I will figure something out 
Is there something else I may be able to help you with today?
I lied. I don't need free internet and parking. 
One more time let me know exactly what you need by looking at what you wrote down on your right, so we can book you.
i need an expensive hotel in the north
There are no hotels that meet that criteria. Would you like to search for something else?
A moderate price range. I need 2 nights beginning Monday and the reference number. Also looking for a train, same people same day as hotel and reference number as well.
There are 9 options. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel? 
I prefer a guesthouse please. I only need it for myself for 2 nights starting from monday.
May I recommend the Acorn Guest House at 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to book a room for 1, for 2 nights starting Monday?
Yes, please. I would also like the reference number.
Would you like me to book it for you ?
 I would like to see a museum while I am in Cambridge.
We have many types of museums.  Were you interested in archaeology or art, or did you have a specific one in mind. Or a particular part of the city?
Archaeology. Give me the address, please. 
Sure thing. You can find the museum of classical archaeology on sidgwick avenue.
Could you give me a more specific address? I also need an expensive restaurant in the center.
What type of food would you like?
i don't care, but I'd like expensive food
Can you tell me what kind of food you are in the mood for? 
I don't really have a preference, just make sure it's expensive and in the centre. 
I recommend the Eraina which is a European restaurant. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes, book a table for 2 people at 19:15 on Sunday.
Ok.  I was able to book a table for you.  Your reference number is BTKETES2.
Thank you for your help!
Is there anything further I can assist you with?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
It was a pleasure serving you, goodbye!
Yeah, I'm going to be looking for some british food.
There are several restaurants close to your location, how about one called, restaurant one seven? The restaurant is located on De Vere Univeristy Arms Regent Street City Centre. 
Are any of those options located in the centre of town? 
Yes, Restaurant One Seven is located in the centre of town, as are 4 other restaurants with British food.
Is it expensive? I'd like to really paint the town red!
It is in a moderate price range.
Is there a restaurant in the Centre that serves British food and is in the expensive price range?
Yes, there are 3 - Fitzbillies Restaurant, The Cambridge Chop House, and Midsummer House Restaurant. My favorite is Midsummer House Restaurant - utterly decadent! May I reserve a table for you?
Yes. Reserve a table for 1 person at 16:30 on Tuesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LIF9IWL5. Anything else.
Yes, i'm looking for places to go in the same town as the restaurant, any ideas and may I know the entrance fee, if there is one please?
There are 44 attractions in your area. Can you let me know what type of attraction you are interested in.
Any type is fine, so please list all 44 attractions. 
all saints church is a great place. Would you like to know more ?
Just whether or not they have an entrance fee.
No it's free to enter, anything else?
Just a taxi to get me from the church to the restaurant by the reservation time.
Great. I was able to book your ride for you. Your driver will be in a yellow Volvo and you can reach them at 07341534913.
Cool, thank you! I won't be needing anything else. Have a good day!
Great, I hope you have a lovely time in town!
Hi, I'd like to find a museum please.
We have many museums in town - what area are you interested in?
I don't mind but I'd prefer something in the east
How does Cambridge Artworks sound? It is located on 5 Greens Road and there is no entrance fee?
What is the postcode?
Sure their postcode is cb13ef. Is there anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome, have a wonderful day. 
I am looking for cinemas in the east
There are no cinemas in the East. Would you like me to look in a different area?
No. Is there a park?
There is 1 park in the east. The Cherry Hinton Water Play park near Cherry Hinton Hall.  Would you like the phone number?
Just the entrance fee, thank you. 
The Cherry Hinton Water Play Park offers free admission. Is there anything more I can help with? 
Yes, I want to find out about da vinci pizzeria please.
Sure, this is an inexpensive Italian restaurant in the north, located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton.  Would you like a reservation? 
Yes, please, a table for 8 on Thursday. We'd like to dine at 12:45.
Your reservation was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GBZVHZAM. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to take me from the water park to the restaurant by my reservation time, please. 
Ok I made that taxi reservation.  It's a blue toyota and the contact numner is 07403878307.
Thank you very much.
Can I help you with anything more today?
That is all I need today. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome, have a great day.
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge I am looking for places to go in centre.
What type of attraction are you looking for?
Anything, really, just trying to kill some time. What's your favorite attraction?
There are churches, boats, cinemas, museums and colleges in the city centre.  Would you like information on any of them?
Surprise me! Can you send me the postcode of the attraction you choose?
You should go see Holy Trinity Church, the stained glass there is simply amazing.  The postcode is cb23nz.  Can I help you with anything more today?
Yes - I am also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the same area.
There are 21 different restaurants that match your criteria. Do you have a type of food you prefer?
any food will be just fine.Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for 7 people at 13:30 on friday. If the booking fails how about 12:30. Make sure you get the reference number
Just to confirm before making a booking: How about Yippee Noodle Bar?  It is in the centre of town and moderately priced.  Would you like this booked?
Yes, 7 people at 13:30 on friday.
I'm sorry but that was unsuccessful. Can I try a different restaurant?
How about 12:30? Are there any tables open then?
Yes. they have a table available at 12:30. Your reference number is IB76ZC58. Would you like to write down their address and phone number?
No thank you, I think that will be all I need. 
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a good day!
Would you be able to help me find a train for Friday?
Gladly. Where are you headed?
I need a train that departs Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday leaving after 18:30.
The first train running that route after 18:30 is the TR8118, leaving at 19:21.
That sounds great.  Can you please book 5 tickets?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : QAF9QUO2.
Okay thank you for your help.
I'm more than happy to have been of service. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would also like to visit a college.
Do you have a specific college in mind? Or do you prefer a certain area of town?
I would like one in the centre please. 
christ's college, corpus christi, king's college, and pembroke college are some of the colleges in that area.
Can I get the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode of one of them?
Sure, Christ's College is free admission and their phone number is 01223334900.
Thank you. I also need the postcode please.
cb23bu is the postcode. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you, goodbye. 
i am glad i have been of help. good bye
I need an expensive place to stay. 
There are several options. Which part of town would you like?
Please look in the centre of town. 
What star rating would you like?
I don't have a star rating preference but it needs to have free wifi.
I have Gonville Hotel at Gonville Place.  Would you like to book a room there?
Yes can you please book four nights starting thursday 
I will be happy to book a room for you for four nights starting Thursday. Is there anything else I can help you with?  
I will need you to make that reservation and provide a reference number.
And how many people do you need the reservation for?
Actually I changed my mind just 2 nights for 5 people
Booking was successful. Reference number is : UJUMJ5OS. Anything else you need?
Yes, I need the postcode for Bangkok city restaurant please.
The postcode is cb23jx. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
No, thanks, but I will be needing a taxi.
I can book a taxi I just need the following information the travel time, departure site and the arrival destination.
Nee to go from the hotel and the restaurant. I should leave by 2:15.
I have booked you a taxi at 2:15. The car is a white skoda and the contact number is 07572703155. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
Have a lovely day, goodbye.
I want to take a train to Cambridge on Friday, what's available? 
I found 202 trains. What is your departure station?
I would like the departure station to be broxbourne. 
I have a train leaving that station at 09:32 and arriving at 10:32, if that's acceptable?
No, I need something that gets there by 9:45.
I have train TR3005 that arrives at 09:32,would that be good for you?
Yes, I need the reference number.   I am also looking for a place to eat in the south area, preferable italian.
There are two restaurants that are Italian, Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton, and Franky and Bennys.  The reference number for your train is  0EG8EWWR.
Pick one of those. I need it for the same amount of people at 17:15 on the same day.
I'm sorry, both of those restaurants are fully booked for the time requested. May I check another restaurant for you?
Okay. Can you find another Italian restaurant?
There are many italian restaurants not in the south of town, do you have another area preference?
Not really. Please make a recommendation.
There is a Pizza Express that is in the Centre area. It is in the moderate category. Would you like me to try to book that?
Yes. It will just me at 17:15 on Friday.
I was able to book it, the reference number is PPXQDNOM.
Terrific.  I appreciate your help.  Good bye!
You're welcome! Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great day!
I am visiting Cambridge and need a place to stay in the moderate range that has free internet. 
I have 17 entries that meet your needs. Can you tell me what area of town you wish to stay in?
The hotel should be in the north
There are 2 hotels and 8 guesthouses in the north that are moderately priced. May I recommend Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? They're a 4 star guesthouse with free Internet and parking.
ok, that's fine. i want to book a room there.
What day do you need booked for and how many days will you be staying?
I'll be staying for 3 nights starting on saturday.
Great! How many people will be staying?
I need it for 2 people.
I have made the reservations for you the reference number is 2KS3IN63.
Great. I also am looking for somewhere to go near the hotel. Preferably an architecture attraction that I can visit nearby.
I'm not finding any architecture attractions in the north. Would you like a different type of attraction?
How about a swimmingpool?
How about jesus green outdoor pool? I hear it's lovely
May I have the phone number and postcode ?
post code cb43px, and you can call them at 01223302579.  Do you need further information?
Yes, I am going to need a ride there. Can you help me reserve a taxi?
Definitely I have arranged a Red Tesla to pick you up at 2:00. The contact number is 07682046722. Does that work for you?
It does Thank You have a good day.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not today, thank you!
You're welcome, have a great time.
 I would like to find somewhere with expensive Kosher food.
I'm not seeing any expensive Kosher restaurants, would you like to try a different price range perhaps?
Sure. I also need the restaurant to be in the center.
Sorry it looks like there are no kosher restaurants in any price range in town at all. Would you like another food type?
Sure, let's try Italian instead. 
There are 4 expensive Italian restaurants in the center of town. I suggest Caffe Uno at 32 Bridge Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation? 
Caffe Uno sounds great. Can I get their phone number, please? 
Their phone number is 01223448620. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been very helpful. Thank you!  Good bye.
Thank you, goodbye.
I am staying in the centre of cambridge, can you tell me about places to go there?
Sure, what type of place interests you?
It doesn't matter but can I get their entrance fee.
Castle Galleries is located in the centre of town and are free to enter.
OK, that sounds great. I also need a train to get me to Cambridge.
I have several options but if you let me know your preferred departure point, day and time i can recommend the best option for you.
I will be departing from Kings Lynn on Saturday.
i found 19.what time would you like to go
I need to leave after 20:00.
I have 4 trains that match your criteria.  The first leaves at 20:11, then 21:11. 22:11 and 23:11.  Which one would you like to book?
Please book the one for 21:11 please.
Okay. Booking was successful. Your reference number is CJNO95ZP. Anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks!
Have a great day. 
Can you help? I'm in need of a taxi. I'm trying to get from hobsons house to royal spice.
When would you like to leave by?
I want to leave after 18:30 please
07821922219 is the number for your Blue ford taxi. 
Great, thank you! That's all I need today
You have a great day.
What is the local hospital?
That is Addenbrookes Hospital, Hills Rd, postcode CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151.
Thank you. That is all I need today.
Have a great day!
Thanks you too. 
Thank you, goodbye!
Yeah, what can you tell me about Archway House?
It's on the north side of town and in the moderate price range.
I need to book a stay for 5 nights for 6 people there.
Certainly! What day would you like to arrive?
I would like to travel on Friday.
I have made your reservations. Your reference number is JZ930ED7.
Thanks! I would also like to book a train that goes to cambridge after 10:15 and leaves from birmingham new street on friday
ok, the TR0044 leaves at 10:40. do you need a ticket?
Before booking I need to make sure that train meets my needs.  May I please get the arrival time of that train and the price?
it arrives at 13:23 and will cost you 75.10 pounds
Okay, thanks so much...that's all I need! Have a great day!
Thank you for using our service, goodbye!
I need to book a train to cambridge on wednesday
Understood. Where do you want to depart from and by when do you want to arrive?
I'm leaving on Wednesday from Stevenage.
There are 10 results. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 12:30 please.
train TR7411 leaves at 13:54. would that be good?
Possibly.  What is the price for that ticket? 
The price of that ticket would be 12.80 pounds.  Would you like me to reserve your ticket?
could you tell me how long the train ride will be?
The travel time is 49 minutes. What else would you like to know?
That's all the information, about the train, that I need right now. Can you help me find a restaurant that serves Indian food?
Definitely! My favorite is Tandoori Palace, which is in the center and expensive. If you want something a little cheaper, I recommend Kohinoor.
Let's go for Tandoori Palace. I need a reservation for 2 people at 20:15 on Wednesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4ZBNKZ8U.
Was it booked for 2 people?
Yes it was booked for 2 people reference number 4ZBNKZ8U.
Fantastic.  That is all. 
Enjoy your visit! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I would like a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
golden wok is  a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town
Is there anything else?
The Nirala is moderately priced restaurant in the north of town as well.
What kind of food does The Nirala serve?
The Nirala serves Indian 
What is their phone number?
The phone number for the nirala is 01223 360966.  Can I help you with anything else today? 
No, thank you. I have all the information that I need now.
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
Good bye
Goodbye. 
I need a train to Ely, please.
What day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving Sunday after 19:30.
Can I ask where you are leaving from?
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Sunday after 19:30.
I have train TR3544 leaving at 19:50 and arriving by 20:07. Would this work for you? 
No need to book it.
OK. Can I help you with anything else today, then?
Yes.  I am looking for places to go on the west side of town.
Yes I have many colleges there. Can I suggest something for you?
Can you suggest some good architecture attractions?
Unfortunately, I'm not showing any architecture attractions in the west area.  Would you like me to look in another area?
What type of colleges are available?
There are five colleges on the west side. Churchill college, Clare hall, and Magdalene college all have free admission. Do any of those interest you?
Clare Hall sounds like it would be nice. Can I get their phone number please? 
The phone number is 01223332360. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that is all I need. Thank you for your help. Goodbye. 
It was a pleasure to assist you. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye. 
I am looking for a train that leaves on Wednesday, going to Bishops Stortford.  
TR4404 departs cambridge at 05:29 and arrives at 06:07 in Bishops Stortford. Would you like me to book it?
That's pretty early.  Would there be a later train that arrives by 15:00?  
TR3844 departs Cambridge Wednesday at 13:29 and arrives in Bishops Stortford by 14:07. Would you like to reserve a seat?
No. How long will the train take?
That train ride will take approximately 38 minutes.
Thanks. I also need a particular hotel. Its name is ashley hotel
Do you need me to book this for you?
Yes. Book for 5 people, 5 nights starting on Friday. 
I was able to book the room for you, your reference number is A6WU1HRS. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all. Thanks!
Glad I could help!
I'm planning a visit to Cambridge and I want to know when a train that is leaving Monday will take me to Broxbourne.
Okay, there are many departures on Monday, is there a certain time of departure you had in mind?
Yes, it should leave after 9:00.
Alright, you have fifteen options. These trains depart one minute after the hour every hour, starting at 9:01 and running until 23:01. Would you like me to book a ticket?
I will need tickets for 3 people and also the reference number please.
I have booked 3 tickets on TR1213 for you which leaves at 9:01 Monday, the reference number is SJXQORH2.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for an attraction called sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway.
Sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway is located south.  The address is fen causeway, newnham road.  The entry fee is free. Anything else I can help with?
Can I get the entrance fee and phone number please?
There is no entrance free and the phone number is 01223302580. Will that be all you need help with this afternoon? 
That's all I need. Thank You.
Great! Thanks for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
I am looking for a place to stay in the east.
What price range are you looking for?
It doesn't matter as long as it has free parking.  Are there any with 5 stars?
There are several places available, however, I do not know if they have free parking, but they do have parking. Are you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse type place to stay. 
It doesn't matter to me whether it's a guesthouse or hotel, but I really want it to have free parking. Can you check on that again, please?
I'm sorry there are no hotels that  match that criteria. Would you like to try something with a different number of stars?
Can you try a 4 star hotel instead, please?
There are 5 guesthouse's that meet that criteria. Do you have a preference on the price range?
I don't care about the price range. Can you book it for 4 nights? There will be 7 of us and we will be arriving on Friday.
I was able to book a room at Carolina bed and breakfast, the reference number is 168T25C6. Is there anything else you need help with?
That is all I needed, thanks for all your help.
You are welcome! Have a nice day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge
Of course, are you looking for a hotel or attraction to visit?
Neither. I am looking for a train departing from Leicester and going to Cambridge that's leaving Saturday after 08:30.
The TR8070 train leaves Leicester for Cambridge on Saturday at 09:09. This is the most appropriate choice for your needs. Would you like me to book it?
No thanks, I was needing the train ID but you already gave that to me. Thanks so much.
If there's nothing else I can do for you, have a great stay.
I'm looking for a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with four stars. 
We have several 4 star guesthouses.  What side of town are you looking to stay in?  Any budget in mind?
I'd like a moderately priced place please.
We have 11 moderately priced guesthouses that are 4 stars.  What area do you want to stay in?
If you could recommend any one of them that would be great. I need the postcode, phone number and the area the hotel is in please. 
Sure, I can do that.  Did you want to narrow it to a specific area of town? 
Area of town doesn't matter.
I have quite a few, when were you planning your stay?
The same time.
a and b guest house would meet this criteria. It is located in the east. The phone number is 01223315702. The post code is cb12dp. Will that be all?
Yes, that's everything. Thanks for your help!
Thanks for using our service!
Do you have information on all restaurants?  I'm looking for a certain one.
There are 110 entries. Is there a type of food you are searching for?
i want to book a table for 4 people at 16:15 on Tuesday in a restaurant called little seoul. please provide me with the reference number
Your booking was successful and the reference number is V44G1K2D.  They will hold your table for 15 minutes on Tuesday at 16:15.  Is there anything else?
Yes. I am looking for a 3-star guesthouse.
There are four different guesthouses that meet your requirements.  Did you want it in a specific area? 
Yes it must have Wifi and be moderately priced
The bridge guest house is available. Would you like me to book it?
Yes, please. For the same number of people, 2 nights, and the same day. I will also need a reference number.
I was able to book that for you and your reference number is 2399P9ME.
Thank you. I will need a taxi to get from one place to the other, please.
Will you be leaving from the guesthouse and need a taxi for 4?
Yes, just as long as I'm at the restaurant in time for the reservations.
The taxi picking you up will be a black ford Contact number	:	07355341802. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all for now. Thank you
Thank you for using our services.
You are welcome for using your services. Goodbye now. 
Okay, have a good trip goodbye
Hi, I'm looking a 4 star place to stay on the northside.
There are 8 4 star guesthouses on the north side. Do you have a preference on price range?
No but I need it to have free parking.
How about the Kirkwood House? It is a 4 star guesthouse on the north side of town with free wifi and free parking.
That sounds good. I need to book a 3 night reservation for four people to check in on Friday.
I'm sorry, it seems there wasn't a room available, after all. Shall we try another hotel?
Yes what are the other options?
I found you a room at the Acorn Guest House on Chesterton Road.  The reference number is Z0BKPDDZ.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Great can you book that for 7 people for 3 nights starting friday?
The booking was successful for 7 people for 3 nights at acorn guest house  .  Your reference# is  NUYR7OQG. Is there anything else?
No thank you. Good bye.
Goodbye. Enjoy your trip. 
I'm looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking.
There are 3 hotels which fit your needs. One is cheap and 2 are expensive. Do you have a preference?
Yes, I would like a cheap guesthouse.
There are several guesthouses that meet your criteria. Is there a particular part of town you wish to stay?
No, but I am trying to find rooms for a party of 8 for 2 nights. Could you see who has room for us?
Would you like to try the Alexander Bed and Breakfast first?
Yes, that would be fine.
All right, and can you tell me which day you'll be beginning your stay?
We'll arrive on Monday and stay 2 nights. There will be 8 of us.
You are all set at the Alexander B & B.  Reference number M95XHCDT.  Can I find anything else for you today?
Wonderful,  thank you. I am all set.  Bye.
Thank you, let us know if you need anything else. Good bye.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of entertainment.
Sure, there are plenty of places.  Would you like a particular kind of attraction? 
What do you recommend?
We don't have an entertainment type attraction in town centre, maybe something else?
How about a college?
i have 15 colleges in the centre of town. did you want to pay admission or would you like to enter free?
Either is fine, can you suggest one for me to visit?
I would suggest christ's college.
Could I have the address please?
christ's college is nice their address is saint andrews street and it's free to get in
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a hotel with free parking and a moderate price.
Which area are you looking for?
The area does not matter.
Okay how about the acorn guest house in the north?
I actually prefer a hotel, rather than a guesthouse.
We have two moderately priced hotels in the city: Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge, both offering internet and parking. Would you like to book in either hotel?
Yes, please book the Ashley Hotel. I need a booking for 7 people for 4 nights, starting from Friday.
Okay, I've got that booked for you.  Your reference number is 64QSFKBM.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like a taxi to take me from Christ's College to the restaurant. 
What time will you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave Christ College by 15:15. 
look out for a white honda. the contact is 07153999224
Thank you so much, that's all I need today.
thanks for using our service and have a great day
You have a great day too
Thanks. And if anything more comes up that you'd like help with or information about, don't hesitate to reach out again! Goodbye.
I need to book a nice expensive restaurant in the centre please.
There are several nice expensive restaurants in the centre area.  Is there a particular food type that interests you most?
I don't have a preference. I need a table booked for six people at 13:45 on Thursday, though. 
I am sorry none of the listings have tables available for that time, is there another time that will work?
How about 12:45 instead?
Sure. Kymmoy, a good Asian Oriental restaurant has space. You are reserved and your reference number is L7HRCY1K. Can I help with anything else?
I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge and leaves after 21:45.
I can help you with that. What is your destination?
It is stansted airport.
How about the 22:40 train? It gets in at 23:08. Does that work?
Yes I need the price also.
10.10 pounds, and it's TR3864
Thank you. That is all for now. 
Are you certain I can't help with anything else right now?
No, that is all I need, thank you. 
Thank you so much for using our service. Have a good day. Goodbye. 
I need a room, in the south, free wifi. 
I have one hotel and three guesthouses on the southside. Would you like a certain price range or star rating?
The price range and star rating is not important to me. 
Do you need it to have free parking?
No, you can just pick whatever you would recommend.  Can you book a room for 6 people starting on Saturday for 4 nights?
Ok, let's book The Lensfield Hotel for you Saturday for 6 people for 4 nights.
Great. Can I have the reference number for that reservation?
I've booked you at the Lensfield with reference number is PKEIHXCW. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all.  Thank you
Glad I could help. Enjoy your stay.
We will. Have a good day.
Thank you so much . Enjoy your stay.
You have been super helpful. Good-Bye.
Thank for using our service. Goodbye!
I need an indian restaurant in the centre.
Curry garden has good reviews and serves Indian food in the centre of town.
I would like it to be in the expensive range of food, is that place expensive?
Yes, it's expensive. Would that work for you?
Could you give me the phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223302330 and their postcode is 	cb21dp.
Great. Thank you! That is all I need.
Glad to be of assistance.  Have a great day.  Bye.
I am looking for a train going to stevenage and departing from cambridge.
There are 70 trains, what day and time would you like to go?
I would like to arrive by 17:00 on Monday.
There are 6 trains available. What time would you like to depart?
Departure time doesn't matter, I just want to arrive by 17:00 Monday. 
In that case, the TR2045 may be the train you want. It pulls into stevenage at 16:10.
Okay, book it for 8 people and get me the reference number. I'm also looking for a college in the south.
I was able to book the train for you. The reference number is NVL339KD. 
I am also interested in visiting some colleges on the southern tip of town. Can you help me find those?
I'm sorry but I don't have any colleges listed in the south. I have plenty in the city center. Would you like to try a different venue or attraction type?
Yes, an entertainment venue would be great. Please give me an address to one you find. 
Nusha is an entertainment venue in the south. The address is unit g6m cambridge leisure park, clifton road.
Okay. Thank you very much that is all I need.
Thank you and have a safe trip. 
Hello, I would like information on museums in town
There are 23 museums to choose from, are you looking for one in a particular area?
Which is your favorite? Get me their phone number, and I'll check them out.
My favorite museum is the Cambridge and County Folk Museum. Their number is 01223355159. Can I help you with anything else?
Maybe you could give me one other option?
Sure. There's also the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology, which is free. They're phone number is 01223333516.
Thanks for your help.
Thank you for contacting the help desk. Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to go in the centre of cambridge that is a museum 
There are 11 museums in the centre of town. Would you like specific information about any of them?
Great! Are there any without an entrance fee? 
Yes, all of have free entrance, would you like more info on them?
Which would you recommend? 
The museum of archaeology and anthropology is a popular site, would like their phone number or address?
Yes, that'd be great.
The phone number is 01223333516 and the address is university of cambridge, downing street with a postcode of cb23dz. Can I help you with anything else?
yes i am also looking for an expensive hotel
What part of town would you prefer?
It doesn't matter. 
There are 5 expensive hotels that I can recommend for you.  Is there anything else you would like to narrow them down?
As long as it has free wifi it's good.
How about huntingdon marriott hotel? They are located in the west and have four stars.
Any three star locations? I'd like an expensive place too.
Yes in the south I have the Lensfield Hotel. Does that interest you?
Does it have free wifi?
It does include free wifi - would you like me to book you a room?
No thank you, could you give their full address?
Their address is 53-57 lensfield road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's everything.  Thanks very much!
Okay.  Have a great stay!
I am looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre of town.
I have 33 restaurants that meet your requests.  Can you tell me what kind of food you are looking for?
The type of food doesn't matter. I just need a table for 3 for Friday night at 19:00.
Would you like me to try and make a reservation for the Cambridge Chop House?
Yes and lets book for next weekend,instead,thank you.
There is no availability at that time. Would you like to try another time or restaurant? 
Can you try to find another restaurant in the same area and pricerange? 
How about Fitzbillies restaurant? It's also an expensive British restaurant in the centre of the city
Yes, try that please. 
Alright, I have your table booked at Fitzbillies restaurant. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: BCVPHB3U. Anything else today?
No thanks, that is everything
No problem.  Enjoy your meal on Friday.  Good bye.
Can you help me find a park in the south?
I have 2. Sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway and wandlebury country park. Would you like more information on one?
Yes. Can I have the address to Wandlebury Country Park?
The address is wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham, postcode cb223ae. Can I get you any other info?
Yes. I need a train from stansted airport to cambridge.
133 match our criteria. help me narrow this down
I need ro leave monday and arrive by 16:30.
If you are interested in leaving the in the morning, we have trains as early as 5:24 and as late as 15:24 that fit your arrival time.
I would like the train that arrives closest to 16:30. I also need the price of the ticket. 
I have train TR2781 leaving Stansted Airport Monday at 15:24 and arriving in Cambridge at 15:52. Tickets are 10.10 pounds, would you like me to book a seat for you?
That was all the info I needed today, thank you.
You're welcome.  Let us know if there is anything else we can do in the future.
I would love to see some architecture in the centre please
There are several free churches in the Centre area, including All Saints Church, Holy Trinity Church, Little Saint Mary's Church, and Old Schools. Great Saint Mary's Church costs 2 pounds. 
All saints church sounds nice, can I please get their postcode and phone number?
Yes their postcode is cb58bs and their phone number is 01223452587.
Thank you.  I am also looking for information regarding a train to Cambridge please.
Where will you be leaving from? And what day?
I'm leaving london kings cross on monday after 17:45.
The TR8288 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
I would. I'd be coming with four of my friends. 
Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee is 118 GBP which can be paid at the station. Your reference number is KXRU8MTT. 
Awesome thanks so much!
Will that be all for today?
Yes. Thanks and good bye.
Okay thank you for calling.
looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range
Do you have a preference on area?
It should be in the west part of town.
Do you have a preference on food type? There are three restaurants with the following food types: indian, italian, and british.
British sounds good.  What's it called?
Saint johns chop house serves british food in the west part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes, I would like the address and phone number.
saint johns chop house phone number is 01223 353110 and is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street
Perfect. Thank you very much. 
Thank you for using our system. Good bye.
I'm looking for a train leaving on Friday that arrives by 1:45 PM. Can you help me?
What city will you be leaving from?
I will be departing from Cambridge to ely.
There are four trains that can get you to Ely by 13:45, do you have a particular departure time preference?
I don't have a departure time preference. Can you let me know how much the price is for the earliest departure out of those four trains?
TR1709 leaves at 5:50 and is 4.40 pounds, there are later trains also at the same price. Would you like to book a seat?
No thanks.  But can you find a restaurant that serves lebanese food in the centre?
You're in luck! There is one Lebanese restaurant in all of Cambridge, and it's in the center. Ali Bana, located at 59 Hills Road City Centre.
How is the pricing there?
Ali Baba is moderately priced. Do you need a reservation? 
No, just the address and postcode please.
the address is 59 hills road city centre. the postcode is cb21nt. 
Thanks so much! That will be all for today!
Thank you have a great day!
I'm looking for a steakhouse restaurant in the east part of town. 
What price range would you like?
Any price range will be fine. 
I have no steakhouse in the east area, but The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill is located in the centre area.
I really need something in the east part of town. How about Indian food?
Curry Prince is a moderately priced restaurant in the east of town that serves Indian food.
Sounds great, what is their address and phone number?
Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton; their phone number is 01223566388.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye.
i am looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called the place.
The Place is a nightclub located at 22 sidney street.
Can you get me phone number please, thank you
Sure thing, that's 01223324600.
Thanks. I am also looking for a hotel room. 
Yes what area would you like to stay in and what price range are you considering?
The hotel should be in the type of hotel and doesn't need to include internet. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking. price doesn't matter.
How about the Cityroomz?  It's a hotel in the moderate price range.  It's located at Sleeperz hotel, station road.  Would that work?  Can I book it?
I don't need you to book it thank you. 
ok, anything else i can help you with?
Sorry, I am changing my mind. Please book Cityroomz for 4 nights starting on Saturday, for 8 people. Thanks.
You have been booked for Cityroomz. Your reference number is HAGWQ5KE.
Thanks a lot for all your help!
you are welcome all the time
okay goodbye 
Bye! I hope you have a lovely stay!
Hey I am looking for a train from Cambridge to Bishops stortford. Mind helping out?
many trains are leaving on friday. mind choosing the time?
I want to leave on Monday and arrive by 18:45.
I have train TR4283 that leaves cambridge at 5:29 and arrives in bishops stortford at 6:07.  Would you like to make reservations?
Could you give me the travel time and price of that train please?
The cost is 10.10 pounds. The duration of the trip is 38 minutes, leaving Cambridge at 5:29 and arriving at 6:07 in Bishops Stortford.
I also want a cheap chinese restaurant. 
There are four great restaurants to choose from. Do you prefer one on the south side of town or in the centre?
I'd like to be in the centre please.
I recommend Charlie Chan. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes. Monday, 8 people, 10:30. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : IFJMBKLI.
Thank you very much. That will be all for today. I appreciate all your help.
You're very welcome, please contact us again if you need any other assistance. 
Can you help me find a college to visit?
Does location matter?
Location is not important for me
I have 18 that match. Do you have any other preferences? 
pick for me and I would need the area and postcode
clare hall is in the west and the postcode is cb3al. Can I help with anything else?
Actually, yes. I am really in the mood for good indian food. Could you help me find somewhere new to try?
We have a lot of indian places in cambridge. Do you have a preference for price range or location?
I would like a moderately priced one on the east side.
Curry prince is a moderately priced Indian restaurant. Address 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
what their postcode?
Their post code is cb58jj.  Is there in any other information your needed?
Yes, could I also have their phone number please?
The phone number is 01223566388. Would you like me to make a reservation? 
no reservation please, I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Please tell about your departure and destination sites.
I need to leave clair hall by 24:45 going to curry prince. I also need the contact number and car type please.
A white volvo car will pick you up at clair hall at 24:45 and the contact number is 07113259690. May i further assist you today?
no thanks , that is all for today
You're welcome, have a great day.
I want to find a 4 star hotel with a moderate price.
There are 11 different hotels to choose from. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I prefer a hotel near the main street. I want a hotel that includes free wifi
Do you mean in the center of town?
Actually, location doesn't really matter, so long as it's moderately priced, 4 star, and offers wifi. 
Carolina bed and breakfast is a moderately priced four star guesthouse with wifi and parking, in the east area. Would you care to make a reservation?
Sounds good. Starting Monday, please, for 3 people, 3 nights.
I'm sorry, there are no rooms available at that time. Would you like a different day or shorter stay?
I suppose one night wold be fine as long as we can get a reservation for 3  people.
I have a few rooms, could you tell me the area of town you would prefer?
It doesn't matter.
I was able to get you a room for 3 people for 1 night, starting Monday, at the Acorn Guest House. The reference number is GXTSRBY0.
That is all. Thank you.
Thank you.  We'll be happy to help you with your future travel needs.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that includes free wi-fi. 
Okay I found quite a few. What area would you like?
I need a cheap one that has free wifi.
I have 23 guesthouse that meet your requirements. Is there a price range or area of town you prefer?
Well I also would like free parking if that helps.
I have found 9. Would you like autumn house in the east? I can book for you.
Yes that one would be great. Can you book for saturday?
Sure. How many days would you like to stay and how many people will be staying?
I need to book 8 people for 3 nights starting on Saturday. 
I apologize but that guesthouse is unable to accommodate you.  Would you like me to choose a different guesthouse or change the day?
Yes but one in the same price range.
I have booked Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Your reference number is V3GA3K4Q. Is there anything else?
No. That is all I need. Thank you so much!
So glad I was able to help. Have a great day. Good-Bye.
I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find one?
There are many options for places to stay any preferences such as area or rating?
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse that includes free wifi and it should have a star of 2. 
Unfortunately we don't have anything that matches all of those requirements. Which are your top priorities?
Can you check instead for 3 stars?
I have three places. What area do you prefer to stay in?
I don't have a preference for the area. Can you recommend 1 of the 3? I need to book a room. 
I would recommend the hamilton house in the north. When would you like to book a room for?
That sounds great. Lets see if you can book it for Tuesday for 2 people, 2 nights. 
I was able to book you for Hamilton Lodge for 2 people and 2 nights.  Your Reference number is : 2SR5W0RP.  Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train on Thursday. I will be departing from Cambridge and traveling to Norwich.
We have many trains departing from Cambridge and arriving in Norwich on Thursday. Do you need a specific departure or arrival time?
I am looking to arrive no later than 12:45.  I have no preference for departure time.  Thank you.
I'd recommend TR7779, it departs at 10:36 and arrives by 11:55. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I'll actually need 2 tickets please.
Booked! Total fee is 35.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: 620VR2VS.
Thanks for all of your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You have covered everything, thanks again.
enjoy your time with us!
I want to find an expensive Indian restaurant.
There are 14 Indian restaurants in the expensive price range. What part of town would you like?
I'd like the restaurant to be in the centre.
Curry Garden meets your criteria. The address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. Would you like to make a reservation? 
What is the postal code for the Curry Garden?
The postcode for Curry Garden is cb21dp.
Ok, great thanks. Can you also help me find a train going to stevenage? 
There are 70 trains to Cambridge. What day will you be travelling?
Sorry, I'm looking for a train TO stevenage arriving by 14:00 on Friday.
I have four trains from Cambridge to Stevenage on Friday. They arrive at 06:10, 08:10, 10:10, and 12:10. Would you like to book one of these?
No booking necessary, but could you tell me the travel time?
The travel time between cambridge and stevenage is 49 minutes.
Sounds good thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling and do please call us again in the future. Have a great day.
Hello I am looking for a theatre in Cambridge.
The ADC Theatre is in the town centre.  Can I get you some information about it?
Can I get their address, phone number and postcode please? 
Sure the ADC theatre is located at park street, postcode cb58as, their phone number 01223300085.
Thanks. I also need assistance with finding a train leaving Cambridge.
I can help with that. To what destination are you traveling and on what day? 
I am going to stansted airport on friday.
There are several trains going to Stansted Airport on Friday. What time would you like to leave?
I don't have a preference regarding the departure time but I do need to arrive by 21:30.
Again there are several trains arriving by that time.  How many tickets do you need?
Just the 1 ticket, please.
The train closest to your requested arrival time is the TR9595, leaving Cambridge at 20:40 and arrives at Stansted Airport at 21:08. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Can you confirm how long that train ride is please?
Yes, it is 28 minutes long.
Please book it. I will need the reference number as well. 
Good news! Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : N51YGQ3S. Is there anything else you need?
Nope that is all for today. According to my list I did not really need to book that train but it saves me time! Thank you so much!
Thank you for contacting us! Please let us know if we can be of any more assistance to you. 
I need a train that leaves on Friday after 20:45.
There are oodles of available trains so let's narrow that down a smidge. What are you departure and destination locations?
The train should depart from cambridge and should go to london liverpool street
I would suggest TR9557 which leaves Cambridge at 21:59 and arrives at your destination at 23:27.  
Sounds great! Thank you very much! What is the price on that train?
The train is 16.60 pounds. Can I book that for you?
Sure. I also need a reservation at rosa's bed and breakfast.
I have you booked for 1 seat on the TR9557. What day are you wanting to book Rosa's bed and breakfast for?
What is their address and do they have free parking or free internet? 
Rosa's has both free parking and free internet. 
Could I get the address please?
Their address is 53 roseford road, cb22ha. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that's all I need.  Thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting us, if you have any further questions, feel free to contact us again. Have a wonderful day.
i got injured and are looking for the john farman intensive care unit department
Certainly, the number to the Intensive Care Unit is 01223256166.
Could I get the address and postcode please?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and the postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all for now.  Thanks for the help!
Thank you, and have a nice day!
I'm traveling to Cambridge and looking forward to their restaurants. I need a place to stay while I'm there. 
What hotel type are you interested in ? what area will you be staying in?
I need to find a place in the east side and the pricerange should be expensive.  I also need free parking 
The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge would fit all of your needs.  It's a 2 star hotel and offers free internet.
Perfect. I need a room for 3 people, two nights starting from wednesday. 
The booking was successful. Here is your reference number: 6DAJ8EHD
Thank you for helping me.
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Yes, actually. I'm looking for information on expensive restaurants with creative food.
I'm sorry I don't have anything like that available. Is there another type of food that interests you?
how about north american food?
Yes! How about Gourmet Burger Kitchen?
As long as it is expensive. Can I just get the postcode, address, and area for that?
Sure!  The phone is 01223312598, the postal code is cb21ab and the address is Regent Street City Centre.
Cool beans, bro. Thanks for your help. Laters. 
Would you like me to make reservations at gourmet burger kitchen for you?
I don't think I need reservations today. That is all I need help with thank you. 
Sounds good, thank you for your time.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 2 and should be in the moderate price range
There are two such hotels in the north area. The first is the ashley hotel and the second is the lovell lodge. Do you have a preference?
I don't have a preference, actually. Which one do you recommend?
They both have internet and parking, so it is really up to you.
I choose the ashley hotel. What is their address, please?
The number for the Ashley Hotel is 01223350059. Can I book that for you?
No, I just need the address.
That hotel is located at 74 chesterton road.
Ok thank you that is all I needed today.
You are most welcome!
I am looking for a train from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street.
The next train leaving from Cambridge for Birmingham New Street departs Friday at 5:01, and will arrive by 7:44.
I need a train that departs after 08:30 on Friday.
I have a train leaving Cambridge arriving at Birmingham New Street on Friday at 9:01.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please, that sounds perfect.
And how many tickets will you need for your trip?
Actually, I don't need booking. Please just give me the train's travel time and price.
The travel time is 163 minutes, and the price is 75.10 pounds.  How else can I help?
No thank you. Not at this time.
Glad to be of help.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I am looking for a museum on the west side of town.
There are 7 museums in the west. 
Which one is the cheapest?
I would go with kettle's yard since it is free. Would you like more information?
What is the address?
Their address is Castle Street, cb30aq. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
I am also wanting to find out some info on a restaurant called The Gardenia. 
That is a great Mediterranean place. What would you like to know about it?
i would like to make a reservation there for Wednesday. There will be 6 people.
Alright I will connect you so you will get tickets for the event.
Event?  I want to book a table at a restaurant please.
What time would you like your reservation?
Let's shoot for 16:45 please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KF2WIGAS. Can I help with anything else today?
Yes, I will need a taxi to commute between the to places.
I have you leaving at 16:15 and arriving at 16:45. It'll be a white volvo and the number is 07193127325
Thank you so much.
is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you that will be all
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. I enjoyed helping you. Goodbye.
I am looking for the police station
Contact the Parkside Police Station, Telephone 01223358966
Would you give me their address and postcode also, please?
Yes, the address is Parkside, Cambridge. The postcode is CB11JG.
Thanks. That takes care of everything for me.
You are welcome. Please let me know if you need any further assistance.
I am looking for a restaurant in the center with a cheap price range
I have found 15 restaurants in that area within the cheap price range. Do you want a certain type of food?
I would like the phone number of a cheap restaurant in the centre of town.
The two choices are chinese and asian oriental,which one would you like?
Please recommend a restaurant.  I really do not care about the food type.  Thank you. 
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I would need the phone number and food type.
Rice house is a chinese restaurant and their phone number is 01223367755. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes,  I also need help biking a train.
Alright, could you provide me with your departure and destination locations?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and should leave on Friday.
And where will you be going?
I am going to  london liverpool street.  I'd like to leave after 12:15.
TR4187 is the first departure after 12:15, leaving at 13:59. Would you like to book passage?
Please just tell me the ticket price and travel time
The travel time is 88 minutes, and tickets are 16.60 pounds
And what time will it arrive?
It will arrive at 15:27. Anything else for you today?
No, that's all. Thanks so much! Bye.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hi there, I'd like to find a good place to eat in the city centre tonight, but I'm looking for somewhere cheap. Have you any good recommendations? 
Absolutely! I have about 15 restaurants that are in that area and price range. Can you tell me what type of food you might be trying? 
You know, I'd really like to try north african food.
I am sorry, but there are no cheap restaurants in the centre serving north african food. Would you like to keep searching for another type?
How about some chinese food?
There are three restaurants, Charlie Chan, Rice House, and Golden House. Would you like to book a table at one of them?
How about Rice House? I'd like to book a table for two at 19:00 on Monday.
Fantastic! Your table is booked for Rice House at 19:00 on Monday, and the reference number is T0NP4V1O. Is there anything else you need help with?
Can i also book a train to Cambridge?
There are a number of trains that can get you to cambridge. Where are you leaving from?
I'll be leaving from kings lynn on Monday.
What are you preferred arrival and departure times?
The train should depart on Monday from Kings Lynn for two people.  Please give me my reference number too.  Thanks!
Your train has been booked for 2, leaving at 5:11. Reference number VZNMSR6M. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it, thank you!
You're welcome, I'm glad to help. Goodbye!
Tell me about museums on the west side of town.
I have found several galleries and museums in the west side of town, were you looking for something with free entrance? 
Which type of museums are available?
There are three galleries, two museums, kettle's yard, and the people's portraits exhibition at girton college.
I'd like to go to a museum. Can you tell me your favorite? And if you have their phone number that would be really great.
I find Kettle's Yard to be fascinating. Their phone number is 01223748100, and they're located on Castle Street. Can I be of any further assistance?
Thanks.  No, that will be it.
Enjoy your visit to Kettle's Yard. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I need a guesthouse, free parking included. 
ok, the acorn guesthouse is a great place. Located in the north and is moderately priced. They offer free parking and internet.
Is there any other guesthouses that don't have internet included?
No, unfortunately there are no guest houses that offer free parking but do not offer free internet.
Okay, what about one that does have internet?
I think your best bet is Acorn Guest House.  They fulfill your need for free parking and are in the north.  
How many stars does the Acorn Guest House have?
The Acorn Guest House is rated 4 stars.
What is the address of the Acorn?
Acrorn Guest House is located at 154 Chesterton Road.
I am also looking for a train that leaves after 14:15.
TR2420 train leaves at 15:00, may I book this for you?
Could you please book that train for 5 people and give me the reference number.
Sure thing, Reference number is : A4C2KF23. Anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.
It was a pleasure to assist you. Thanks for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye. 
I need a information on restaurant. Is there any cheap Chinese restaurant?
charlie chan is a cheap Chinese restaurant located in the centre area would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is that the only one you have in the centre area that is cheap. Is it good?
There is also the rice house downtown. They're located at 88 Mill Road City Centre.
Give me phone number for the first one, please
Certainly. The phone number for Charlie Chan is 01223361763. Is there something else i can help you with today?
Can you book me a room in the Home From Home guesthouse?
I can, what day would you like to go, how many nights would you like to stay, and how large will your party be?
5 people and 3 nights starting from thursday.
I was able to book that for you. Your reference number is 724PGT2E. Is there anything else I can assist you with today? 
Would it be possible to get a taxi to commute from the hotel to the restaurant? 
Yes but I need to know what time to you want to leave or arrive at the restaurant.
Actually, I need to leave Charlie Chan by 11:15 and go to Home From Home. 
I have booked your taxi. The car type is a white bmw and the contact number is 07135401790.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
May I help you with anything else today?
No, that will be all. Thank you. 
You are very welcome. If you need anything else, just let me know. Thank you.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town
There are two cheap restaurants in the west part of town. One is italian and one is vietnamese. Which one are you interested in?
Can you give me the telephone number of the vietnamese restaurant?
The Vietnamese restaurant's name is Thanh Binh, the phone number is 01223 362456. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you give me the address for Thanh Binh as well please?
Thanh Binh is at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling us today. Goodbye.
Yes. I'm looking for a train, please.
Of course. Where will you be departing from and arriving? When would you like to leave?
I need to leave from Cambridge on Sunday.
There are 202 trains leaving cambridge on sunday, do you have a destination or time?
Well, I'm thinking I need to leave sometime after 10:45 for Norwich.
There is a train leaving Cambridge for Norwich at 11:36 which arrives at 12:55. Shall I book it for you?
Yes, I'd like one ticket please.
Your booking was successful. The ticket fee is 14.08 pounds and is payable at the station. Your reference number is 23G7RUXL. May I assist you with anything else today?
Thank you very much.  I am all set.  Have a nice day.
You too.  Good bye.
I need some help with a car accident I was in.
Contact the police at Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Ok, thank you for your help.
I hope your day gets better!
I am looking for an expensive 4 star hotel.
I am showing five hotels that fit your criteria. They all offer internet and parking. Is there a specific area you want to be in?
No, but the hotel should be in the type of guesthouse.
I'm sorry, there aren't any expensive guesthouses with 4 stars, but there are 18 moderately priced 4-star guesthouses. Would that be okay?
Is there one available in the cheap price range?
I have 7 cheap 4 star guesthouses,can I recommend autumn house?
yes that sounds nice, can you check for booking for 5 people and 3 nights starting from monday?
Yes, I will book at autumn house for 3 night for 5 people starting Monday.
Can I get that reference number please?
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to look at another hotel?
please recommend another hotel in that same price range.  
Alexander bed and breakfast is is the centre location. Also a 4 star cheap guest house. How does that sound to you?
Book it please. 
I have made reservations starting monday for 3 nights and 5 people the reference number is JCCYU8ZS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you. Good bye.
Goodbye. Have a great day!
I would like to find a cheap hotel to stay at where there is free parking. Do you have any suggestions?
The cambridge belfry fits the bill, would you like me to book you a room?
Do they have free parking? are they rated 3 stars?
Yes, they do have free parking and they have 4 stars.
Did you have something that fits with 3 stars?
I hovw no listing for a 3 star hotel,would you like too try another area ?
What about a 4 star hotel?
The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel in the cheap price range and is on the west side. They offer free Wifi and parking. Would you like a reservation?
Yes,please book for 5 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday. 
I am unable to book for Tuesday. 
I would like to book for Thursday, not Tuesday.
I am sorry, I can't make that reservation either.
Is Monday available?
As it turns out, Thursday just opened up. I was able to book it for you, here is your reference number, UGU8T7UB.
Thanks!  Can you also help me find a college to visit in town?
There are 18 options.  Was there a part of town you would like to visit? 
Can you suggest one for me?
I would recommend christ's college in Saint Andrew's street in the centre of town.
What is the entrance fee and postcode there?
Entry is free. The postcode is cb23bu. May I help with anything else?
Thank you so much. Good bye 
Okay, goodbye and enjoy your time in town
I'm looking for a hotel called Avalon.
The Avalon hotel is located in the north area.
Does it have internet?
Yes, it has internet.
Great. Thanks for the information. I'm also looking for a train that departs from Norwich for Cambridge on Sunday that will arrive by 11:15. Can you help with that?
TR0996 departs norwich at 9:16 and arrives at 10:35 in cambridge.
Please book me.
Your booking was successful. The cost for the ticket is 14.08 GBO and your reference number is GT4JL5RA. May I help you with anything else?
I actually need 5 tickets on that train, please.
I have corrected the booking for 5 people. Your new reference number is R6QP0VXM. Is there anything more I can help with?
No, that's it. thank you!
We are happy to help. Thanks for using our service. Have a great day!
Hello, I would like to know what hotels are in the town centre.
There are 5 hotels in the town center, ranging from cheap to expensive. Which would you like more information on?
I'd like one in the moderate price range than includes free wifi.
Cityroomz aligns with your criteria. Shall I book that for you?
Yes please. I want to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday.
Unfortunately there are no rooms available, do you have a different day or shorter stay?
Will I be able to stay for 2 nights?
Yes, you're all set for 2 nights at cityroomz on Sunday for your party of 3. Your reference number is L8OVTI18. What else can I do for you?
I am also looking for a good place to dine, are there any italian restaurants?
There are 15 Italian restaurants in town. Is there a particular area or price range you'd prefer?
I'm looking for the same price range as the hotel and in the same area as the Hotel
Pizza Express is moderately priced and located in the centre area, does that sound ok?
It does indeed. Can you book it for the same people and on the same day as my hotel arrival? 12:00 would be the perfect time for lunch!
I have booked the table for you; it will be reserved for 15 minutes. The reference numbers is T0R20O9D.
Thanks! Is there any way you could book me a taxi between destinations? It needs to arrive by the booked time and please send me the contact number and car type.
No problem it is booked the contact number is 07499208880
What is the car type of that taxi?
It is a yellow Honda. Is there anything else I can help you out with?
That's it. Thank you very much for the help!
You are welcome.  Please let us know if you need help with anything else. Have a great day!
That's all I need, goodbye.
Farewell, and have a beautiful day!
Could you tell me if Cambridge has any expensive Austrian restaurants?
I'm afraid not. Could you like to try any other food type or price range?
Are you sure there's no expensive Austrian food in the north? It's what I'm really set on.
I'm sorry but I'm not able to find anything that matches those specifications.  Would you like to try another type of food?
Could you look for something Chinese with the same criteria?
I would suggest hakka
That sounds good - can you book a table for 8 at 12:00 on Thursday, please?
I have a table for 8 people on Thursday at 12:00, your reference number in PBGQ796L.  Can I help with anything else?
I am also looking for a boat in the North of town. 
There is one option. It is riverboat georgina. Can I help you further today?
Please tell me the postcode 
Sure thing. The postcode is cb43ax. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all. Thank you for your help.
You are most welcome. Enjoy your day!
I have a hotel that I really want to stay at today.
Can you tell me the name of the hotel please and then we can talk about booking a room?
It is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel
When will you be staying there?
I'm not sure. Do they have internet?
Yes, they have internet available. 
What type of hotel is it? And what is the post code?
Its an expensive hotel.
Can I get the postcode please?
Okay, the postal code is: PE296FL. Can I assist with anything else?
I also would like to eat in the center of town. 
There is a lot of restaurants in the town centre. What type of food are you looking for? What is your price range for the restaurant?
Don't really have a food preference but would prefer something expensive. 
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the centre. Are you sure you have no preference for food type?
None, it is my first time in the town and I like every food, I will go with what you recommend.
Okay. Well, I've heard great things about the Cambridge Chop House. It's a British restaurant. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes can you book it for 3 people on Wednesday at 17:30?
Your booking was successful. Here is your reference number, CUZ69HSD.
Thanks, now can you book me a taxi? I want to be picked up from my hotel and taken to the restaurant by 17:30. Please give me car type/contact number
Your taxi has been booked. The car type is a blue Toyota and the contact number is 07594906784. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need for now.  Thanks for all your help!
You are quite welcome! Enjoy your stay!
I need a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
I have many guesthouses that meet that criteria. Do you have a certain area in mind?
I will need free wifi and parking.
Acorn guest house has that, will that work for you?
book it for 7 people and 3 nights starting from sunday.
The reference number is,VAKDVQNB is there anything else I can do for you?
I also need train tickets.
Okay, please tell where you are going and where you are leaving from, and what day.
I am going to Kings lynn from Cambridge. I leave Wednesday. 
What time would you like to travel? There are trains every hour from 5:11. It takes 47 minutes to get there from Cambridge.
I'd like to arrive by 17:30. Any trains that do that will be fine. I just need the price. 
TR8890 arrives at 16:58. It costs 9.80 pounds. 
Thanks for the service, goodbye.
I'm happy to be of service! Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Hi, I am looking for a train that goes to bishops stortford and departs from cambridge.
There are several trains on that route that run throughout the day. Do you know what day and time you'd like to travel?
I need to leave Sunday and arrive by 11:15. 
There is no train leaving at 11:15, do you want to change to a different time.
I am looking for a train that ARRIVES at 11:15 and would like to book it for 5. I also need the reference number.
I've booked you on the TR9904. The price is 40.40 GBP that is payable at the station. Your reference number is 3MF59CSO. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for particular place called Pembroke College. Do you have any information about this place?
Sure, it is a college located in the centre area right on trumpington street. Would you like the phone number?
What is the entrance fee and address of pembroke college?
There is no entrance fee for Pembroke College.  The address is Trumpington Street.  
Thank you very much, that will be all.
Well then, thank you for using our service. Have a great day. Goodbye. 
I am looking for pasquale pizzeria.
I have found a Don Pasquale Pizzeria located in Centre, would you like that address?
I would like the address, as well as the phone number. And what is the price range for dinner there?
The address is 12 Market Hill City Centre in postcode cb23nj. The phone number is 01223350106, and it's an expensive restaurant.
Great! I'm also looking for a 3 star guesthouse to stay in. 
May I suggest bridge guest house. They are in the south and moderately priced. How many is in your party and how long is your stay?
I won't be needing a booking. Thank you for the information. Have a great day!
You have a great day too.
Thanks again for the help!
It was my pleasure. Have a great evening. Goodbye. 
I want to find some good places to go in the centre of town. 
There are 44 attractions in the centre of town. What kind of attraction do you want to visit?
It doesn't really matter. What's your recommendation?
Holy Trinity Church is popular for its architecture. Christ's College finds people touring the campus. Or, Cambridge Contemporary Art is a free museum. Any of those interest you?
Cambridge Contemporary Art, what's their post code?
The post code is CB21SU. Do you need anything else? 
Thank you for your help!
My pleasure! Have a good day!
I'd like to treat myself by eating out so please find me an expensive restaurant in the centre
Yes! What kind of cuisine would you like?
Any restaurant that you recommend will be great. Can I have the postcode for the one you pick too? 
I would recommend Little Seoul, a Korean restaurant. It's postcode is cb21dp. Would you like to reserve a table?
No thank you. I am looking for an expensive place to stay that includes free parking. 
There are five hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to book one or would you rather narrow it down further?
I would prefer to find one  that is located in the north. 
There are no expensive hotels in the north area with free parking.
Is there a cheaper one?
There are 9 in the moderate price range do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would prefer a hotel. 
I have two hotels that fit your needs. I recommend the ashley hotel. When would you like to book a room?
Do either have internet?
yes ahley does has free internet. can we book it
No thanks, I just need the address please. 
the address is 74 chesterton road	
thanks for helping. have a great day
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Have a great day too.
Please call if you need anything else. Goodbye.
Are there any good Scottish restaurants in the centre?
I'm sorry I have no results for a scottish restaurant in the centre area. Is there another type of cuisine you'd like to try for?
How about italian food?
I have several in the area, is there a price range you prefer?
It doesn't matter. I need to know what the price range is though, postcode and phone number too please
My favorite is Stazione. It's an expensive place located in postcode cb23nj. Their phone number is 01223352607. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need a place to stay, free parking is not required, I would prefer a 0 star rating.  
Cityroomz is a 0 star hotel in the centre with no parking available.  It is moderately priced.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Is this hotel in the same area as the restaurant?
Yes they are both located in the centre. Would you like a reservation?
That won't be necessary. I need the price range and postcode.
Cityroomz is a moderate priced offering and the postcode is cb12tz.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, everything I asked of you has been met. Thank you.
You're welcome, have a nice day.
Thank you very much, you too.
Your are very welcome! Enjoy your stay here.
Thanks for all your help.  Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre, have a great day!
i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve european food.
There are 5 that fit your criteria, 3 in the centre of town are eraina, michaelhouse cafe, darrys cookhouse and wine shop and city stop restaurant north and cambridge lodge restaurant west.
What do you recommend?
I personally recommend Eraina. Would you like a table booked?
Yes please, can I get a table for 6 at 13:45 on Tuesday?
Sure thing, you are booked with ref. # RC9WCTWX. 
Thanks so much.  Have a nice day.  .
My pleasure. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a fantastic day!
Hello, I'm looking for a train that's going to stevenage and leaves on tuesday.
Sure, trains travel to Cambridge every 2 hours, beginning at 06:43.  Can I book one for you?
I am looking for a train that departs from Cambridge.  I am traveling to Stevenage and I need to arrive by 13:30.
TR4546 departs at 09:21 and arrives at 10:10. Can I book that train for you?
No. I just need to know how much the tickets are, please.
The price for a train ticket from Cambridge to Stevenage is 12.80 pounds. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes, I am looking for a hotel in town in the moderate price range.
We have 3 such options. Does star rating matter?
Any should be fine as long as it has free wifi and is located in the centre
Cityroomz is located in the center, would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes please for 5 people for 2 nights starting sunday. 
You're all set. The reference code is H3ZT7DY0. What else can I help with?
That is all I need hep with. Thank you!
Sure, no problem.  Thank you for calling!  Have a nice day.
I would like to find a restaurant named Tandoori Palace. Do you know of that restaurant?
I do. It's a very nice Indian restaurant on the West side. 
Can you give me the postcode for it please?
The postcode is cb43le. May I help you with anything else? 
That will be all, thanks. Goodbye!
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
Can you help me with some information on a restaurant called luca cucina and bar?
Sure, what information would you like?
What type of food do they serve?
Yes, De Luca Cucina serves modern European food.  Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks.  Can you tell me the address and postcode for De Luca Cucina?
It is located at 83 Regent Street with a postcode of cb21aw. Is there anything else I could help you with?
Can you also give me a phone number to a cinema?
Yes i can. the phone number for Cineworld Cinema is 00872208000. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you tell me if Cineworld Cinema has an entrance fee?  If so how much is that fee?
Unfortunately I don't have any entrance fee information for Cineworld. Can I help you with anything else?
No I just needed the phone number. Thank You.
You're welcome. Have a great time in Cambridge!
I can't wait to see some local attractions when I visit. I am looking for a convenient place to stay while I'm there.
Sure, I can help you with that.  Were you looking for a particular area to stay? 
hotel should be in the moderate and in centre of town
Cityroomz is the only moderately priced hotel in the centre of town, would you like more information about it?
Yes, I'd like the phone number and postcode, please. 
Their phone number is 01223304050 and their postcode is cb12tz. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm looking for an attraction called clare college. 
Clare College is in the west part of town. It is located on Trinity Lane. Their entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. The postcode is cb21tl. 
Perfect, thank you. That's all I need for today.
Happy to be of service. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and have a great day!
Could you help me with some information please?  I am looking for a place to stay.
Of course, do you have a price range in mind?
no. it should free packing and located in the west
We have many great hotels.  Do you have a preference of star rating?  
The star rating doesn't matter, thanks
If thats the case here is a nice hopital Addenbrookes Hospital
uhm, i definitely don't want to sleep in a hospital. 
Sorry about that! how about a and be guest house?
Okay. Also can you help me find a restaurant in the same area that serves European food.
Sure thing what price range are you looking for?
The restaurant should be in the expensive price range
The Cambridge Lodge restaurant is in the west. The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Is there anything else to help you?
Yeah, please book me for 6 people, on saturday at 14:00
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : 7LDNJZEE. anything else?
Great. I also need a taxi to get me to the restaurant by the reservation time.
Where do you want to be picked up?
Picked up at the hotel and sent to the restaurant by the booking time please.
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a grey Tesla. Please call 07177768413 should you need to reach them. 
Thank you for your help.
Anything else today?
No that is it. Thank you.
Glad to have helped!
I need a cheap place to stay in the centre
Sure, we have two guesthouses that fit, the 4 star alexander bed and breakfast and the unrated el shaddai. Would you like to book a room at one?
Do either of those include free parking?
Yes, they both include free parking.
Then book one, doesn't matter which. Eight people, two nights, starting Wednesday.  
I was able to book a reservation at el shaddai .  Reference number is : AHYOTIAB.  Is there anything else you need?
No, that is all.  Thanks so much.  Bye.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day.
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
I sure can!  What kind of food are you looking for?
I'm looking for an Italian restaurant.
There are numbers of Italian restaurants. Are you looking for one in any particular area or price range?
I want one in the centre.
I would recommend the Pizza Express, a moderately priced restaurant located at Regent Street City Centre. Do you need to make a reservation?
No thank you but I do need the phone number. 
The phone number is 01223324033.
Great.  I am also looking for a train departing Leicester and arriving  before 10:15 at my destination.
What is your destination?
I will be going to Ely.
and what day are you traveling?
I'd like to go to Cambridge Friday. 
Train TR4390 leaves at 8:09 and arrives at 9:54. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you that was all the info I needed today.
Awesome. Glad to have been of help. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I would like a cheap restaurant in the west part of town
La margherita is in the west part of town, and it is in the cheap price range. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like to know the phone number please 
It is at 01223 315232.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you. Goodbye!
Hello, could you help me with information on a train?
Yes, I can. There are 2,828 trains traveling between Friday and Wednesday. Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Norwich and going to Cambridge on Wednesday. 
What time would you like to leave?
I don't have a departure time but I want to arrive by 15:45.
Great I have  tran that ik get you there by 15:35. Would you like to book that?
Just please get me the train ID and total travel time. 
the id is TR1892 and the duration is 79 minutes. anything else today?
Can you find me a cheap guesthouse to stay in?
Do you have a area of town you prefer?
East part of town please
There are three to choose from that are on the East part of town. They are all in the cheap price range. Should I recommend one?
Could you try to book me into one starting Wednesday?
How many nights will you be staying?
There will be three of us checking in on Wednesday and staying for two nights.
I have you booked at the Autumn House, and your reference number is 8CCY0VK0. Do you need the address or phone number?
Not at this time.  Thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, thanks.  That's all for today. 
Have a great day and enjoy your trip.
I am looking for a Persian restaurant with expensive price range food.
Unfortunately I can't find any matching records. Could you like to try any other food type?
Oh, how disappointing. There are no expensive persian restaurants in the center of town? 
No, I am afraid I have no listing for one. Would you like to try another area or pricerange?
Is there a italian restaurant in the centre of town in the expensive range?
Yes there are 4 italian restuarants that are expensive in the centre of town.  Stazione, Clowns Cafe, Don Pasquale Pizzaria, and Cafe Uno.  Would you like a reservation?
I've heard good things about Clowns Cafe. Do you have the address?
Clowns Cafe is located at 54 King Street City Centre.
Do you know of any nightclubs in the area?
There are 5 in that area: Ballare, Club Salsa, Kambar, Soul Tree Nightclub, and The Fez Club. Would you like more information about 1 of these?
All of those sound great. Can you recommend one and just give me the postcode and entrance fee?
The ballare is perfect. cb23na is the postcode and the entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thanks. Now can you have a taxi take me from the restaurant to Ballare? I want to leave after 18:30. I'll need car type and contact number too.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	black honda Contact number	:	07608331864 Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks for that! Can you double check when the car is picking me up? I think I misspoke - I'd like to leave the restaurant by 18:30, not after.
I have you leaving by that time in the black Honda. May I help with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thanks for all your help!
You're welcome, have a safe trip.
Hi there! I need some information on the Hamilton Lodge, please.
The Hamilton Lodge is at 156 chesterton road cb41da. Their phone number is 01223365664.
Ok thats the one.  Can I reserve a room for 8 people starting Saturday?  We will be there 4 nights.  
Yes, I have booked a room for you. Your reference number is DCI7OE9W. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you help me find a restaurant? I'm looking for something expensive in the west.
Would you be interested in Indian Food?  Cocum is a great restaurant I'd recommend.  
Sounds great, no need to book yet, I have to check with the real boss, my wife.  Can I get the postcode and address for now?
The postcode is cb30ah; and the address is 71 Castle Street City Centre. May I help with something else?
No. Thanks for all your help. Goodbye
You're very welcome. Have a great day!
I would like to find a restaurant called Pipasha.
Pipasha is an expensive indian restaurant.  It is located in the east area of town.  Can I help you with more information or a reservation?
Yes please.  I need a table for 3 on Tuesday at 14:00.
Okay I have done that and your reference number is  WR87HHPJ.
I would also like to check out a concerthall. 
Great!  The Man on the Moon is a concerthall in the centre at 2 Norfolk street.
Thanks. Can you also tell me their postcode?
The postcode is cb12lf. What else would you like assistance with today?
Do you happen to have their phone number also?
Yes, the phone number is 01223474144
I also need a taxi between them to get to the restaurant in time.
Ok, I have booked you a black skoda to get you to the restaurant in time.  You can contact them at 07461245991.  Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that's it. 
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge
Please find a place to eat that serves Indian food.
There are several is there a price range or area you prefer?  
Yes, I would like it to be in the west.
There are 6 results. Is there a certain pricerange you'd like?
Thank you! I would like to go to an expensive restaurant, please.
I would recommend Tandoori Palace at 68 Histon Road Chesterton. The food there is great. Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes 4 people on 18:15 on friday.  Should be a fin way to start the weekend.  
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is OPAF3JMB. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a nightclub to go to in the same area. 
There are no nightclubs in the west, would you like me to do another searchby area or attraction type?
How about a museum then?
There are 7 museums in the west. Would you prefer one with free admission?
Yes please. 
The cafe jello gallery has free admission and is located at 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af.  Would you like information on any others?
No, that is all the information I need. Thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for a train departing from Kings Lynn and arriving at Cambridge by 20:15
TR9102 arrives at 05:11
Does that train leave on Monday? 
No, it does not. I apologize for the error. I do have train TR1978 that departs at 19:11 and will get you there by 19:58. Would this work for you? 
Looks ok, but can I get the travel time and price before you book that?
The price is 9.80 pounds and the travel time is 47 minutes. 
Ok great. I don't need to book that now but I would also like some information for all saints church, could you help me with that?
Yes, what would you like to know?
Is it actually a church?  I will need a phone number and postcode if possible.
The type is architecture, attraction that is. The post code is cb58bs. Anything else you need?
Just the phone number please. Thanks. 
Their phone number is 01223452587. Can I help you find anything else today?
Nope that will be all! Thanks!
Great! Have a nice day!
Yes, I am looking for places to go in the southern part of town.
Would you be interested in a museum?  The Byard Art Museum is located at 14 King's Way in the south.
That sounds good. Can you tell me the entrance fee and phone number?
Sure thing! It has free admission and their phone number is 01223464646.  Is there anything more I can help with today?
I also need a really expensive place to stay. 
In what area would you like to stay?
Area does not matter. I do need free wifi. 
May I recommend University Arms Hotel, in the centre city? It has four stars, free wifi & parking, and is quite luxurious. Would you like to make a booking there?
Is it a guesthouse? I would prefer a guesthouse.
There are no guesthouses matching your requirements.
OK, then what about the moderate price range?
Yes, there are 14. Which area were you looking for?
I am looking for a place in the south side of town.
I have 2 options in the south. Both offer free wifi and parking. The Bridge Guest House is 3-star rated. The other is Aylesbray Lodge Guest House which has 4-star rated.
Sounds good. Can I book a room for one person for two nights starting tuesday? 
Booking was successful, the reference number is AQIMZ6OO. Anything else I can do for you? 
Can you get me a car to pick me up from the museum and take me to the guest house?
Sure! What time would you like to leave the museum?
I want to leave the museum by 7:30. 
OK, a grey honda should be picking you up at the museum, the contact number is 07694082426. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for today.  Thanks for your help.
It was my pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
You have helped me tremendously.  Thank you!  Goodbye!
Thank you so much. Have a great trip!
Can you book a train for me? I need to leave after 16:00 on sunday.
We can help you look up for a specific schedule if you can supply to us your Departure point and Destination as well.
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.
That gives us about 8 different options. The earliest train leaves at 16:09 and will put you in Cambridge by 17:54. Would that interest you?
Yes, it interests me a great deal. Book it for 8 please and get me the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 241.92 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BZX66OVA. Can I further assist you today?
I am also looking for a room. Free parking and Wifi. 
Which area would you like to stay in?
It doesn't matter. I would like it to be in the expensive range.
I have five. Do you have a star rating preference?
No, no star rating preference. Whichever hotel you recommend. 
Well there are many to choose from. Are you sure we couldn't narrow it down by area?
Can I get something that is expensive.
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel in the east. Can I book you any rooms?
Yes, sunday for 4 nights, 8 people.
Your reservation for 8 at Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge this Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 64O9EZWU. Anything else today? 
Just to check, you booked the hotel for the same day as the train correct?
Yes, both the train and hotel have been booked for Sunday. Is there anything I can help you with?
That will be it thanks a lot !
You're welcome, have a great day.
Can you locate for me a train that leaves on Tuesday after 3:15 PM? Thanks.
there is a train that leaves cambridge at 15:00 and arrives at london kings cross at 15:51 on tuesday.
That's too early. I need to leave after 15:15.
The next best option will be TR0945 which leaves Cambridge at 17:00 and arrives at London Kings Cross at 17:51. 
Yes. Book that one for 8 people. 
I have ,ade the booking and here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 188.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PYEQ37FS.
I'm also looking for a place to go in the centre. 
Sure, what type of attraction are you interested in?
I would like to go to a theatre. Can I please have the address, post code, and phone number to one that you recommend?
I suggest the cambridge arts theatre. The address is 6 saint edward's passage. The post code is cb23pj and the phone number is 01223503333.
That works.  I am all set.
Have a wonderful day!
I need a hotel in north Cambridge.
There are 2 hotels in the north area of town, both have 2 star ratings and offer free wifi and parking.  Can I book one for you?
Is the parking free?
Yes they have free parking.
Yes, go ahead.  I need it for Tuesday for 3 people and for 3 nights.   Could you send me a reference number too?
What day will you be staying there?
I told you Tuesday can I speak to a manager you are not paying attention.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KZHALMQD. anything else?
Can you also find an expensive british restaurant for me?
There are many good British restaurants in town. One of my favorites is Graffiti on the west side of town. Would you like me to make you reservations?
Yes, please. Can we get a table on the same day we arrive at the hotel? We'd like to eat at 20:00, if possible.
Your table has been booked for 3 people at 20:00 on Tuesday at Graffiti. Your reference number is BA1VAKNA.
Perfect, thank you. That's all I needed.
Excellent!  Enjoy your visit.
Hi, can you help me find a moderately priced 3-star accomadation? 
I have 4 guesthouses with 3 stars that are moderately priced. Do you need internet or parking?  
I do not need internet. 
I have 2 in the north and 1 in both the south and west.  Do you have a preference for location?
I don't, which do you recommend?
The hamilton lodge is in the north area and has parking and internet. Would you like me to book that for you?
Sure, book it for 1 person and 2 nights, starting from Wednesday.
Okay.  You're booked.  Your reference number is 3A23GV4H.  Anything else?
That's all I needed. Thanks!
Enjoy your stay! Goodbye! 
Hey, I need a place to stay with free wifi and free parking.
I have several options to offer you, is there an area of town, or price range you'd like?
Thanks! I really don't care about the area. I need stay in a guesthouse that has free wifi and parking.
In order to try to narrow down your options, do you prefer a cheaper place or something moderately priced? 
I don't mind about the price but I want something with 4 stars .
How about the Archway House?  it is moderately priced in the north.
That sounds nice.  Can you get it for four nights starting Thursday?
I will be happy to book it for you! How many people will be staying?
Four people. Thanks.
I've book the hotel for you for 4 people on Thursday. The reference number is QMOZPFHQ.
Thanks so much.  That is all I need.  Bye.
You're welcome.  If you need anything else please let us know.
I need to find a place to eat in the centre, thanks! 
We have over 69 restaurants i the center of town.  Do you have any food style or price preference?
I am in the mood for Lebanese food.
Ali Baba is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre. Would you like for me to book it for you?
I'm not sure what time I need just yet.  Can I get the postcode?
Sure.  It's cb21nt.  What else can I assist you with today? 
I'm also in need of a hotel in the same area as the restaurant. 
Okay! Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
I'm gonna get wild this weekend, find me a zero-star guesthouse with free parking! 
I have the el shaddai that meets those requirements. Would you like to make reservations?
Definitely! There will be 6 of us, arriving Saturday, and staying for 5 nights.
Your reservation for 6 at El Shaddai this Saturday for 6 days 5 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 6NUZQ2BG. 
Great. Can you also get me a taxi to take me from Ali Baba to El Shaddai. I want to leave the restaurant by 05:30. 
How many people will be traveling?
I just need one taxi. Can you book that for me, please?
I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07167504810, and it will be a black Honda. Anything else for you today?
No, thank you. That was it for today. Thank you very much for your assistance. Have a good one. Good bye.
Thank you for contacting us at Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a good trip. Goodbye.
I am looking for places to go in the east.
Anything specific? There are museums, entertainment, boats, a park, multiple sports, a pool. Any of this interest you?
Nothing in particular, we just need it to be on the East side.
How about Cambridge Artworks, it has no entrance fee.Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should include free parking
Do you have an area of town or price range in mind?
Not really. Could you recommend something?
archway house is located in the north at 52 gilbert road. can i book that for you?
No, thank you, not at this time. 
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes for 3 people for 5 nights from Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : NT9VPI1K.
Great thank you. That is all I needed.
Have a nice day then!
Hi is there any deals for tourists that will be a great price? so i can book them all at the same time?
I don't have information on deals, but I can book as many tables as you need.  Do you have a cuisine in mind?
Yes, the efes restaurant. I'd like to book for 6 people at 12:00 on sunday. Could I also get the reference number?
Yes great I made your reservation and your reference number is  SGSSGX8P.
Hi I am also looking for a plane, leaving Monday at 6:00.
I'm sorry, I do not have information about plane travel, could I book you a train instead?
Yes, I would like to go to the airport on Monday.
What is your destination?
Going to Stansted Airport, from Cambridge. 
TR7460 leaves at 6:40 would that work for you?
That should be fine. Please provide me tickets for the same group of people. I will also need a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 2L1LA91L
That is everything, thank you for your help.
Do you need me to look up anything else for you?
Nope. That's it. Thank you.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for an entertaining place to go this evening in the Cambridge area, please.
There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. Can I narrow your search by area and/or type?
How about a theatre in the centre? I will need an address and phone number too please.
I recommend the mumford theatre, their phone number is 08451962320 and their address is anglia ruskin enterprise, east road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a train going to kings lynn leaving after 15:45 please
I can book your tickets for Friday. The train leaves at 16:11. Would that be alright?
Is it possible to change Friday to Saturday instead?
Absolutely. TR8364 will depart cambridge for kings lynn at 16:11 on Saturday. Would you like to book passage on that train?
Yes, and please be sure to give me the ID.
The train ID is TR8364. How many tickets do you need?
Just one ticket, please.
Great, your booking was successful. Your reference number is GKBADV9A. You will need to pay 7.84 GBP at the station.
Thanks - that's all I need today! I appreciate your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day. 
I would like to see if you can find a train that leaves to cambridge. Also, can it be on a thursday too?
We have several trains going to cambridge. Where are you coming from?
I'll be leaving from the birmingham new street station. 
Do you have any time constraints?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 15:15 please. 
TR6105 arrives by 12:23.  Would you like some seats?
Not at the moment. I would, however, like information on a place to stay in the moderate price range with a rating of 3 stars.
The hamilton lodge matches your criteria. Would you like more information?
Sure, can I get the phone number?  
Of course!  The phone number is 01223365664.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Does the hotel offer internet?
Yes it does.
Thank you! That will be all for today! 
Excellent, I hope you enjoy your stay!
Hi, I would like info about museums I could visit on the west side.
Sure, there are several. Most are free.  My favorite one with free admission is Kettle's Yard on Castle Street.  It is on the West side, is that area ok?
That one sounds great. Can you give the address and hours?
The address is castle street and the phone number is 01223748100.
Great, thanks!  I also need a place to stay, I'd prefer a guesthouse. 
I found 24 guest houses for you. Any particular area you have in mind?
Yes please. The north side of town and only 4 star guesthouses please.
There are 8 guesthouses on the north side of town. May I suggest Acorn Guest House or Arbury Lodge Guesthouse? Both are moderate price range with 4 stars. Which would you like?
The acorn please. can you book that?
Sure, how many days will you be staying and how many people in the room?
Actually, I'll hold off on booking for the moment, but could I also get information about a taxi. 
Sure what would you like to know?
first of all does the guesthouse have free internet? That is important. First things first.
Yes it has free parking and internet. 
Okay. I need a taxi between the hotel and the museum.
What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave the museum by 16:00, please.
Ok to be clear what is your destination and your departure locations?
Don't you have access to my previous requests?  It would be from Kettle's Yard to the acorn guest house and I need to leave by 16:00.
Yes expect a red Ford to pick you up and his contact number will be 07816413809.
Sounds great! I think I have everything I need now. Thanks for all your help.
Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Have a great trip to Cambridge. Goodbye.
Where can I find a restaurant located in the Cambridge centre?
There are 69 Restaurants in Centre. What type of food and price range? 
I'm actually looking for an attraction in the center of town.
There are 44 attractions in the centre, what type of attraction are you interested in?
The attraction should be in the centre. I need the entrance fee, phone number, and attraction type
I would suggest all saints church.  It is an architecture attraction. Their phone number is  01223452587 and the entry is free.
Thank you for the information.  I do have one other request.  I am looking for information on a restaurant that caught my attention called Fitzbillies.  
Fitzbillies is a fine British restaurant located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre in postcode cb21rg. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes. I would like it for 1. 15:15 on Tuesday. 
Ok.  I have your table booked for Tuesday at 15:15.  Your reference number is B6IJH1ND.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.
Great! Can you also book me a taxi from All Saints Church to Fitzbillies by 15:15?
You bet! The car type I booked for your taxi is a white volvo and the contact number is 07738755446
Great. Thank you so much!
I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Can you help me find jinling noodle bar please, where is it?
jinling noodle bar is in the centre area and the address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre.
I was wondering if you could provide me with its food type, price range as well as the postcode?
They are a chinese restaurant with a moderate price range, their postcode is cb23pp. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you also tell me what there is to do in the centre of town? 
Sure, there are 55 attractions in the city centre. Anything specific you'd like?
I'm open to anything.  Surprise me with your favorite please.  Just make sure you tell me what kind of attraction it is.
I'm a fan of Ballare, it's a nightclub in the centre.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you. That is everything I need today.
You can call them at 01223364222.
Thank you. That will be all. 
You're welcome, have a fantastic day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that leaves after 13:45 on Friday.
No problem. Where is your departure area and destination?
I need to go to stansted airport and will be departing from cambridge
The closest to 13:45 is 14:40, which is the TR1316. It arrives at Stansted Airport at 15:08. Do you still want to book it?
Yes, can you book it for 7 people and give me the reference number?
Booked! Reference number is FQB8ZKSP. You will pay 70.7 GBP at the station.
OK I got it. Thanks for your help.
Okay please call us again.
I need to find a place to eat and would prefer Indian food.
It would be my pleasure to assist you in your restaurant search. Do you have a preference on price point and/or area of the city?
I would love for it to be in the east and be moderately priced.
There are two indian restaurants in the east, curry price and rajmahal. Would you like me to book you a table at one?
Yes please. Could you make a reservation for 8 at 18:15 on Wednesday?
I'm sorry sir, neither restaurant is available at that moment.  Do you want to try a different day or time?
how about 17:15. Get me a reference number for that.
I have booked you at the curry prince. Reference number is  MRQELLG2. May I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I could use a suggestion on a great museum to visit after we eat at the restaurant. 
I recommend Cambridge Artworks, which is a free museum in the same part of town as your restaurant.
Could I get the address, postcode and entrance fee? 
Cambridge Artworks is located at 5 Greens Road in postcode cb13ef, and it's free to enter.
Cool.  Can you help me book a taxi?  I need it to get to the restaurant from the museum by my reservation time.
Booking is complete, look for a grey ford, the phone number is 07959689504, may I assist with anything else?
That's all, you've been a great help!
Happy to help! Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre, please.
There are many choices and many price ranges. What type of food and price range are you looking for?
Asian oriental, and expensive please!
I found the Kymmoy restaurant.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, I'd like a table for four people at 13:30 on Wednesday please.  
Okay, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please do give me the reference number.
Okay, the booking was successful. The reference number is ZNRO4W2P.
 Can you also help me find a hotel?
Sure! Are you looking for anything specific?
I want an expensive 3 star hotel that has free internet. The area doesn't matter. 
The gonville and Lensfield hotel have shown up under that criteria.  do you have a preference?
The gonville please
Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, for 4 people. It'll be a total of 4 nights starting from Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : JFBOXS4X. Anything else? 
I don't need anything else.
Great! I hope you enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I'm looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
It's located at Hills Rd. Postcode is CB20QQ. Do you need more information?
No thanks. I just needed the postcode.
The postcode to the hospital is CB20QQ.
That's all I needed. Thanks, good bye.
You are welcome. Call back if you need anything else.
I am looking for a train leaving broxbourne.
I can help with that! Your destination will be cambridge I presume, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on a Saturday.
There are hourly trains from 5:32 onward. Did you have a particular time of day in mind?
Yes I want to travel on a Saturday.
Where is your destination located?
I should have confirmed that I am indeed going to Cambridge.
Thank you for confirming that.  One more detail: Did you have a particular time period in mind for your trip?
Yes.  I want to arrive in Cambridge by 21:30.  
TR7846 will get you into Cambridge by 10:32.  Would you like me to book a seat on that for you?
No I don't need to book a seat, but can you tell me the departure time. 
Of course. The departure time for that train is 09:32 with an arrival time of 10:32. It's a 60 minute ride. Anything else I can help with?
I need a place to go in town.
Did you have a specific place or area in mind?
The centre, please.
There are numerous places in the Centre, can you tell me what type if place or activity you would like to do and maybe we can narrow it down?
How about a zoo or art gallery? 
I'm afraid we don't have a zoo, although if you like plants there is the Cambridge University Botanic Gardens. There are several galleries, such as Regency Gallery and Ruskin Gallery.
Are there entrance fees to these places?
The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens are 4 pounds, and the Regency and Ruskin Galleries are free.
Please, I need the address and phone number for the Regency and Ruskin Galleries. Thanks.
The address for the regency gallery is 39 fitzroy street and the phone number is 01223365454. For ruskin gallery it's anglia ruskin university, east road, their number is 01245493131.
One more thing. Would you confirm the attraction type for the regency gallery and ruskin gallery?
The Ruskin Gallery is a museum. Do you need anything else?
That will be all, thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel in Cambridge.
I have three choices for you.  Do you have an area that is more convenient for you?
Yes, can you check the north please?
There are two hotels that match what you're looking for.  The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge.   Does either of those sound preferable?  
can you book me at Ashley Hotel for 1 and 3 nights ?
No problem!  What day are you wanting to check in?
On wednesday please
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes that's what I already asked you to do. 
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 40GGN5EY. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for some information on a restaurant called Efes. I'll need the phone number, price range, and postcode, please?
sure, its moderate, phone is 01223500005 and the postcode is cb11ln, anything else?
Thank you, that'll be all today.
If the hotel and restaurant are all you need for today, then thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
i need a place to stay
Okay, what area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse with free parking in the expensive range.
I'm sorry I don't have anything that matches that criteria.
Okay. Do you have anything matching that description in the moderate price range instead?
Yes, I have 9 options for you!
Can you suggest one and make me a booking for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Sunday?
Sure, your all set for the acorn house, your confirmation number is C9BFUP76. Anything else today?
I would like something fun to do in the middle of town. 
Club Salsa is a fun nightclub in city centre. The address is 1 station road. Is this the type if attraction you were interested in?
I'm actually looking for a place that's considered an entertainment venue.
I'm sorry. There are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Is there another area I can look at for you?
How about a college instead?
There are 13 colleges to visit in the city centre. If I may recommend something, Gonville and Caius College is quite lovely this time of year, and their entrance fee is free.
Great. Can you get me a taxi to the college.
Sure, are you wanting to depart from Club Salsa? When do you want to arrive by?
I want to leave from the college by 21:45.
a yellow lexus will be picking you up the contact number is 07394743524, anything else today?
No, that'll be it for me. Bye
Okay, goodbye and have a great day
I'm looking for a hotel called rosa's bed and breakfast?
rosa's bed and breakfast	is a cheap 4 star guesthouse located in the south at 53 roseford road.  free internet and parking.
I'd like to book it for 6 people and 3 nights starting from thursday. Can you do that for me and provide me with a reference number please?
Your reservation number is L4FIU0QG. Is there anything else I may help you with?
Suddenly I'm hungry, could you find me a fancy expensive restaurant in the centre area?
There are a lot of possibilities, what type of food are you suddenly hungry for?  
British?  My favorite.
Fitzbillies Restaurant meets your criteria. 
OK, can you reserve a table for the six of us?
Would you like this reservation be for Thursday?  
Yes please, at about 14:00. We'll be starving after a our long trip. 
Your table has been booking. Reference number ELQBJP3R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think that will take care of it.  Thank you very much.
May I book you  taxi or anything else?
No that is all, thank you.
Okay, have a great trip!
Hello are you familiar with Rosa's bed and breakfast? I've been looking for this hotel for forever!
It's a guesthouse in the south, located on 53 roseford road, cb22ha. It's a cheap 4 star hotel with free internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Okay. yes let's book it from Tuesday for 4 people for 5 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : JPK1Y99E.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That's it, thank you for the help.
Have a great trip.
Wait, can you also find me a place to dine? 
I most certainly can. What type of food are you interested in? Do you prefer a certain area or price range?
Im looking for a place that serves Swiss food, more on the expensive side.
I'm sorry. I don't see any restaurants that serve Swiss food at any price range. Would you like to try a different cuisine in the expensive range?
Yes Korean please, I love that BBQ LOL
I found Little Seoul located in the centre in the expensive range.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, 4 people at 14:30 on tuesday.
Please find a taxi for me that can commute us to that location!
You seem nice, but I would rather just have this meal with my group, plus you have access to the taxi system, not me., but thank you for help
I have you booked at Little Seoul. Your reference number is GHPSLEDY. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
No. Thank you. The lodging and dining were my concerns. Goodbye.
Thank you for letting me assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
Hi, I'm interested in getting some information about the cherry hinton village centre in Cambridge. 
It is a multiple sports venue on the east side of town.  The phone number is 01223576412.
What is their entrance fee?
I'm afraid that the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number?
No, thanks. Could you recommend a hotel in the west with free parking?
The cambridge belfry is a cheap hotel, 4 star, and offers free parking and WiFi. Would you like me to book you a stay?
Is it a guesthouse? I'm looking for a guesthouse.
No, but the finches bed and breakfast is. Can I book you a room there?
I actually don't need reservations just information.  What can you tell me about the Finches Bed and Breakfast?
finches bed and breakfast is a 4 start guesthouse in the west part of town in the cheap price range with free internet and parking.
What's their postcode?
their postcode is cb30nd
OK. Would it be possible to get a taxi from the guesthouse to the sports complex?
Yes, I can do that. I just need to know when you want to leave or arrive by, please/
I want to leave the hotel at 22:45.
A taxi has been booked. It is a grey Tesla and the phone number is 07972543757.
Thank you so much! You've been so helpful. That's all I need. Have a good day. Goodbye. 
Your welcome, have a great day too!
Do they have any cheap places to stay on the west side?
There is 1 guesthouse and 1 hotel that are cheap on the west side. Which one do you prefer?
The guest house, please.
finches bed and breakfast is a cheap guesthouse in the west area. Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thank you, but could you tell me the phone number? And do they have free internet?
Yes they do have free internet, and the phone number is 01223276653.
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train that goes to cambridge and arrives at the destination after 13:00.
I will be happy to find one for you. What day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday and want to leave from peterborough.
I have a 13:17 or a 15:17? would those departure times work for you?
No I need an earlier train.
I'm afraid that's all we've got.
I'm sorry I may have confused you. I would want to go from Petersborough to Cambridge on Saturday and arrive by 13:00, so anything that will get me there before that.
Sure, when would you like to depart?
It doesn't matter.  I just need to get to Cambridge before 13:00.  I will need 5 seats please.
The TR5538 departs Peterborough at 11:48 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:38 with a duration of 50 minutes. The cost is 13.20 pounds. Would you like to book a ticket on this train, or should we look at some other times?
That sounds perfect, can you book that for 5 people for me, please?
Booked! You pay 66 GBP at the station. Reference number: Z66EG4L8.
You've been very helpful. Thank you. Goodbye.
Have a good trip. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Could you help me find a museum to visit?
We have 23 museums in Cambridge. Do you have a particular part of the city you'd like to go?
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend me one?
Sure. I really enjoy Castle Galleries. It's conveniently located in the town centre and has free admission.
That sounds good. What is the phone number there?
The number there is 01223307402.  Anything else?
Awesome, thanks. No, that's all I need. 
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit to Castle Galleries!
I want to know where I can go in the town centre of Cambridge.
There are many places to go in the centre. Are you looking for an attraction or restaurant?
An attraction of any type would be fine as long as it's in the centre, please.
I could recommend old schools. It is architecture and free to see. Would you like more information?
Yes tell me one of those recommendations. 
Old Schools is an architectural attraction on Trinity Lane that has no entrance fee. Their phone number is 01223332320. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you provide me the full address including postal code?  Thanks.  
The address listed for Old Schools is simply Trinity Lane. And their postcode is cb21tt. Is there anything more I can do for you today? 
Yes, I would also like to find an expensive restaurant in the same area.
What kind of food would you like and what price range
I would prefer British food and an expensive price range if possible.
I have three restaurants in the town centre that meet your needs.  Might I suggest the Cambridge Chop house or Fitzbillies restaurant?
Can you please recommend one and give me their postcode and phone number? 
The Cambridge Chop House is a favorite of mine. It's located at 1 Kings Parade. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks, but I am interested in getting a tax from Old Schools to the Cambridge Chop House. Can you help?
What time will you be needing the taxi service for?
I would like to leave Old Schools by 19:00.
Okay your all set! A red lexus will be picking you up the contact number is 07885505407, is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you that will be all I need.
I'm happy to have been of service. Goodbye!
I am looking for a Saturday train departure from Cambridge
What destination would you like me to look for?
I'm hoping for a train to bishops stortford after 21:15.
There are 2 trains that fit this request. One at 21:29 and another at 23:29. Did you want me to book one of them for you?
Yes please book the train for 23:29. 
How many tickets do you need?
I don't need a booking, but can you tell me the train ID, travel time, and arrival time of that train?
TR0123 is the train ID. It leaves at 23:29 and arrives at 24:07. Did you need any more information about the train?
No, but I need to find a restaurant. It should serve vietnamese food and it should be in the north.
Unfortunately, I'm not seeing any Vietnamese restaurants in the north. Would you like to try a different area or type of cuisine?
How about a Chinese restaurant. Ideally expensive.
Hakka and The Hotpot are both expensive Chinese restaurants on the north side of town. Would you like a table at one of these?
I'd like to reserve a table for 3 at The Hotpot for 10:00 Saturday. I'll need a reference number as well.
I've booked that for you. The reference number is ZAV4B1D8. What else can I help you with?
That'll be everything. Thank you!
You're welcome! Thanks for using our services.
Hello, do you know where the parkside police station is?
It is in Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Can I get the phone number?
Their contact number is 01223358966.  
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
You're welcome. If you think of anything else I can help you with don't hesitate to ask.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Great! Can I help you with transportation, lodging or attractions while here?
I am looking for an attraction called cambridge university botanic gardens. 
That is located in the centre. The address is bateman street. Can I give you any other information?
Can I have their postcode and phone please? Also I need a train out of cambridge on tuesday.
Okay the post code is cb21jf and phone number is 01223336265. 
I need a train that leaves on Tuesday after 9:30 and arrives in London Liverpool street. 
What time would you like to arrive by?
I don't need to arrive at a specific time, as long as the train leaves after 9:30. 
The TR4494 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Great can I get 6 tickets for that?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 99.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PAR7KYOS.
Great, thanks, that's everything I need.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I would like to purchase a train ticket to Peterborough.
Sure, when will you be leaving Cambridge?
I would like to travel on Tuesday and leave sometime after 11:15. 
Is there a time you need to arrive by?
Not really. Can I also please have the travel time of the train.
okay the TR4344 matches your request and the travel time is 50 minutes. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
What time will the train arrive? Also, I am looking to stay at the Gonville Hotel. What availability is there for that hotel?
The train will arrive at 12:24. As for the Gonville hotel, I can check that availability...how many nights were you looking to stay?
Oh, I just wanted information. Does that hotel have free parking?
Yes, the Gonville does offer free parking.
Excellent. Thanks for the help.
You very welcome! Is there anything else we can help you with? 
No, that is all I need for today. 
Thanks for contacting us. Have a nice day!
Can you help me find a train leaving Stevenage on Thursday? Thanks.
Certainly.  What time do you need to be in Cambridge?
I need it to arrive by 13:15. 
Train TR1163 is leaving at 05:54. would you like me to book you a seat?
What is the price?
It is 12.80 pounds.
Sounds reasonable enough. I'll book it myself but please find me some places to visit in town
Are you looking for a hotel?
No, looking for a pool in the centre in town. 
Parkside pools is located at gonville place in the centre of town.
What's the address, postcode, and phone number for that place?
Parkside Pools is located at Gonville Place, postcode cb11ly. They can be reached at 01223446100. Do you need anything other help today?
That is all thank you.
You are welcome, enjoy your day.
Thanks. Enjoy your day too. Bye now.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Can you help me find some european food in Cambridge?
There are 11 European style restaurants. What price ranges are you looking for?
Expensive price range. Please book it for 4 people at 18:15 on Monday
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I will definitely need that.
Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is GDZZ5T1Y.  Can I assist you further?
I also need a place to stay?
There are 33 hotels to choose from. Can we narrow this down? Are you interested in a particular part of town or specific price range?
I do not care about the area but I would like it to be expensive.
I have many to choose from. Do you have a preference for internet or parking?
Yes, I would like it to have internet. 
I found 5 hotels matching your request.  I would recommend Huntingdon Marriott Hotel located in the west.  It has a 4 star rating.  
How about price range? The hotel should also be very expensive. I won't settle for less and neither will Fi-Fi.
How about the Gonville Hotel which is centrally located? It has internet and is expensive.
That sounds perfect. Let's book it.
Alright! How many people will be staying starting what day?
4 people will be staying
On what day will you be checking in?
I will be staying on Monday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : M6FRXJOV.
That is all, thanks.
Great. If you need help in the future, please contact us. Enjoy your stay.
Hi there, I'm trying to find a train that leaves from Leicester but it must be after 11:15. Can you help me book a ticket? 
I see there is a train on Friday that leaves leicester at 14:09  to Cambridge, could you book me a ticket for this train?
Please book me a ticket for that train.
Did you only need one ticket?
I just need the train ID please. 
The train ID is TR6247, would you like to book a seat?
No thank you. That's not necessary. Can you help me find an indian restaurant in the centre of town? 
I have 9 restaurants in that area. May I ask what your budget for lunch is? 
Nothing expensive please.
There are three cheap resturants int hat area, kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge.
The Ghandi sounds nice. Can I get their address? And they are a cheap restaurant, right? 
Yes, the gandhi is in the cheap price range.  Their address is 72 Regent Street City Centre.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No thank you, their information is enough at this time. Do they have a phone number?
Yes, their phone number is 01223353942.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from leicester on thursday and should leave after 11:15.
I have a 12:09 that arrives at 13:54. Would that do for you?
Yes, that would be fine. Could I get the train ID?
The train ID is TR8882. Can I help you with anything else?
I think that is all for now. 
The duration of the trip is 105 minutes. Have a great day!
I want to go to a particular attraction called great saint mary's church. Where is it?
The great saint mary's church is in city centre, the entrance fee is 2 pounds. Would you like more information?
Please provide the address.
The address is Market Square and the postcode is cb23pq. Is there anything else I can find for you?
I also need a train leaving from cambridge and should leave after 13:45.
What is your destination and what day will you be leaving Cambridge?
I'd like the train for Saturday and I'm headed to London Liverpool Street, please.
great! the TR4466 leaves at 13:59!
I need to book that for 6 people.
I will work on booking this for you.
Please provide the reference number after booking is completed.
I will just a minute please 
Hello, I'm trying to find an expensive asian oriental restaurant. Can you help me find one?
Saigon city is in the north of town and Kymmoy is in the center.
Could you book one of them for Thursday at 13:15 for 5 people? Thanks
I have booked you a table for 5 at Kymmoy at 52 Mill Road City.  Reference number 1BBUM6YN.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, thank you. 
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you too
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Goodbye!
I need to book a train leaving cambridge on thursday can you help me?
Absolutely! To help narrow your search, where would you like to arrive at?
I need to arrive no later than 18:30. 
We have quite a few trains that fit that criteria, what destination do you have in mind?
Can you find me one that will arrive in Norwich please
I have a train that arrives at 17:55, if that's acceptable? 
Yes that would be fine what is the price?
The price is 17.60. Would you like me to book that for you/
I'm also looking for things to do in the centre, would it be possible to get phone numbers for the various attractions?
All saints church 01223452587, great saint mary's church 01223350914, pembroke college 01223338100
Okay, that's all I needed. Thank you!
you're welcome. thank you for using our sysyem.
Have a great day!
Thanks, you too!
I'm looking for Milton Country Park. Can you tell me about it?
Of course, it's a park located in the north area of town and has no entrance fee. The phone number there is 01223420060
What kind of attraction is it?
It is a country park? Would you like to find anything else today?
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves international food and located in the centre of town.
The Varsity Restaurant is your best bet. Would you like a table there?
Is that in the moderate price range?
It sure is. May i book it for you?
No thank you but I would like the full address and phone number please.
The address for the Varsity Restaurant is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre, cb23ar. The phone number is 01223356060. Can I help you with anything else?
Can you book me a taxi between the two places? I want to get to the attraction by 20:45.
Your taxi has been booked. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
Could I please have the contact number and car type for the taxi?
Yes. The contact number is 07874698505 and the car type is a Grey Skoda. Can I help with anything else?
No thank you, that was everything that I needed help with. Thank you very much for helping me.
Have a great day!
Hi, I am looking for a train. Can you help me, please?
Where do you need to go?
I need to go to bringham new street by 17:30
OK, what day are you traveling, and do you need to leave or arrive by 17:30?
I am traveling on sunday and need to arrive by 17:30 coming from cambridge
I have 10 routes that might work for you, leaving hourly from 05:01 to 14:01. I'd recommend TR6908 which arrives at 16:44. Would you like to book?
Please give me their travel time and price of TR6908.
Sure, the travel time is 163 minutes, and the price is 60.08 pounds. May I help with anything else?
No, you have been great. Goodbye.
Okay glad I could help. Please call again.
Can you please tell me about the Alpha-Milton Guest House?
Absolutely! They are a wonderful guesthouse in the northern part of town. They are moderately priced and rated 3 stars.
Do they have free parking?
No they unfortunately do not have parking.  Is there anything else i can help you with or any other information you would like to know about that hotel or area?
No, thats ok. I do need a train to Cambridge on Tuesday though.
Where are you departing from? And what time would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by 15:30 and am leaving london kings cross.
TR3456 leaves London Kings Cross on Tuesday at 13:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:08. The cost is 23.60 pounds. Will this meet your needs?
What is the total travel time on that one?
travel time is 51 minutes.
thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that will be all.
Ok great, enjoy your trip! Goodbye. 
I'm looking for a place to dine in the town centre, with an expensive price range.
Alright, there are thirty-three possible restaurants for you to dine at, should I make you reservations at one of them?
Are there any with north american food? 
Yes, there is the Gourmet Burger kitchen, address Regent Street City Centre, postalcode cb21ab.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please book a party of 4 at 11:30 Tuesday. Please include a reference number. 
I've went ahead and booked that. The reference number is PDIWVU9D. 
I'm also looking for a train. The train should arrive by 08:00 and should depart from peterborough.
Great, I can book that for you. What day will you be traveling?
I would like to travel on Tuesday, as well.
There are four trains that depart peterborough and arrive in cambridge by 08:00. Would you like me to book one for you?
yes, and could you provide the travel time and the train ID please?
I have booked your train ticket for the 5:19 from Peterborough to Cambridge. The train ID is TR5042 and the ride will last 50 minutes. You should arrive by 06:09
Wonderful, thanks. That is everything I needed.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a gastropub. 
There are 4 gastropubs in Cambridge, did you have an area in mind?
Yes, I'd like it to be an expensive place in the centre.
There are 2 expensive gastropubs in the centre of town. Would you prefer the Backstreet Bistro or The Slug and Lettuce?
I'd like to book the Backstreet Bistro for 2 people at 12:15 on Wednesday.
You have a reservation at the Backstreet Bistro at your requested time. Your reference number is FCSK34OH.
Is there anything else that I have to do on my part??
That's all, thank you for using our system.
Actually, can you also please tell me what colleges there are in the center of town?
There are 13 different colleges in the centre of town.
Which one is the most interesting?
There is Christ's College in the Centre area. This may be of interest to you.
What is their phone number?
The phone number for Christ's College is 01223334900. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all I need help with today. Thank you.
You are welcome. Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
Can you help me find a restaurant with a moderate price range that serves turkish food? 
There are two restaurants: antolia and efes restaurant. Need a reservation?
Sure. I'd like a table for 2 at antolia on thursday at 13:45.
Here is your booking information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0TAI4M3W.
I am also looking for a moderate priced guesthouse to stay in that includes free parking
Thanks a lot welcome again
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves european food while I'm in Cambridge. 
Darry's Cookhouse and Wine Shop is located at 40270 King Street at the City Centre. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, please, and their postcode as well.
Phone is 01223505015 and postcode cb11ln.  Would you like me to get you a table?  
No. But I need a train going to Ely.
Where are you travelling from and what time?
I am departing from cambridge on monday and I need to arrive to Ely by 11:15.
I have 3 trains available leaving at 06:07, 08:07, and 10:07.  What time would you like to leave?
You choose one please. I need it for 4 people. 
I booked you on TR8399 arriving at 10:07. Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AVBKNMXQ.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's all. Thanks so much!
You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay.
Hi, can you give me some information on places to stay on my trip?
I can we have 33 places to stay, do you have any pricerange or area you'd like to stay?
I'd like one in the expensive price range that includes free wifi.
The University Arms Hotel is very nice and includes free parking as well as wifi.   Does that sound good?
Sounds good, could you book me a room for three people for three nights starting Thursday?
I have made a booking here is the information-Booking was successful. Reference number is : VPNP1BF0. 
Great, thank you. I'm also looking for a college to visit in the centre, do you have any recommendations? 
Certainly. There are 13 located in the centre. Are you wanting one that has free admission?
Yes, free admission would be nice.
Christ's College is in the centre and has free entrance fee.
Thank you. Can you tell me their post code please? 
The post code for Christ's College is cb23bu.
Awesome, thanks for your help! I'm finished now, bye!
Your very welcome.
Hi, I could use help with my planning.  I am trying to find a place to stay.
Ok, to help us find the right place for you lets talk about what you would like. Do you have a price range you prefer? Or an area of town?
I would like it to be in the south and have a rating of 3 stars.
We have a moderately priced guesthouse and an expensive hotel that match your requirements.
Does either offer free parking?
They both offer free parking and internet.
Okay can you please book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Tuesday?
Which one? The guesthouse or the hotel?
The hotel, please.
Reference number is : BS0ODSGJ. Is there anything else?
Yes, I also need a train from stevenage to cambridge. I want to leave after 10:15 on tuesday.
I have train TR0517 that leaves at 11:54. Would that be something that would work for you? 
That's perfect. Could I get the train ID and travel time?
The travel time is 49 minutes.
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
You're very welcome! Thank you! Bye!
I need to find a Chinese food restaurant to dine at located in the north. Can you help?
I'm here to help!  There are 2 expensive restaurants and 1 moderate price.  Do you have a preference? 
Nah, just book me a table at your favorite! I need it at 12:45 on Thursday. Table for 6, please.
You are all booked at Hakka, located on Milton Road in Chesterton.  Great place. Your reference number is 76N3GIHO and the table will be held for 15 minutes.
I also need a hotel that has free parking and wifi. 
Ashley hotel offers parking and wifi and is within moderate pricing range. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Is it a guesthouse or a hotel?
Were you looking for a hotel with a guesthouse? 
I need to book for 6 people, 2 nights, starting on thursday.
I have 2 hotels that are available. Would you like to book one?
yes please, for 6 people starting thurs. for 2 nights, I need the confirmation # too please
You're booked at Ashley Hotel! Your reference number is SPSKXM90. 
Thank you! I also need a taxi to get to the restaurant. 
Sure! Do you have a time preference?
I want to commute between the hotel and restaurant. I need to be at the restaurant by the booked time,12:45.
Ok! I booked that for you! Your car will be a red volvo. The contact number is 07919056928. Is there anything else I can do for you? 
No, that should be all. Thank you.
You're very welcome. Please contact us again, if we can be of further service.
I'm looking for a restaurant, something moderately priced.
There are five restaurants in the moderate price range. They sever british and asian oriental, which are you looking for?
iam looking for something asian oriental and not so expensive restaurant.
I have the Yippee Noodle Bar that meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
That would be great. I need to for 2 people at 13:00 on Tuesday. Can you provide the reference number for the reservation?
Here is the reference number: MVMT06FY
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye. 
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I'm hoping you can help me find a particular attraction.
Sure, what are you looking for?
I'm looking for a place called cambridge and county folk museum
Cambridge and country folk museum is located on the west area at 2-3 castle street postcode cb30aq.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a particular restaurant called the Meze Bar Restaurant please. 
I have it here. What would you like to know?
Could you book a table for 1 at 16:30 on Monday?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : JGNMHYR5.  Is there anything I can do to assist you? 
I will also need a taxi to get from the attraction to restaurant.
Your booking was successful.  Your taxi will be a blue Audi and the contact number is 07434215242.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you that's all I needed today. 
Have a nice day and enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for an Indian restaurant in the centre. 
I have found 9 results for an Indian restaurant in the centre area, do you have a price preference?
An expensive indian restaurant located in the centre please.
Saffron Brasserie is located in the centre area.  Would you like me to book a table?
No but can I get the phone number, address and postcode please?
Yes. The address is Hills Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223354679. Their postcode is cb21la. Is there anything else I can help with? 
Yes, I need some information about the train schedule. I want to leave on Saturday.
Sure thing what places and times would you like to travel?
I'm going to bishops stortford after work, after 21:15 would work.
I have two trains that leave after that time. One departs at 21:29 and the other departs at 23:29. Which would you prefer? 
I would like to book the first one. Can you give me the price on that?
The price of that is 8.08 pounds. 
Ok thank you for the information that's all I needed today. 
ok have a great time
Am looking for the nearest police station
The Parkside Police Station address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG. Their telephone number is 01223358966.
Got it. Thank you for your help.
You are most welcome!
I need a place to eat in the south that serves italian food.
Pizza hut cherry hinton, and frankie and bennys are both in the south part of town serving italian food.
I would like Pizza hut cherry hinton. What is the postcode?
The postcode for that restaurant is cb17dy. Did you need anything else?
I don't need anything else at this time. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for letting me help you.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
I'm looking for a cheap hotel that includes free wifi.
That gives us about 10 options. To narrow it down some, do you have a certain area of town you prefer?
I don't care about the area it is in, but I will need free parking.
Okay I could recommend the Allenbell which is a 4 star guesthouse with free parking in the cheap price range located on the east side.
Ok, the Allenbell will do. Can you book me a room for 3 people, 2 nights starting Tuesday please?
Yes your booking was successful! Your reservation number is KQ23HDJ5.
I also need a train leaving Kings Lynn. 
Sure.  Where will you be going to?
I'm headed to cambridge
What day and time would you like to travel to Cambridge?
same day as the hotel booking
And what time do you wish to leave/arrive?
I need to arrive by 12:15. Thanks
I have train TR9854 leaving at 5:11 and arriving at 5:58.
Thank you for the information. I'm ready for my visit. Good day and goodbye.
Enjoy your visit. Thank you for using the  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day
I am looking for a train to Petersborough.
I'm sorry there are no trains to petersborough.  Is there another location I can check for you?
No, I need a train from Cambridge to petersborough on Thursday.
There are 38 trains. What time do you want to leave or to arrive by, please?
I just need to leave by 08:30.
There is a 8:34 train to Peterborough on Thursday. I would arrive at 9:24.
Yes that would be fine please book for 6 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 99 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 0ZN13UIU
Thank you that is all I needed today.
You're very welcome! Have a great day & enjoy your trip!
I need a place to stay!  Can you help?
We have many guesthouses and hotels in town. Are you looking for something specific?
the hotel should have a star of 4 and should be in the cheap price range. The hotel should be in the east and should include free wifi
Sure, I can help with that.  Were you looking for a specific type of entertainment?  
I am looking for the east area.
The allenbell would suite your needs .Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please. I'm coming in on tuesday and will need 5 nights for 3 people. 
All set. The AllenBell is expecting your party on Tuesday and your reference is ZEPTV9PC. Please let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
Yes please. I'd like to go see a college that's in the same area as the hotel. 
Unfortunately I'm not showing anything under those specifications.
Ok, how about a museum?
I have four options.   The cambridge artworks is free entrance and I personally recommend it. 
Please send me their postcode.
The postcode is cb13ef.  Anything else I can help with?
That is all. Thanks so much!
Have a great time.
I need to find a train going to londons kings cross that would arrive by 17:15
I have 21 trains that match your request. Where will you be departing from?
Leaving Cambridge this coming Sunday.
I'm sorry, we don't have any trains arriving by 17:15. The earliest train will arrive at london kings cross at 19:51. Do you need anything else?
No thanks.  Go ahead and book the train for 4 people and please provide the reference number.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 75.52 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is : UMS71SR7.  Your train will leave at 19:00. 
Thank you. I also need to find a place to stay.
Any particular area you would like to stay?
In the East part of town, please. I need free WiFi.
Okay! Would you like to stay in a hotel, or in a guesthouse?
i dont mind either. 
We have seven places, any preference on price or rating?
I need a 4 star place that has free wifi. 
Okay! What price range would you like?
I don't really have a preference.
Ok. We've narrowed to 6 options. Do you want parking?
No parking is not a concern of mine.
Would you like to try allenbell?
Yes, please book me for 4 people, for 5 night starting on Tuesday.
I have made those reservations and the reference number is  I4K0OYPF.
Thank you that is all I needed. 
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need to find a cheap place to eat in Cambridge.
I have lots of options for you. Do you prefer a certain area or type of food?
Cheap world food, please.
We don't have any of those unfortunately. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Yeah, how about a Mediterranean restaurant in the centre of town?
I have three places, would you prefer it still be cheap or would expensive work as well?
I would still like cheap please.
That would be the gardenia, at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Can you give me the postcode, please? 
Certainly.  The post code is cb2311
I also need a place to stay in the centre. 1 star, please.
I don't have any 1 star hotels but I have a 0 star hotel called El Shaddai in the Centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
How about any with 4 stars?
Alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap 4 star guesthouse in the centre.  Will that be okay?
Yes, please book me for one person. Do they have internet and what is their phone number?
Yes, they offer free internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223525725. In order to book that for you, can you tell me what day you want to start your stay?
I do not need the hotel booked, but I do need to schedule a taxi to take me from the hotel to the restaurant.
Okay, when would you like to arrive by?
I would like to leave the hotel by 02:45.
Great! You're booked with a black tesla and the contact number is 07413441845. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that covers it all. Thanks so much for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Thank you. Have a great day!
You are very welcome! I hope you enjoy your trip and you can always let us know if you need any more assistance.
I am looking for a hotel in the Cambridge area called the limehouse. 
The Limehouse is a moderately priced guesthouse on the north side of Cambridge. They are a 4-star establishment and offer free parking and Internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes. Book for 2 people for 4 nights on thursday and I'll need the reference number too please
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is Q5BKFIC3
Thank you. Can you find us some good eats, too? We'd like something moderately priced that serves South African cuisine.
I was unable to find anything matching that. Would you like to try again?
How about African food in general?
We have one restaurant, the Bedouin. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
yes please. 
I would be happy to book a reservation for 2.  What day are you looking at and time?
2 people for Thursday at 19:00 please
I have your table for 2 booked at the Bedouin.  Would you like anything else?
I need the reference number too please.
The reference number is 0LG9G1BT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that is all I need.
Okay, great! Enjoy your day.
I need to book a taxi departing from parkside police station.
Okay, what is your destination?
i need to go to aylesbray lodge guest house.
Okay, what time do you want to leave?
I need to arrive by 18:15.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	white toyota Contact number	:	07160513391
I want to find an expensive restaurant in the south part of town. What is the address?
What type of food are you looking for?
Any type of food is fine, just need to know where it is located.
chiquito restaurant bar serves mexican food in the expensive price range and in south. it is located at 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road cherry hinton. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, thank you.
Thank you for calling and please use our system again. Goodbye.
Goodbye.
thank you, goodbye.
I'm wanting to go to a museum around the middle of Cambridge. 
There are several.  May I suggest Castle Galleries?  It has free admission.
That is perfect.  Can I get the phone number, postcode, and address please?
It's at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, postcode cb23bj, phone 01223307402.  Is there anything else you need?
Actually, I need to find a train to cambridge, are you able to help with that?
Of course! From where are you traveling, and when would you like to depart?
I'll be traveling from Kings Lynn to Cambridge on Thursday. I want to leave after 9:30.
Ok I have one train that leaves at 10:11 would you like me to go ahead book that for you 
make a booking for 7 people. 
I have you booked for 7 people on train TR6298. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Yes, can I also get the reference number for that train?
reference number ZVHHCNYU 
Thank you, I think that will be everything. Goodbye.
You're welcome! Enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I'm looking for a place to stay that is moderately priced and includes free wifi.
Did you want a guesthouse or a hotel. Maybe you need a certain area of town?
Either would work for me. Just a decent room is all I really need. I'm going to be at a business conference in the north so maybe in that area. 
I think the ashley Hotel best suites your needs, would you like me to book a room?
Yes please. I'll need a room for 7 people and 3 nights starting on Monday.
Okay, your booking was successful.  The reference number is : BBO5NVNF. Is there anything else I can help you with?
thank you for helping 
You are so welcome. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Yes, I need a train on Tuesday from Cambridge.
Is there a specific time and destination you are traveling to?
i need to get to kings lynn. i want to leave after 20:45
There is a train that leaves at 21:00.
That sounds good. What is the arrival time and train ID? I'll also need the price of the ticket.
TR8387 Will arrive at 21:58. 9.80 pounds.
Thanks for the information. I believe I have everything I need.
Okay glad I could help.
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.
There are many places to go in the centre of Cambridge: marvelous architecture, colleges, museums, theatres, and more. Are any of these options particularly interesting to you?
I'm not picky, I'm totally open to suggestions. Can you pick your favorite and let me know the address?
Oh, wonderful. I'd recommend Club Salsa, on 1 Station Road. It's a nightclub and the entrance fee is 5 GBP, but it's worth it!
I'm also looking for a hotel. I want a place with a 3 star rating and free wifi.
I have 5 results of places with 3 star ratings.  To help narrow it down a bit, what area do you prefer and what price range?
Sure, how about something cheap?
There are no cheap hotels with that search. Would you like a different price range?
Anything moderately priced in the 3 star rating, with free wifi, please.
bridge guest house	is a moderately priced 3 star hotel in the south with internet. Do you want to make a booking?
Yes, please book me for 7 people and three nights starting on Tuesday and please also give me a reference number for the booking. I also would like a taxi.
Success! I was able to book that for you and your reference number is  8E1NHOEK. Anything else?
Yes I need a taxi to leave the Club Salsa by 17:30 heading back to the hotel.
A black Toyota will pick you up at 17:30 at Club Salsa to take you back to the Bridge Guest House. Contact number is 07280181013. Will that be all?
That's great! That's all I need. Thanks.
Great! Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
I need a place to stay. Something moderately priced, with free wifi.
I like acorn guest house.  Need a reservation?
Does the Acorn Guest House also offer free parking?
It does have free parking.  Would you like to reserve a room?
yes would you reserve andd book it for me with a confirmation number ?
Yes certainly. For how many nights will you be staying and how many people will be staying and when do you wish to arrive?
I need it for 3 people and 3 nights starting Sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : PSNFSRQI. anything else i can help you with?
Yes please. I need a restaurant in the north, same price range as the hotel, and serves swiss food. 
We don't have any such restaurants in the north. Do you want to search for something different?
Can we try for one that serves Indian food instead?
The Nirala is a moderately priced indian restaurant in the north. Can I book you any tables?
Yes, book a table for 3 at 11:30 on the same day if you can.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1GD9Z858.
Thanks for your help today. 
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Yes I am looking for information on a restaurant called Bangkok City.
That is an expensive Thai restaurant.  Do you want me to book a reservation?
Yes, 5 people, friday at 14:15.
Sorry, there are no tables available for your party then. Perhaps another day or time?
Oh no.  Can you get us in at 13:15 then?
Yes, that time is available, and I've reserved your table. The reference number is WI602I6M. 
Thanks! That's all I needed today - goodbye!
Awesome. Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for places to visit. I'd like to find any sports related attractions in the south.
I'm sorry, there aren't any sports attractions in the south. Would you be interested in another area?
Are there any entertainment attractions in that area?
there two entertainment attractions in that area the nusha and the tenpin. would you like the addresses for them?
Yes, I still need the address, postcode, and entrance fee for the Nusha, please.
Nusha is located at unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road, postcode cb17dy. I don't have any information on the entrance fee. What else can I help you with? 
I need a 4-star place to stay. I don't care about internet, but I do need free parking.
There are 19 entries that match your specifications. Do you need any more specifications?
Actually I do need free wifi.
Do you have any price preferences? Or area preferences?
I don't really care, I just need free parking and prefer 4 stars.
How about Acorn Guest House. It's at 154 Chersterton Road.
Can you try to book that for me for 6 people for 3 nights from Wednesday?
I was unable to book Acorn Guest House for you. Would you like to try a different hotel? Or perhaps a shorter stay?
Yes, I'll shorten my stay. How about 1 night?
OK, I have you booked at the Acorn for 1 night! Your Reference number is GFSN1SHY. Is there anything else i can help you with today?
Yes actually. I will need a taxi to leave the hotel at 4:45 to head to the Nusha.
Okay sure. I have booked that for you and your contact number for the driver is: 07195670404. A black Volkswagen will be picking you up.
Perfect! You've given me all of the information I need. Thanks.
You're welcome. Enjoy your visit!
While in Cambridge I am looking for a college in the centre of town please. 
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town, did you have a particular one you were interested in?
No I don't have a preference.
Okay, we've got christ's college on	saint andrew's street  at 01223334900.  Will there be anything else?
I am also looking for a train that departs from cambridge. I'd like it to arrive by 18:15.
Yes, I can help you with that. The first train leaves at 05:00 on Friday and the last one departs at 13:00, do you have a preference?
Yes. I would like the train to depart from Cambridge and arrive by 18:15.
What would your destination be?
saint andrew street
I'm sorry, but I don't understand. Can you please restate your request?
Yes, I need a train from cambridge to bishops stortford on Tuesday. I need to arrive by 18:15.
Thank you. TR2153 will depart cambridge at 17:29 on tuesday, arriving at bishops stortford at 18:07. Will that work?
That should work thank you very much
How many tickets do you need?
Can I get tickets for 5 people?
Sure. Your reference number is KOPBB0EL. Anything else I can do for you today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
You're quite welcome! We hope you've found this service useful and wish you a wonderful rest of your day.
I am looking for a place to dine that serves indian food and is located close to the centre, can you help me please?
We have nine Indian restaurants in the centre, with prices ranging from cheap to expensive. Do you have a preference?
I would like a restaurant in the expensive range.
There are several. Would you like to book a table to Panahar, or perhaps one of the others?
Yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at Panahar on Sunday at 13:00.
You are booked at Panahar on Sunday at 13:00 for 6 people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
May I have the reference number for the reservation?
I am so sorry but the panahar is fully booked. My I find another restaurant for you that serves Indian food?
Yes please, in the same area and price range, please.
Okay. I was able to get you into the Golden Curry instead. Your reference number is OXKPJH2R.
Thank you so much. Have a great day.
You are so welcome. 
I am looking for a train that departs from kings lynn. I need to leave after 11:30.
I have many trains available.  What is your destination and day you would like to travel?
I would like to leave from Kings Lynn and go to Cambridge. 
TR0864 will be fine with you. how many tickets do i book?
Can I get the travel time, and arrival time of that?
Travel time is 47 minutes and arrive by 16:58. 
Thank you. I am also looking for a 4 star hotel on the east side. 
We have six, though all are guesthouses.
That's fine, can you find one in the moderate price range with free parking.
a and b guest house is in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it?
I'm still thinking about it. Can you please provide me with the address and phone number?
124 tenison road, cb12dp. the phone is 01223315702. 
thanks for all of your help today
You're welcome.  I hope you can decide soon.  
Thank you for your time.
Good day to you too, bye!
I'd like to find an attraction to visit. Something in the west.
Okay, what type of attraction would you like to see?
I would like to see a theater.
I don't show any listings for theaters in the west would you like to search for another attraction?
am also looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve south african food and should be in the moderate price range
Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve South African dishes on the West side, would you like me to try a different side of town?
How about one that serves South African food?
Unfortunately there are no restaurants that serve South African dishes on the West side, would you like me to try a different side of town? 
no but how about one that serves british food.
The Saint Johns Chop House is moderately priced, serves British cuisine, as in the west part of town.  Shall I book this for you?
Yes, can you please book this for me?
How many people and what day?
I'm not ready to book yet. Can I get the phone number, postcode, and address, please?
The address for Saint Johns Chop House is 21 - 24 Northampton Street, cb30ad. The phone number is 01223353110. Is there anything else that I can assist you with?
Yes I need an attraction in the west. Anyone will do. Whatever you recommend.
clare hall is a college with free admission. Their number is 01223332360.
I also need a south african restaurant. 
I am sorry none are listed in that area, something else perhaps?
Is there a restaurant in the west that serves British food?
Yes, Saint Johns Chop House is available. Would you like to book a table?
Not at this time. Can you give me the phone number, address and postcode, please?
Saint Johns Chop House is located at 21-24 Northampton Street, postcode cb30ad. You can reach them by phone at 01223353110. Can I help you find anything else today?
That is all, thanks.
I am glad to have helped.
I will be visiting Cambridge soon and need a place to stay. I am looking for a guesthouse with at least a star 3 rating. 
4 guesthouses match your request and they're all moderately priced. Do you want to be in the north, south, or west side of town?
What are my options on the west side of town?
Just one, the Hobsons House is available.
Ok, let's go with that. ould you book it for 8 people starting wednesday? I need 5 nights.
You booking for Hobsons House was successful, the confirmation number is BBSBEY5B. Can I help with anything else? 
No that will be all. Thank you
Thank you goodbye
I'm looking for a place to eat, maybe Austrian food.
We have no austrian restuarants. Sorry. Is there another type of restaurant I could look up for you?
Hmm I guess I could try british food instead
There are 11 british restaurants in the centre of town. Do you have a price range?
Moderate price range would be great.
There are 5 British restaurants  in the moderate price range, do you have a specific area you would prefer?
No, the area does not matter. I need a table for 5 people at 12:15 on Friday. If that time doesn't work then 11:15. I also need the reference number.
I would recommend the oak bistro located in the Centre. Will this work for you? 
Do they have a table available on Friday at 12:15?
Your table is booked, ref# U0ZZRFL7. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.
You're so welcome. Good day.
Yes, I am looking for a place to eat. Can you help me?
Yes, we have over a hundred restaurants here in Cambridge, I'm sure we'll find one you'll like. Do you have a particular cuisine in mind?
Let's find me a place that serves expensive european food. 
Eraina serves expensive european food.
Can I have their address and phone number?
The address for Eraina is Free School Lane City Centre. The phone number is 01223368786. Would you like any other information?
I'm also looking to book some train tickets for Thursday. I need to leave Cambridge and arrive in Leicaster by 09:15.
Then you'll want to take TR0025, departing Cambridge at 07:21 and arriving in Leicester at 09:06. How many tickets do you need?
I will need tickets for 2 people.
I have booked 2 tickets for Thursday. You depart Cambridge at 7:21 and arrive in leicester at 9:06. Your reference number is K4888RU4. Can I help with anything else?
Yay, thank you!
Well I am glad I can help. Enjoy !
Thank you for your help. 
No problem!  Have a great trip!
Can I book a taxi today, please? I'm going to Avalon.
I would be happy to help you. First I will need to know where you are departing from and what time you want to arrive/depart.
Pick me up at the pizza express Fen Ditton and take me to the avalon before 21:00.  Can I get the car type and contact number?
A red lexus will pick you up by 21:00. Your contact number is 07323820078.
I need to be at the avalon by 21:00. The taxi will have to arrive slightly earlier to get me to my destination on time.
Oh, I am very sorry for my error.  You will arrive at Avalon by 21:00.  I reserved a blue lexus with new contact # 07060980339.  
Thank you so much for your help.
Let me know if there is anything else you need.
I'm looking for a guesthouse that doesn't have to have free parking.
I have 24 possible matches for you. Is there a certain price range or area you want to be in?
I would prefer it in the South please.
How about the Bridge Guest House?
Do they have free parking and free wifi?
Yes, they do offer free internet and parking.
Ok, can you book me for 7 people, 5 nights starting on saturday?
Your room is booked at the Bridge Guest House, ref#06M9TH0M. Can I assist you with anything else today?
What places are there to go in town? What about museums?
byard art	is a good museum and entrance is free
I need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge with free wifi.
There are many places located in Cambridge that meet your criteria. Do you mind narrowing your search preferences?
Yes I need a hotel in the East and 2 stars with free wifi.
The express by holiday inn cambridge is the only options fitting your preferences. Would you like me to reserve a room?
i would like to book it 3 nights for one person starting on Thursday 
You are booked for Express by Holiday Inn for 3 nights starting Thursday night. Your reference number is LEHR9ZYQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are there any multiple sports attractions in the centre area?
Unfortunately, no. Are there any other attractions you are interested in?
Oh no, ok. What about a college?
There are more than a few colleges in that area - would you like to avoid the ones with entrance fees?
Sure. Could you give me the postcode and phone number of a free one?
Emmanuel college is located at saint andrew's street, postcode cb23ap, phone 01223334200. Can I help with anything else?
Great can I also get a taxi between the hotel and emmanuel college? I want to leave the attraction by 19:15 please.
I've successfully booked a taxi leaving Emmanuel College at 19:15 -- it'll be a grey Lexus. The contact number is 07103614017 if you have any issues.
Great that's all I needed today, thank you.
Thank you for using our service. Have all of your needs been met today?
Yes thank you so much.
You are welcome, if you need anything else, just contact us we are always happy to help.
I need a south restaurant with some greek food.
Is there a specific price range you are looking for?
No, any price range is fine.
I'm sorry, but there are no Greek restaurants in the south part of town.
How about italian? 
frankie and bennys is an italian restaurant in the south part of town.  Would you like their location?  
phone number and postcode, please.
The postcode is C.B 1, 7 D.Y and the phone number is 01223 412430
Thank you goodbye.
Okay thank you 
Thank you goodbye. 
thank you good bye
I'm looking for a train going to london liverpool street.
I'd love to help! where's your destination?
I would like to go to London Liverpool Street.
I'd love to help! Where are you departing from?
I am departing from cambridge.
How about TR5154 that leaves at 05:59?
help me  get price and train ID
The price is 16.60 pounds. Train ID is TR5154. Would you like to make a reservation for this train?
Not today, thank you. Does the train arrive by 09:15?
No, it arrives at 7:27.
Can you go ahead and book it and get me a price please?
Before booking, could you please confirm either the time you'd like to depart or arrive? 
I need to arrive at 09:15. 
How about TR5154 which leaves on Friday at 05:59 and arrives by 07:27. It is 16.60 pounds and total trip is 88 minutes. Would you like me to book that?
No I don't need to book. Thanks for the information.
You're welcome. Have a great time!
Do you have a cheap restaurant that serves indian food. In the mood for curry.
I'd be happy to check on that for you. In fact, I have 4 different restaurants. Three are in the centre of town and I have one in the north.
I would like one in the centre of town that is in the cheap price range.
Try kohinoor they are located at 74 Mill Road City Centre.
Great, can you book me a table for Wednesday?
How many in your party?
Just me. I'd like to eat at 16:45.
I'm sorry, that isn't available?  Could you perhaps try a different time or day?
Okay, let's try 15:45 instead?
I have a table for you at 15:45. Your reference number is BVDPM13V. 
Could you also help me find a guesthouse in the same area as the restaurant and in the same price range.  I would like free WIFI.
I found two that fit your criteria, would you like me to book for you?
Yes please, just me starting on the day of my restaurant visit.
I booked you at the alexander bed and breakfast
I needed that for 4 nights, did you get that for me? Also I'd like a reference number.
Alright, I got that booked for you. Four nights at Alexander Bed and Breakfast starting Wednesday. Your reference number is BOL6JBIT.
Thank you for all of your help. 
Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Not at this time, thank you!
It was a pleasure helping you today. Remember to contact us anytime if you need more assistance. 
can i find the nearest police station
Hello. You can reach them at 01223358966, and they are in Parkside , postcode CB11JG. Is there anything else you need?
Can you give me the address?
The full address is Parkside, Cambridge. May I help you further?
No, that's good, thanks.
Great, I'm glad I could help. If you think of anything else you need feel free to ask.
I am looking for a chinese restaurant in the south.
There are 3 Chinese restaurants in the south.  Two are expensive and one is cheap.  Would you like more information or to make a reservation? 
Yes could you book a table for 5 at any one of them please?
You are booked at the good luck chinese food takeaway. Your reference number is ARDCXT6O
Thanks so much. That will be all for today.
Have a great time! 
Can you help me find a nice 4 star hotel?
I would love to! Do you have a price range in mind?
Yes, I do. I would like a hotel that is expensive in price. 
I have two hotels available one in the west and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The one in the centre would be ideal. There will be 7 people staying for 2 nights, starting Tuesday. 
Booking was successful. Reference number is : VZF6OEIK. anything else today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train departing from Cambridge and heading to Stansted Airport. Can you please help? 
Which day & what time are you heading to the airport?
I want a train for tuesday that departs after 09:30
There are 15 trains available. Should I book a train for you?
Yes, please choose the earliest one after 09:30 and book it for 7 people. And don't forget to send the reference number!
Booking was successful for a train departing at 09:40. The reference number is NJ1GZ4Y0. Will there be anything else today?
That is all I needed, good day to you. 
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
i want a place i can watch multiple sports in the centre.
I did not find any places in the Centre of town. Would you like to try another area?
Are there any nightclubs that I could visit, instead?
Sure! I recommend The Fez Club. Their address is 8 market passage
I need to have the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode please.
Those would be 01223519224, 5 pounds, and cb23hx in that order. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes please, I would love if you could help me find an expensive hotel located in the centre
There are two hotels in the centre. Gonville hotel has 3 stars. University arms hotel has 4 stars. Both have wifi and parking.
Are they both expensive?
Both are expensive.
Can you book either one for 8 people on Tuesday for 4 nights.
I am sorry, I am unable to book that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If the expensive isn't available, let's try something in a moderate price range.
I was able to book you rooms for 8 people at the Gonville Hotel. Your reference number is Y28C0SMO. How else may I assist you today?
I guess that is all I need.  Thanks!
Have a great stay. Enjoy your time.
I will. Thanks.
I was able to reserve the Gonville Hotel for 4 nights, you confrimation number is Y28C0SMO.
Where can I find the Queen's College? 
Queen's College is on the west side of town, on Silver Street. Their postcode is cb39et.
Can you verify the type of place this is and the address please?
It is a college and the address is silver street. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for restaurant in the centre area that serves European food please.
I have several listed from moderate to expensive.  Do you have a preference?
The nearest one to the hotel.
What hotel are you staying at?
Actually, I don't need one near a hotel. I just need the phone number and address of an expensive one. 
Yes the Eraina is expensive and their address is Free School Lane City Centre and their telephone is 01223368786
Alright, I want you to book me a taxi from Queen's College to the Eraina. I'll be leaving the college at 12:00.
I have booked you a blue skoda. The contact number is 07822607219 
Thank you very much. That was all I will be needing today. 
Ok thank you for using this service and have a nice day.
I really need to find a restaurant that serves modern european food. An expensive one is fine.
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is an expensive modern European restaurant in the center. Would you like to book a table there?
No, that's okay, I'll just drop in.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please provide phone number, address, and postcode for Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop.
Darry's is located at 40270 King Street City Centre, cb11ln. Their phone number is 01223505015. Can I help you with anything else today?
While I have you, could you please give me some information about the Hamilton Lodge, if you have it?
well it's a guesthouse located in the north and offers free wifi and parking, would you like to reserve a room?
Yeah, actually, I need rooms for 6 people starting on Thursday. I need it for 5 nights.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is ZJ1XGX96.
Thank you. That's all I need.
Alright then, have a nice stay here and enjoy!
I want to find a place to visit in the centre in Cambridge please.
There are dozens of attractions in the centre of town. What type do you prefer?
I am looking for something like mutliple sports.
I'm sorry, but I don't have anything like in town center.  Cherry Hinton Village Centre is a multiple sports attraction in the east.  Does that work for you?
Hmm, how about a nightclub? 
Ballare is available
Sure! Can I get the postcode and phone number? I also need a train from peterborough that arrives by 9:45. 
Ballare is located in postcode cb23na and the phone number is 01223364222.  And where would the train from Petersborough be arriving?
I am going to Cambridge.
What day would you like to travel?
Monday, thanks. 
I have several trains. The latest one is the TR2118 that arrives at 9:38. Would you like to book a ticket on that?
May I please ask what the price and travel time of TR2118 is, please?
Yes TR2118 leaves at 08:48 and arrives at 09:38, it is a 50 minute ride.
And the price?
The price is 16.50 pounds. May I help with anything else?
No thank you, you've been very helpful.
Enjoy your visit and have a great day. Thank you.
I need information on a restaurant called panahar.
i've pulled up their info, what would you like to know?
I need reservations for 5 people at 15:15 on Sunday. I'll need the reference number as well. 
Your table at Panahar has been reserved for 15 minutes starting at 15:15 on Sunday. Your reference number is TIYE4F1Y. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for things to do in the west. Can you recommend anything?
The Whale of a Time entertainment venue is a fun choice. We also have museums and colleges to visit, if you'd like something quieter.
Can you tell me the address for The Whale of a Time entertainment venue? And is there an entrance fee to get in there?
I do not have any information on an entrance fee but I can give you the address which is unit 8, viking way, bar hill.
Thanks for that, that's all I need. 
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Thank you, you as well.
thanks alot. it was great talking to you
I look forward to my visit. Thanks, again.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking to book a train ticket. It needs to arrive by 11:00 and it has to leave on Saturday
I can help you find the right train. What are your departure and arrival stations?
I want to go to london kings cross and would depart from cambridge.
TR2138 arrives in london kings cross by 9:51 on Saturday, departing Cambridge at 9:00.  Does this sound like what you're looking for?
Yes! Can you book it for me?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 18.88 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number is MTL1SC10. Thank you and have a nice day!
Actually I also need a place to stay in the east section, I need to have free parking wherever it is.
We have 5 guesthouses and 1 hotel, that offers free parking on the Eastside. do you have a price range you're looking for?
I am open to price, I would like it to have a 3-star rating and free wifi included. 
I do not see an available hotel with 3 stars and wifi at this time. There is a 4 star guesthouse with wifi, would that do?
Well,  can you check to see if maybe there is a hotel like I'm looking for in the Centre instead?
The Gonville Hotel is located in the Centre and is in the expensive price range. Would you like me to try to book?
Yes. Book it for two people for five nights, starting Monday.
I'm sorry, I was unable to book that for you, would you like to try another day?
Ok, can you try 2 nights?
There was availability for 2 nights so I have booked your request.  The reference number is 61745O20.
Thank you. Have a nice rest of the day. 
Thank you for using our system!
I want to find a place to stay that is a guesthouse and has free parking.
There are 21 guesthouses with free parking.  Are you looking for a particular price range or location?
I want at least 4 stars rating. Are any of them 4 starts?
There are 16 that have a 4-star rating. Is there a particular price range you are looking for?
No, just anywhere that has room for 5 people starting Sunday.
I need to narrow the search. What area do you want to stay in? Do you prefer moderate or cheap?
I prefer to stay in a moderate area.
I have 9 guesthouse in the moderate range with free parking and 4 stars. The archway house is nice on the north side.
Sounds good. Please book for 5 people and 3 nights starting from this sunday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to try aylesbray lodge guest house?
Yes let's try that one please.
OK that is all set, thank you!
I'm looking for a police station. It has something to do with parkside, although I don't know if that's a name or a location.
The Parkside Police Station is in Parkside, Cambridge.
Thank you, that's all I need.
You are most welcome! have a great day!
I am looking for corsica restaurants in the east of cambridge, can you help me?
Unfortunately there is not a corsica restaurant in the east of cambridge, is there another type of food you would like to look for?
I'll think about it. I would like a moderately priced restaurant, I know that.
How about curry prince? It is a moderately priced indian restaurant in the east.
Curry Prince sounds terrific.  I'll try that out.  Thank you for the information!  Goodbye!
Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes please, for 7 at 11:45 on Thursday. And may I have the reference number?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : BRNGPGM6. Is there anything more I can assist you with?
I am also looking for a college attraction to go to in the same area.
there are no colleges in that part of town 
Are there any boat attractions in that area.
Camboats is in the east, the address is the plough, green end, fen ditton, and they can be reached at 01223902112
Sounds good.  Do they have an entrance fee, and please provide me with the postcode.
Camboats postcode is cb58sx, I am not sure about the entrance fee. 
Thanks. I'd like to book a taxi to commute between the two places. 
Certainly.  Would time would you like to leave and arrive at your destination?
I would like to arrive by 11:45 on Thursday if possible.
Okay, your booking is complete. You will have a white number and the contact number is 07676825406
What type of car is it?
The car will be a white tesla. Anything else you need?   
Nope. You helped me with everything I need. Thanks.
It was a pleasure to help you. Goodbye! 
I am looking for an expensive French restaurant in town. 
There are two expensive french restaurants, Cote in the center and Restaurant Two Two in the north. Do you want further information on either of these?
Are there any other expensive french restaurants? 
Those are the only two expensive french restaurants I have listed. Would you like to expand your price range or type of cuisine?
Is there anything else?
Restaurant Two Two is a French restaurant and it is in the expensive price range. Would you like the address and phone number?
Actually, could I have the phone number of Cote?
Sure, the phone number is 01223 311053.
Okay, I think that does it. Thanks for that. 
Thank you goodbye
Can you tell me where the nearest police station is to me?
It is the Parkside Police Station located at Parkside, Cambridge.
Great, can you give me the post code and actual address?
The postcode is CB11JG and the address I have on file is just Parkside, Cambridge. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that is all. Thank you.
Thank you for contacting us. Please let us know if we can help in the future.
I want to go to a museum please.
There are many in Cambridge. Could we narrow it down by choosing a specific area of town to search in?
Area does not matter can you recommend one?
How about People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College in west? 
That sounds good, can I have the phone number please? 
The phone number is 01223338901. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I also need a train leaving after 18:15 and should leave on tuesday. 
Sure, I can help you with that.  What is your place of departure? 
I will be leaving bishops stortford going to cambridge, I need 6 tickets and the conf. # too please
Okay, I have booked you on TR9286 leaving Tuesday at 19:29 and arriving 20:07. Your reference number is CGU6UO45.
Thank you that's all I need!
you are welcome, enjoy yourself.
Wow, I think you are going to really enjoy yourself. The people Portraits Exhibit is an amazing experience. I would love to hear how you enjoyed it.
If that's an invitation, I will take you up on the offer. In the meantime, thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye, now.
Hello, I'm looking for a hotel to stay in during my visit to Cambridge. I'm looking for a cheap room and the only amenity I care about is free wifi. 
The Allenbell guesthouse is fairly new and is located on the east side of town.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes please book it for this weelkend
Will you be arriving at the hotel on Friday? How many days and how many people are in your party?
Actually, I just realized the Allenbell won't work as it is in the east. I need a gueshouse that is located in the centre. Do you have anything in that area?
I am sorry I have no guesthouses in the centre. 
well that all I need thank you
Are you sure you don't need assistance in finding a hotel? I have many options to consider!
You can just end the convo. It's an option. You don't have to keep going read the directions. Makes it hard for other workers
If that is all you need today then have a good day. Goodbye.
I am looking for the nearest police station
I have the Parkside Police station.  Their number is 01223358966, the postcode is CB11JG
Thank you, that's all I need. Good bye.
welcome. at your service next time
I would like to reserve a taxi from my hotel to the airport
I would be more than happy to assist you with that however, I need some more information please. 
I'm sorry, I'll actually need a restaurant that's in centre and is in the moderate price range. 
There are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the city centre. Do you have a cuisine preference?
I'd prefer something Latin-American, if there's something in the area. Nothing too expensive, but certainly not a fast-food restaurant.
I do not have any moderately priced restaurants in the centre of town serving latin american food.
How about Italian food instead?
I am sorry there no Italian restaurants either.  Would you like to try a different price range or food? 
Are you sure there are no moderately priced italian restaurants in the centre? I could have sworn someone told me about one...
Yes I have two pizza places to choose from. Would you like me to suggest one and make a booking for you?
Yes, please. for 5 people at 15:15 on saturday.
Done! Your reference number is C3YO3LS0. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
Im also looking for a college in the centre to visit while in town
How about King's College in centre. Address is King's parade, phone 01223331100. 
Great. Now I just need a taxi to get from the college to the restaurant. I wouldn't want to be late!
Okay I have that booked for you, the contact number is 0 754-399-4513, be looking for a yellow Ford to pick you up from King's College around 2:45 p.m. and take you to Pizza Express.
Thank you, that is all that I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Are there many places to stay with mid-range prices?
Yes, we have several options! Do you have a star rating you'd like to have it be?
Yes, a 3-star guesthouse would be perfect. Free parking too, please!
There are three 3-star guest houses in Cambridge. Is there a part of town you were interested in staying in?
No, I don't have a preference. Please just pick one, and book it for 4 people, 2 nights starting from wednesday.
Okay I have booked you into the Bridge Guesthouse and your reference number is UV8VFH1S.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else?
Yes, I'm looking for a train the same day that will be going to Cambridge.  Can you help me?
Sure, I can do that for you.  Where will you be departing from? 
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn after 16:00.  
There are 8 trains that leave Kings Lynn after 16:00. The earliest leaves at 16:11. Would you like to book this train?
no just the id please
The train leaving at 16:11 is ID# TR5153. May I help you with something else?
That was all that I needed to know, thank you!
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to go in Cambridge.  Are there any good museums nearby?
I'm not showing any museums in that area.  Can I lookup another area for you?
what other places are there to go
Actually there are several museums available.  What part of town would you like- North, South, East, West, or Centre?
I will take the North part of town please. And can you give me the phone number for the museum there?
Sorry, I did not find a musuem in the north part of town. Want me to try another part?
Yes, I don't really need any specific area. Can you go ahead and find a museum in another part of town?
I think you may like Cambridge Artworks in the east.  It is located on 5 greens road.
Perfect. Can I get a phone number to Cambridge Artworks?
Yes, their phone number is 01223902168.
Thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay. I would like a 3 star guesthouse with wifi and don't really care about parking. 
There are several 3 star hotels. what area would you like it
Would you help me book a train for Thursday, please?
Yes, where would you like to go to?
I would like to go to Cambridge
There are over 200 trains going to Cambridge on Thursday.  Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn.
That narrows us down to about 19 trains. Do you have a time you would like to leave after or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 15:45.
Then in that case, I recommend the TR0209	which departs from Kings Lynn at 16:11 and gets into Cambridge at 16:58. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I am also looking for a place to stay, ideally a hotel with a 4 star rating in the moderate price range.
There is nothing in the price range you mentioned.  Would you be willing to stay at a cheap hotel or an expensive hotel?  
I would like a cheaper hotel. 
Ok I Am going to book a cheaper hotel for you ,have a good day,thank you.
I still have some requests for the hotel, before you book it. 
Okay what can I do for you?
I need you to find me somewhere to stay with a 4 star rating in the east, moderately priced, and with wifi. Type doesn't matter.
There are 3 in the east area. Do you need free parking?
That doesnt matter. Choose your best recommendation and please book it for 2 people on thursday for 5 nights. And do remember to send me the reference number
I hve booked it as requested, the reference number is 3W8OKRO8, any further questions today?
I think that covers everything. Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.  Please have a nice day and thank you for calling. 
I'm looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.
I have the cambridge belfry hotel located in the west side that has a 4 star rating.  Can I make reservations for you?
Doe it have free wifi?
Yes it does . Would you like a room booked?
Not at this time, can you give me the postcode?
The postcode is cb236bw. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I also need information on colleges to see in the west please. 
sure, there are five in that area.
I need the address and postcode of one you recommend. 
The churchill college is located at storey's way and the postcode is cb30ds. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Sure. What time do you want to leave and arrive by?
I want to go from the Churchill College to Cambridge Belfry. I want to leave the college by 01:45. 
Your booking has been completed from Churchill College to Cambridge Belfry. The taxi will be a yellow bmw and the contact number is 07976361000. 
Hi, I am looking forward to trying some local restaurants when I visit Cambridge next month.  Are there any good ones?
We have a lot of good restaurants in the city.  Do you have a preference in the type of food you want?
Yes, I'd like to find a Japanese place in the centre.
There is wagamama in 36 Saint Andrews Street, would you like me to book for you?
Yes please book it for 4 people at 11:15 on Monday.
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ULSWHGVK, anything else?
Yes, can you tell me some tourist places in town that are in the same area?
There are quite a lot of different places in the centre. Do you have a particular type in mind such as architecture, college, museum etc?
As long as it is in the same area it doesn't matter, please recommend one. I want its postcode and entrance fee as well
I recommend great saint mary's church. Its postcode is cb23pq and the entrance fee is 2 pounds.
Thank you very much. Actually, can you also reserve a taxi for me?
Sure, just let me know your departure location, destination and when you are going to travel.
I need to leave the church for lunch at the restaurant before the booked time.
absolutely. Look for a white tesla. Its number is 07550780265 in case you need to reach them.
It has been a pleasure talking to you. You have helped me get all I need. Thank you and goodbye.
It's a pleasant to help you. Please call back if you need further assistance in the future.
I need a place to stay in the centre of cambridge.
do you have any constraints regarding cost or quality?
I am looking fro something cheap with a 0 star rating.
How does El Shaddai sound? It is a cheap guesthouse with 0 stars located centrally. It includes both free wifi and free parking?
I would like to book a hotel.
There are no cheap hotels with 0 stars in the centre. Would you like to book cityroomz? It is a hotel that has 0 stars and it is moderately priced.
Cityroomz will be fine. I need a room for 2 nights starting Thursday. There will be a total of 8 guests.
I'm sorry, the book was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try for another date or a shorter stay?
How about for only a one night stay?
Sadly I couldn't book Cityroomz. But I was able to book Alexander Bed and Breakfast a 4 star guesthouse for an even cheaper rate for one night with 8 guests. 
Thank you! What is the reference number? 
Your reference number is 6MYWN42P.
I would also like to know about fun things to do in town. What types of entertainment is available near the hotel?
There is no entertainment in the centre would you like to look for another type of attraction?
In that case can you tell me the address of some of the colleges in the area?
We have Gonville and Caius College on Trinity Street, Emmanuel College on Saint Andrew's Street, and Downing College on Regent Street.
Can you give me the full address for Downing College please?
Downing College is on Regent Street with the postal code cb21dq. Would you like the phone number?
No thanks, but I'd like to book a taxi between the two locations, please.
Okay, when would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave my hotel no later than 17:15.
Great! I have a yellow honda set to pick you up. The contact number is 07441052837
Thank you! That's all I need today. You've been very helpful.
Glad to be of service! 
I need help finding some places to go in the south part of the city when I visit. 
I have several different options for you in that area! Do you have a certain type in mind?
What would you recommend? I don't have a preference.
Wandlebury Country Park is a nice place and has no entrance fee. Would you like more information?
what kind of attraction is it?
it is listed as a park.
Thank you. I'm also looking to book a room a the autumn house hotel.
I'd be happy to help with that. Can you tell me what day you would want to start your stay and the number of guests/nights? 
I need it for Monday. I have 5 guests. I want to stay 4 nights. 
Your room is booked, ref #E2FFWUYL. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.
You're welcome and have a good day. 
No thank you that will be all
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a hotel in the north part of town with free wifi.
There are no hotels in that area with free wifi, can I look up a different area or guesthouse?
Yes, I'd like a place in the north with a 4 star rating including free wifi please.
I'm sorry that area doesn't have anything matching those criteria. May I try another area?
Is there a guesthouse? 
Yes, the Avalon is exactly what you're looking for. It offers internet (but no parking). Would you like me to book a room for you?
And the Avalon is in what part of town?
Avalon is in the north. Can I book you a room?
No thanks can I just have the address and postcode? I also need help finding a restaurant. 
The address is 62 gilbert road and the post code is cb43pd.
Okay, thank you.
Can I help you with any thing else?
Yes I need a romanian place to eat in the same area, please make sure it's expensive. 
There are no romanian places at any price range there, but we have 5 expensive restaurants, shalI run another search?
What about Indian food?
I'm sorry. I don't have any expensive Indian restaurants either. Would you be willing to try another price range or area?
No thank you that will be all
Your welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.
I need info on a train that would be departing from Peterborough. 
/What day and time?
I would like to leave on Sunday and arrive in Cambridge by 15:15.
I have train TR7864 leaving at 14:19 and arriving at 15:09. Would you like to book that?
That'd be perfect, I need three tickets on sunday.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 39.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : HS2FFYBI.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today? 
I'm also looking for information on a place called the man on the moon.
The man on the moon is a concerthall in the centre? Would you like to know anything else?
Yes can I get the address to that please?
Yes, the address is 2 norfolk street. 
Can you tell me what the area of town is?  Can I get the phone number too please?
It's located in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223474144. Do you need assistance with anything else?
That will be it for today! Thank you so much!
You're very welcome!  Have a great day!
I am looking for a train departing from Broxbourne after 20:15.
There are 28 available train rides from Broxbourne to Cambridge. The earliest leaves at 20:32 daily and the latest leaves at 23:32. What day would you like to ride?
Let's do that 20:32 on Wednesday please
How many tickets do you need? Price is 17.90 pounds.
1 please with the arrival time and train id.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station. Your train ID is TR6477, and your reference number is K43GMVMX. Will that be all?
I'll need to know the arrival time, please?
it will arrive at 21:32. 
A need a park in centre and need a phone number and entrance fee 
The Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is the only park in Centre, the phone number is 01223336265 and the entrance fee is 4 pounds. 
Thank you. I think that's it for today.
Well thank you and I hope you have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a museum to visit in the centre of cambridge.
We have 11. The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology is a popular choice. It's over on downing street, and offers free admission.
That sounds great, can you tell me their full address and postcode, please?
University of Cambridge, Downing Street. Postcode cb23dz. Anything else. 
Yes, can you help me find some places to eat?
Absolutely, would you like the restaurant to be in the centre as well?
Yes, please. It should be in the cheap price range.
the incorrect domain was selected, please fix.
Asian food please.
wrong domain won't let you book a table
Also, I need to book a hotel with free wifi, and it doesn't need to have free parking. The price should be cheap or moderate, and I need the postcode.
Cityroomz hotel is in the centre and is moderately priced with internet. The postcode is cb12tz. Shall I book that for you?
Not right now, thanks. I do need a taxi, though. I want to leave the hotel at 03:30 (I'm an early riser!) and head to the museum. 
No worries, we have 24/7 taxi service, your are set.  Look for a white Toyota, they are reachable at 07763641643, any further questions?
Thank you that is all I needed. 
Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. If you need anything else do not hesitate to call us back. Have a fun day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Please provide more specifics so I can help you.
Can I get some information on milton country park?
Yes, it's free admission and address is milton country park, milton and post code is cb46az.
Can you tell me what area Milton Country Park is in and what the entrance fee is?
It's in the north and has free entry. Will that be all?
I also need a train for Saturday, traveling from Cambridge to Norwich and I'd like to arrive by 12:15.  Can you help with that? 
There are 6 trains matching your request that leave starting at 05:36 each hour until 10:36. Do you have a preference as to the train you want?
No. Just one that can fit 5 people. 
Okay how about the TR9588. It leaves at 10:36 and arrives by 11:55. 
Sounds great. Please book and provide me with a reference number.
Here is your refrence number XXSU6ZFV. The price is 70.40pounds
Thank you so much. That's all I need today. Good-bye.
Thank you for using our service!
I'd like to find a place to dine in the west that serves modern american food.
I did not find any. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Sure, let's try modern English food.
I apologize, sir, but there are no restaurants serving modern English cuisine. What else shall we try?
Could you look for a restaurant that serves Thai food?
Sala thong seems like a good match!
ok.book for seven people at 1215hrs
What day are you wanting that booking for?
Make the reservation for Thursday please.
Thursday is not available.
How about 11:15 on Thursday?
Booking was successful for 11:15. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : SWZ8S95V.
Great, thanks for your help.
Is there anything else I can assist with?
No, that's all I need thanks!
Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant.
What type of food would you like?
I am looking for an Italian restaurant if available
Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a particular area of town you were looking for? 
I'm sorry, I'm actually looking for a restaurant that serves cuban food in the North. 
I am sorry but there are no restaurants matching your request. Would like to try another part of town?
how about a french restaurant?
restaurant two two is a french restaurant in the north. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes can you please book that for me?
Yes when would you like to book? 
Actually, I just need a little more information. I don't need to book right now. What is the price range for this restaurant?
It is an expensive restaurant located at 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton.  What else would you like to know?
Just the postal code and phone number please.
The postal code is cb43ax and the phone number is 01223351880. Would you like me to book the restaurant for you?
No but I would love it if you could find me something fun to do in the same area, maybe something boat related.
The riverboat georgina is in the north and great fun. The address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house, postcode cb43ax. Do you need more information?
Great, thanks so much! Can you please book me a taxi from the restaurant to the attraction, leaving the restaurant by 15:30?
I need the name of the restaurant
It's a french restaurant, Two Two, I believe.
I have booked the taxi it is a red volvo with contact number 07626130412.
Have a nice day.
Thank you for calling.
I'm looking to go to Cambridge and need an indian restaurant in the east. 
I have several. I have two options that are moderately priced and two that are expensive. Did you have a preference on price range? 
Price doesn't matter. What is your favorite?
I like Curry Prince, its on 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. 
Thanks! please make a reservation for 5 at 12:45 on saturday.
It was all booked, reference number is 44HT5TVB.
Great, thanks! Can you help me with train schedules too? I need to travel on the same day from Bishops Stortford.
There are a few trains that day depending on when you'd like to depart. How's 9:29 and arriving at 10:07?
Does that train head to cambridge?
Yes, it is 38 minutes of travel and costs 8.08 pounds; would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please.  Book it for Saturday for 5 people as well. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : JFGE7RPD. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that is all you done a great job thank you.
Thank you for contacting us and you have a great day. 
Please find me an expensive place to dine on the South side of town
Sure, we have Chinese, Indian, Italian or Mexican that you could choose from.
How about chinese.
Okay, how about the good luck chinese food takeaway?  Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds good! Book a table for 3 at 13:45 please. 
I'll be happy to help you with that. What day would you like the reservation for?
I'd like to make it for Wednesday. Can you include the reference number?
Your reservation is all set for Wednesday. Your reference number is 68X7U9IG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel in the same price range as the restaurant that has free parking and free wifi for the same group for 3 nights starting from the same day.
Ok and for how many days ?
how about 1 nights.
There are 5 results matching your requirements. What area of town would you like?
The area does not matter. Just the criteria I stated. It will be starting Wednesday. 
How about the University Arms Hotel? It has free parking and wifi, and it's a 4 star rated hotel.
If you can book it for my group, I need it for 3 nights starting on Wednesday.
Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
Could you help me find a boat to visit on the north side? 
I have one in that area. It's called the Riverboat Georgina. It's located at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. Would you like their phone number for more information?
Yes, I want the phone number and also the entrance fee, please.
Their phone number is 01223902091 and we do not have the entrance fee in our database at this time.
Okay, that is all I need today. Thank you very much.
You're very welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Hello, we're planning on staying in Cambridge and need lodging.  We're looking for a guesthouse which has all amenities etc.  Price is no problem.
I can help you find a nice place to stay.  First, did you have a particular area of town you were interested in?
I would really like to stay in the east of town, and preferably an expensive guesthouse if one is available.
There are no expensively priced guesthouses in that area, but there are 2 moderately priced ones and 3 cheap ones. Would one of those suit you?
Can you suggest one of the cheap ones?
I can recommend autumn house at 710 Newmarket Rd. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes. For one person for 5 nights starting from thursday.
Booked! Reference number: WQL1WG7F. 
Thank you! I also need a train that arrives by 08:45
Sure! Where will you be departing from? Would you like to depart at a certain time?
I'd like to leave from Stevenage and go to Cambridge, it should arrive by 8:45 on the same day as my hotel booking.
I have train TR1044 leaving stevenage at 7:54 and arriving in cambridge 8:43. Would you like me to book that?
No, I'm not sure I need the train yet. Thanks for the info!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I could help you with? 
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your time!
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
Thanks.  I will definitely use your service again.
You're welcome.  Thank you for calling.  Good bye.
What are the really hot attractions I should visit in the centre?
There are many. What kind of attraction would you like to visit?
It doesn't matter but I will need the postcode.
All saints church is in the centre of town and the postcode is cb58bs
i also need a trian
where are you headed to and what time?
I'm heading to cambridge and should arrive by 09:15. 
ok, what day will this be and where from?
Depart from bishops stortford and leave on tuesday.
Train TR3058 leaves at 7:29 on tuesday and arrives at cambridge by 8:07. The price is 10.10 pounds, would you like me to book this for you?
No thanks, I just needed the information. 
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it! Thanks for your help!
You are quite welcome, thank you for using our services!   Have a wonderful day.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town that is in the cheap price range.
I have two restaurants that meet your requirements.  Do you have a cuisine preference? 
I would like Italian food.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants matching your request.  Would you like to try something else? 
I don't care. 
Nandos is cheap restaurant in the south part of town serving Portuguese food. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, also I will need their address.
Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way.  Would you also like the phone number?
Yes, please give me their number.
The phone number for Nandos is 01223 327908. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, thanks.  I'll head to Nandos now.  Goodbye.
Have a nice day! 
I am looking for attractions in the town centre
Are you interested in architecture? It is free to visit all saints church.
What is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223452587. Do you need any other information about it?
No, that is all I need for today. Thank you.
Good by and have a nice stay. 
Howdy! Is the City Centre North B And B still in business?
I am sorry I have no listing for that hotel. Can I help you with any other information?
I was hoping to book the City Centre North B and B for a 4 night stay starting Tuesday. Could you please check again?
Yes. I can find it.  How many people will be staying?
It will be 5 people and 4 nights.
I'm sorry, that wasn't available.  Can I reserve a different hotel?
Yes, same price range please. 
OK, I got you a booking at the Worth House. It's a 4 star guesthouse also in the Northend. Your reference number is: DVTY60KZ. Can I do anything else for you?
Okay thank you that is all I need.
Great. Have a great day!
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves vegetarian food. 
There is not a restaurant matching your request.  Would you like another restaurant? 
Yes, how about european food instead.
cambridge lodge restaurant is a nice restaurant serves european if you want something in the west .
Could I have their phone number and address?
Cambridge Lodge restaurant is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and their phone number is 01223 355166.
thank you good bye
glad we could help!
Hi, I'm looking for something to do in the centre of cambridge that would be entertainment based.
I'm sorry, I have no entertainment listings in the city centre. Would you like to try another area?
Could you find some interesting architecture then?
There are five options. Great Saint Mary's church is a great option.
Sounds great, can I have the phone number, entrance fee, and the postcode please?
Great St Mary's Church entrance fee is 2 pounds, their phone number is 01223350914, and the post code is cb23pq.
I'm also looking for a place to eat in the same area.
There are 69 restaurants in the city centre. Is there a type of food or price range you would prefer?
Could you find me something moderately priced, please? I'm not picky about what it is.
The yipppee noodle bar serves Asian food in the city centre and is moderately priced. Would you like the address and phone number?
That's not necessary. I want to book a table for 1 person at 15:45 on Saturday.
Unfortunately that's already been booked. Would you like to try another time?
how about 14:45?
Yes 14:45 works! You table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is DG9TSIVA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it, you've been great, thank you!
I'm glad I was able to help.  Please call back if you have any more questions!
Can you tell me where the nightclubs are in east Cambridge?
There are no nightclubs in the east. Do you have another preference?
Are there any museums in the East then?
We have 4 museums in the East. Cambridge Artworks, Gallery at Twelve A High Street, and Saint Barnabas Press Gallery are all free. Cambridge Museum of Technology is 5 pounds.
Can I have the postcode for Cambridge Artworks, please?
It is cb13ef. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I am also looking for a Train, I am hoping to leave sometime on Friday and arrive by 12:45.
Where will you travel to and from?
I am going to leicester from cambridge.
There are 5 trains that fit your criteria. Would you like me to book you with the earliest?
No, I actually just need the train ID.  The earliest train would be great.
The earliest train is the train TR4826.
that is all i need for now. thanks for helping
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I'm planning a trip with an Arthurian theme. I've heard there's a hotel called Avalon there in Cambridge. Is that right?
Yes there is a guesthouse called avalon. Would you like any more information on that?
Actually, can you book 6 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday?
You're all booked. 
Is there a reference number for the hotel?  I also need a train to london liverpool street.  Can you help with that too?
Your Reference number is : EHNOQL7E. I can help with the train as well. Can you give me a little more information on your trip?
I need to get to liverpool st on saturday, but I can't leave cambridge until after 13:45
TR4466 leaves at 13:59 and arrives at 15:27. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, for 6 people. 
Booking has been completed!  Your reference# is D6V5M769.  The total is 79.67 GBP, payable at the station.  Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I need for today.  Thanks!
You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
Hi, can you help me find a train out of Cambridge for my upcoming visit?
Absolutely. Where would you be traveling to and for what day? 
Monday, to Broxbourne. 
there are several trains that leave that day what time would you like to leave and where will you be going
i will be traveling to broxbourne and would like to leave after 20:45.
I have a train leaving at 21:01. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes for 5 people please.
The booking was successful the total price is 89.5 that you can pay at the station and your reference number is 4NA0WK3R.
Great, thanks. Can you tell me some information on the Cambridge Arts Theatre please? 
Its a theatre located in the centre of town, it does not list the entrance fee...but I can give you their number if you would like to call them
Yes, please and could you give me their hours of operation?
Hours of operation are not available to us, you would have to call them, any other questions?
Yes I need their postcode.
There postcode is cb23pj. Is there anything else I can help you with?
And what area are they in?
They are located within the city center.
Thank you for your help. 
Is there anything else you'd like my help with today?
No, that will be all. Goodbye.
Thanks and have a good day!
I am looking for a train leaving Cambridge.
We have quite a few, I'm sure we'll be able to get you where you want to go. Where is that, exactly?
I would like to go to leicester and leave on friday.
I have quite a few trains that fit your criteria. Is there a certain time you need to leave or arrive by?
Departing from cambridge and I want to arrive somewhere around 20:00, can you get me 7 tickets and I'll need the reference number too.
The TR2508 arriving at 19:06 sound okay to you?
That sounds great, thank you. Could you book that for me for 7 people? I will need the reference number as well. 
I completed your booking. The reference number is C11MOBV7. Is there anything else I could help you with? 
Yes , I also need to find a place to stay. Preferably 4 stars and a guesthouse.
Sure! Our database contains 18 guesthouses rated 4 stars. To narrow down the search, could you tell me in what part of town you'd like to stay?
I definitely want to stay in the east part of town.
I have six entries matching your request.  Would you prefer cheap or moderate price range?
The price range doesn't matter, but could you pick one and book it for 3 nights for 7 people starting Tuesday?
I'm sorry.  There are no rooms available for that stay.  Can you choose a different day or shorter stay?
How about 1 night?
I was able to book the A and B Guest House for 1 night.  Booking was successful. Reference number is : 995PR933.
thank you, you've been quite helpful
Glad to help. Have a lovely day.
I need a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge. 
I have 70 trains travelling that route. To narrow it down, what day would you like to leave and what time would you like to depart/arrive?
sure, I would like to go on Saturday, and arrive by 20:20. As close to that time as I can arrive.
I have a 19:17 from London that arrives at 20:08. Would that work for you?
Yes, let me have 7 tickets, please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 132.16 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : QMD5P3EG. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need.  Thanks.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me book a 1 star hotel that has free parking please?
I am sorry there are no 1 star hotels in any area,can I get a price range and area please?
Let me think about that. What are some good local restaurants?
There are over 100 restaurants in the city. Do you have a certain type of food in mind?
No, I don't. Surprise me!
Sure! Bedouin is african food located in the centre. Would that do?
Let me think about that. Can you help me book a 4 star hotel?
Yes I found 4 star hotel,do you want me to make reservation?
Do they have internet access and can you tell me their price range and postcode?
Yes, the University Arms Hotel has internet access. It is expensive, and its postcode is cb21ad. Would you like to book it?
No, that's ok. I am also looking for a restaurant that serves indian food in the cheap price range.
May I recommend the gandhi in the centre? It fits your criteria. 
That sounds good. Can you book me a table for 5 at 12 on Thursday?
I'm sorry, they don't have tables available. Would you like to try another day or time?
Is there another restaurant in the area?
Kohinoor is in the centre and serves Indian food. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes. I'd like to reserve a table for 5 on Thursday at 12:00.
I'm sorry they are booked would you like to try another time?
Are you sure there isn't an indian restaurant available on Thursday at 12:00 in the centre? Would you double check that for me again?
I was able to book kohinoor, reference number is T8TBNX3R.
I would like to get a taxi between the hotel and the restaurant.
What time would you like me to schedule the taxi for?
Arrival by the booked time at the restaurant.
Ok your all set! A yellow BMW will be picking you up a few minutes before your reservation at the restaurant. Contact number is 07785034458. Anything else?
No that will be all thank you
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
There are many places to go in the centre!  What sort of place would you like to go? A museum, park, or someplace else?
I am looking for entertainment in the centre.
I'm sorry. I am not showing anything listed under just entertainment. We have listings for several nightclubs and theaters. Would you be interested in information for any of those?
Do you have any college listings? And could you provide me with their addresses and phone numbers?
Yes! There are 13 colleges in the centre. The first one listed is Christ's College and it is located at Saint Andrew's Street and the phone number is 01223334900.
Thank you, I am also looking for a place called Pizza Express to eat. 
Pizza express serves italian food and is in town centre in the moderate price range. Is this the one you're looking for? 
Yes it is. Could you book a reservation for me please? I'd like a table for 3 people at 13:45 on Monday.
Ok.  I booked a table for three at 13:45.  The reference number is 6UPR0Q63.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I needed thank you!
You are welcome. Enjoy your day.
Hi. I'm looking for some moderately priced rooms for the night in the centre of town. Where can I go for that?
Cityrooms is the one moderately priced hotel in the area.   It has free wifi but no free parking.  Would you like me to book you?
No thank you, I'm just looking for now. That's everything I needed.
Very good.  If we can be of more assistance please let us know.  have a good day!
Is Cityrooms 4 stars?  I'm sorry I forgot to specify, but I do require it.
It isn't, and unfortunately I don't have a hotel that matches that criteria. 
Okay, how about one in the cheap price range?
I have the alexander bed and breakfast or el shaddai. Which would you prefer?
Alexander Bed and breakfast, can I get the address and hotel type please?
alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse. The address is 56 saint barnabas road. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i am also looking for scudamores punting co, what  attraction type is it? 
It's a boat attraction in the centre area. Do you want their phone number?
No, I just need a taxi to get between the two places.
Sure. What time would you like to leave and from which destination?
I'd like to leave the hotel by 11:45 please.
Your car is a black tesla contact number 07908996217 Will that be all?
Excellent. That's all i needed.
I hope you enjoy your visit to Cambridge! See you soon!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the north and should be in the type of guesthouse
There are many results for a guesthouse in the north, what price range are you looking for?
I don't care about the price but it needs to be a four star hotel.
I have 8 options. Guesthouse for all of them. Do you have a price range preference?
I need a place with 4 stars.
Okay, how about the Acorn Guest House?
Do they have internet and what's the price range?
Yes, they have free wifi and it's moderately priced.
Ok that is all I needed for now. Thanks!
Thank you for using our services.
 i am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should be in the west.
There are few expensive restaurants in the west what type of cuisine do you want ?
I would like to eat european food please. 
There is one option. It's cambridge lodge restaurant. Do you want to book a table?
I'm not ready to book yet. Can you just give me the phone number, postcode, and address?
Sure, the phone number is 01223355166 and it is located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.  Postcode cb30dq.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed for now. 
You are welcome. Have a nice day!
Hello, I am looking for a four star hotel on the north side
I have eight results. Do you need free parking? 
Not really, and I'm not really concerned with wifi either. Which one do you recommend?
How about Acorn Guest House? It's located at 154 Chesterton Road.
What is the hotel's rating?
It is rated 4 stars,
Actually, could you double check whether the Acorn has free wifi? 
Yes, it does. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, please do. I'll be arriving Thursday. They'll be 6 of us, and we'd like to stay for 4 nights. 
Yes, it does.
OK, can you please pay attention to my questions? I need a room, please.
Sorry about that! You are booked at the Acorn for 4 nights, starting Thursday ref #ZUC5SZAP. Can I be of any further assistance today?
No that will be all. Thanks!
Let us know if you need anything else.Cheers.
Please find a park in the north.
Sure, there is Milton Country Park in the north.  What would you like to know about it? 
Could I get the postcode, address and entrance fee for that location, please?
The address is milton country park, milton, the postcode is cb46az and it is totally free to enter.  Can I assist you further today?
Thanks.  I also need an expensive restaurant.  Do you know of any Asian Oriental places?
We have two such places in the center and North of town. Do you have a preference?
I'd like the one in the north, please?
okay, would you like me to book that for you
no, just their phone number and address please
Kymmoy's phone number is 01223311911 and the address is 52 Mill Road City Centre. 
Now I would like to book a taxi to commute between those two locations.
Sure, I can help you with that. When would you like to leave the park?
I'd like to leave at 21:30. I'll need the contact number and car type, please?
 Your Booking is complete the car type is a blue volkswagen and Contact number is 07433449642. May i assist you with something else?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge and needs a train that will depart from Cambridge on Monday. Can you help me book for one?
Okay! What is your destination?
i'm trying to get to peterborough
There are multiple trains that depart for peterborough. What time would you like to depart at?
I need to arrive in Peterborough by 15:30.
Well, the TR7786 will get you there at 15:24.  Will that work for you?
Can you tell me the travel time and price?
Sure! travel time is 50 minutes and the price is 16.50.
Great I also need a place to stay with free wifi in the cheap price range
 I have alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse at 56 saint barnabas road. They offer free wifi and parking. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Hi, I need to catch a train after 14:15 on Thursday.
There is a train that departs cambridge and arrives  at london kings cross on friday. 
Oh, no, I need a train that leaves from Birmingham new street and go to Cambridge. 
How about TR8121? It leaves at 14:40.
What time does it arrive?
It arrives in Cambridge at 17:23.
I'll need to know the price and travel time, and I am also looking for an expensive restaurant in the south.
The cost is 75.10 pounds per ticket. The travel time is 163 minutes. As far as restaurants I have 5 available. Which type of food would you like? 
British food would be my preference.
Unfortunately there are no British restaurants in the South in that price range. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Okay, how about Chinese food.
There are two with your preferences, The Good luck Chinese takeaway and Peking Restaraunt.  Both are in the South, would you like me to book one of those? 
No but can you give me the address, postcode and phone number for the Peking Restaurant please?
Sure. Peking Restaurant, 10 Homerton Street, City Centre cb28nx, Phone: 01223354755. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thanks. I have all I need now. Have a good one. Bye. 
Have a good day.
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay at with free wifi please.
We have 23 locations like that. Any area preferences?
In the north area, please.
That narrows it down to 10 locations. Do you have any kind of price range in mind?
No, I don't care about price, but I do need to have free parking.
I believe I would like Worth house.  
That`s fine. What is their address, please?
Worth House is located at 152 Chesterton Road. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thank you. Do they offer free parking? 
Yes, they do.
Wonderful.  I just need their postcode then please.
Yes, it is cb41da.
That is it, thanks.
Thank you & have a good day
I really would like to try some Indian food while in town so please find me a restaurant that serves it on the East side
curry prince is a nice place. Do you want to book ?
Yeah. I'd like a table for 2 people on tuesday at 13:45.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : LDY1DUF0.
I would also like to get a place to stay too. 
There are 33 options for lodging in town. Do you have a preference for type, area, pricerange, or star rating?
Same area as the restaurant, moderate price range, and it doesn't have to have free parking.
I found 3 that match that criteria. I would recommend the Carolina Bed and Breakfast which is four stars. Would you like a reservation? 
That sounds perfect. I need that for 5 nights.
Okay. Can you tell me what day you'll be arriving?
I'd like reservations for Tuesday.
How many people will be staying?
2 people will be staying. Can you give me the reference number too?
The booking was successful, and your reference number is 0OGAX9RA. 
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Okay, you are welcome! Have a good stay!
Where is the train that leaves Cambridge to Londons Kings Cross?
At the train station of course, what date and time would you need to leave?
I will be leaving on Thursday.
There are trains leaving Thursday every 2 hours starting at 5:00.  What time would you like to travel?
I'd like the train that will arrive by 13:00.  Can you book for 4?  I need a reference number please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 94.4 GBP payable at the station. The Reference number is Z3A3OC9D. Arrival time is 11:51.
I also need to find a place to visit in the North while I am in town.
Sure, there are a few options in the north.  Would you be interested in a boat, park, or swimming pool? 
The attraction should be in the north and should be in the type of swimmingpool.
Jesus green outdoor pool is a great place to visit in the north. Do you need anymore information?
Yes, could I get the address and phone number for the pool? 
It is located between Victoria Road and the river, postcode cb43px.  You can call them at 01223302579.
Great thanks. You have been so helpful. I think thats all for today. Thanks. Goodbye. 
Happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a museum in the centre of Cambridge. Can you help me find one?
There are eleven museums there. I would recommend the Castle Galleries, located at unit su43, Grand Arcade, Saint Andrews Street. Entrance is free there, too. Need an alternate recommendation?
No, that sounds fine. Could I get the phone number?
The phone number is 01223307402.
I also need to find a hotel. I'm looking for one in the east with free wifi.
I have the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge that matches your preferences. Would you like me to book it for you?
Does the hotel include free parking?
Yes it does have free parking
yes absolutely, you can book it for me please
I would be happy to. What is your arrival day, how many nights do you need, and how many are in your party?
There are 2 of us.  We will arrive on Wednesday and stay for 3 nights.
Booking was unfortunately unsuccessful. Let's try another day or a shorter stay?
Oh dear.  What if we only stay there on Wednesday?
Yes, I have booked you for Wednesday night.  Your reference number is MLQZYRU2.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
Will you need it from the hotel or to the hotel?
From the hotel.
What time would you need to be picked up at the hotel?
I would like to leave the hotel by 11:00.
Great! Be on the look out for a red honda. The contact number is 07451827304. Anything else I can help with?
No, you've been a great help already.  Thanks so much.  Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for some place to go in the West. 
No problem. Any preference on type?
Any type of attraction will do.
Great. The Cambridge and County Folk Museum is located at 2-3 Castle Street and is free. Would you like the phone number?
No thanks. I am also looking for a train for Tuesday. 
Wow!  We've got over 400 choices.  Where would you like to depart or arrive?
I also need to get information on trains running from Cambridge to Stansted Airport on Tuesday.
That narrows it down a bit. Is there a certain time of day you'd like to travel? The choices range from very early morning to quite late at night.
I would like to arrive at the airport by 08:30. 
I have train ID TR0684.  It leaves Cambridge at 7:40 and arrives at the airport at 08:08.  
Ok that sounds great, thank you! That's all I need for now.
Ok, I booked you on TR0684 tuesday leaving cambridge at 07:40 going to stansted airport with an arrival at 08:08.  Anything else I can help with?
Perfect! That will do it for today. Have a great afternoon. Bye. 
Have a lovely day then, goodbye. 
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
What can I help you with?
I need to reserve a table at shiraz, can you help me?
I sure can. Shiraz is an expensive mediterranean place in the centre of town. What day would you like your reservation?
I need the reservation for Saturday.
Ok, i am getting the info up now, how many people will this be for and what time?
There will be 5 of us and 19:45 would be great. 
I have made your reservation. Your reference number is T9VU6COP. 
I also need to book a train. 
Great! Where are you going, and when would you like to arrive?
We are departing from Birmingham New Street and going to Cambridge.
Great, what day and time would you like to leave? 
I want to travel on saturday and arrive by 13:15 please
Okay, I see 7 trains here matching your needs. Would you like me to reserve tickets?
Yes choose the arrival time closest to 13:15 and book that train for 5 people. Then give me the reference number
Okay, you are booked and reference number is QSA8VDXW
Thank you so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thanks.
Your welcome enjoy your trip
I need a theatre in the centre of town.
I found four theaters. Would you like to try the ADC Theatre?
That sounds good, I need the postcode and the entrance fee as well please.
The postcode is cb58as. Unfortunately, the entrance fee is unknown. Would you like the phone number so you can call them to ask?
Sure, I also need a train that leaves from Cambridge and arrives by 16:45. 
Adc theatre's phone is 01223300085. There are 819 trains departing cambridge. Could you be more specific on your destination and what day you'd like to leave on?
I would like to travel to Leicester on Sunday.  Can you arrange this trip?
I found one that leaves at 05:21 would that work for you?
Well, I need to arrive by 16:45, and want to depart from Cambridge.  Does that one match my request?
Yes it does, it's train TR2025 if you'd like to book.
Yes please book that for 2 people.
Sure, your reference number is LGM5AGUR. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, I think that covers it all, thanks for your help.
Of course, have a great day.
Are there any british restaurants on the west side?
For the Westies, saint johns chop house is the place.  Need a reservation?
Is that in the moderate price range?
Yes, Saint Johns Chop House is in the moderate price range.
Great!  I'm not sure when I want to go, so can I just get the address and postcode?
Saint Johns Chophouse 21-24 Northampton Street, post code cb30ad. Will there be anything else today?
I am also looking for a hotel in the same area that offers free wifi. 
There are 4 accommodations that fit your criteria. How about Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Can you book that for 6 ?
Sure, what day would you like to book it for?
I'd like to book 2 nights starting on tuesday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : G17HAX2C. Will you need a taxi to get between them?
Yes I do, I'd like to leave the restaurant by 04:45.
Did you want it to pick you up from Saint Johns chop house?
Yes, please, and go to the B&B you booked for me.
Okay, a black toyota is booked. You can contact them at 07431558834
Thank you, that was everything that I needed.
Thank you for contacting us, please don't hesitate to reach out if there's anything else you need in the future.
Can you help me find a hotel called city centre north b and b please?
Yes, it's a guesthouse in the north part of town with cheap prices. Do you want me to book it for you?
yes, please. 2 people for 3 nights starting on wednesday
The booking was successful, your reservation number is OOMOE6L0. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, are there any vietnamese restaurants in the north area of town?
No, there are not. The only vietnamese restaurant is located in the west.
How about a chinese restaurant instead?
There are 3: Hakka, Golden Wok, and The Hotpot. Do any of these sound good?
Could you reserve a table at Hakka for me? 
What day and time would you like?
i would like to book a table for the same day at 17:15
And for how many people?
Just two please.
You are all set for your reservation. The reservation number is 0CBRAMIK.
Ok that is all I needed thank you!
Alright, have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge
I can help you find train info.  What day are you traveling?
sunday after 14:00
Where are you leaving from and going to?
I will be leaving Cambridge and going to Norwich.
TR1036 leaves at 14:36. Would that work for you?
Yes that sounds perfect. Can you book it for 4 people please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 56.32 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UA5Q42C3. Can I get you anything else?
I am also looking for a guesthouse that is expensive and incldes free parking. 
Sorry, I couldn't find any matching guest houses.
Okay, how about a moderate price range then?
There are 12 in the moderate range. Is there an area of the city you would prefer to stay?
The area doesn't matter to me.
What star rating would you like the guesthouse to be?
At least a 3 star.  
I can suggest the bridge guest house.
ok, can we book that for the same group of people?
Sure, when would you be arriving?
I will want it from Tuesday. 
And for how many days?
I need it for 5 nights. 
Bridge guest house has been booked for 4 people for 5 nights starting Tuesday. Your Reference number is : YI8BZF07. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No that's everything! Thanks for your help, bye!
Thank you for calling. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
I'm craving some spicy food so find me an Indian restaurant on the East end please
The Curry Prince might fit the bill. Would you like reservations? 
no not right now thanks
Okay. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, is the Curry Prince in the moderate price range? If so, I'll need to make a reservation. 
For how many, and day and time? 
8 people at 12:15 on Friday, please.
Done! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4YZLGJJL. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
I need to book a room too a guesthouse that doesn't have internet but free parking
Would you like the guesthouse on the east side of town as well? 
That would be fine.
There are 4 different options. 3 of the guesthouse are cheap and the oter 2 are moderate priced. Is there one you'd prefer?
You can decide please.  I need to book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting Friday please.  I'm looking forward to this!
Ok, the booking was successful for the allenbell guesthouse. 517a coldham lane, cb13js, phone:01223210353. The reference number is : WFFLJRT2.  
Okay, thank you!
Anything else I can help you with today?
No that was all I needed. Thank you so much. 
OKay let us know if you need anything else. 
I do actually need a taxi between the two places.  I need to get to the restaurant for my booked reservation.
I was able to book your taxi. Be expecting a white Volvo. If you need to reach them, please call 07601547949. 
that is it for now thanks
Thanks for calling, and enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
Good morning, I need a place to stay that has free wifi and that is in the expensive price range.  Can you please tell me what is available?
I have 5 hotels that fit those qualifications, do you want to stay in a specific part of town, or is there a star rating you're looking for?
I would like the hotel to be in the north please.
I do not have any expensive hotels in the north with free wifi. Would you like me to look in a different price range?
Okay, well, how about mid-price range then?
The Acorn Guest House is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with free wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. 7 people, Monday, for 3 nights. 
The booking was unsuccessful. Want to try another time?
Yes, please book rooms for 7 people for 3 nights starting on Monday.
Archway house is available. It is a moderately priced guest house in the north with wifi. Your reference number is TBHIHEJT. Would that work for you?
I'm looking for a train going to cambridge please.
the train id is TR5219 and it leaves london kings on friday
Does that depart from broxbourne station?
Sorry. I need to narrow down the 133 trains from Broxbourne to Cambridge. First, what day do you want to leave?
I want to leave on sunday
Is there a certain time of day you would like to travel?
I would prefer to leave after 13:45 please
Alright, I have train TR4813 that leaves Sunday at 14:32 from Broxbourne. Will this work better for you?
Yes as long as it is going to cambridge that sounds fine.  I'll need the price also please.
The price is 14.32 pounds per person.
Thank you, I will buy a ticket for 14.32 pounds for train TR4813 leaving Sunday at 14:32.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 14.32 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 4YAT8PVP.
Thank you so much, have a wonderful day.
thanks for inquiring with us. have a nice day
I will do so... and you too.
I'm glad I could help you. Goodbye.
I'd like a taxi to riverboat georgina
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I would like to leave after 5:15.
Got it. Now I will just need to know where the taxi should pick you up from
The departure site is peterborough train station
Booking successful. Grey honda, contact number 07022908010
Thank you that is all I need. 
Great! Have a nice day!
Can you help me find a place to eat? I am looking for a place that serves cheap corsica food.
I'm sorry, we have no cheap corsica eateries. Care to try anything else?
Tell me some restaurant types in the town centre?
There's Chinese, Indian, Italian, Mediterranean, and Spanish, there's a few others if none of those sound appealing.
Could you please find me an italian restaurant in the centre?
Of course! I have three: Pizza Hut City Centre, Ask, and Zizzi Cambridge. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes, can you book a table for 1 at Zizzi Cambridge? I would like to go at 11:15 on tuesday.
yes certainly. I have you booked on Tuesday at 11:15 and your reference number for the booking is LMJ96HRL.
I would also like to find an attraction to go to after the meal in the same part of town.
I have a few meseums,  Theatre, Collages..What do you have inmind?
A museum sounds good can I get the phone number and entrance fee of one?
Broughton House Gallery is free. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Great, thank you! That's all I'll need for today.
OK great! I hope you have a wonderful day!
Hello, I am looking for a place to dine. I'd prefer it to be moderately priced and serve Indian food. 
We have 4 moderately priced Indian restaurants - 2 in the east, 1 in the north, and one in the west.  Which area are you interested in?
I'd like to look at the one in the west, please.
That place goes by the name of meghna, the address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton, they can be reached at 01223727410, would you like me too book you?
Can I please have their postcode? 
Their postcode is cb43lf. Would you like a reservation?
No thanks. I don't need a reservation yet. I am also looking to find a great place to do some boating. 
I have several options to choose from. Is there a particular area you want to go boating?
No, where would you suggest?
How about Camboats in the East? Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton.
That sounds good. Can I get the postcode please?
The postcode is cb43lf, anything else?
No, that's it for now.
It was a pleasure serving you today. Have a wonderful stay!
Does Cambridge offer any expensive, Singaporean cuisine?
There are no restaurants that match your request. Would you like to search in a different price range?
How about Indian food instead? I like Indian food just as much.
I can book you a table at cocum.
No thanks, I just need the phone number and postcode, for now.
The phone number is 01223366668.  The post code is  cb30ah.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find a hotel?
of course, is there an area of town you're interested in?
I actually need a train. For Thursday. 
Where you travel to and from?
I'm departing from Cambridge and it should arrive at Peterborough by 11:15.
Ok great. The TR9886 will fit your needs. Would you like to book this train?
Yes, please book it for two! 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : 13I8FUI1.
Thank you for the service, that's all I needed.
You are welcome.  Have a pleasant stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I need a restaurant in the west at a moderate price range.
Okay I have an italian, a british and an indian restaurant. Do you have a preference?
The cuisine doesn't really matter, but I guess I should try some British food while I'm there?
I found the saint johns chop house. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 7 people this Monday at 13:30 please?
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like they can accommodate that time slot. Would you like another?
Can you try 12:30 please? 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : LVT4TTLK.
Any interesting attractions in that part of town?
There are 13 attractions, ranging from colleges, to entertainment, to museums.  Do you have a type preference?
I'm sorry. I need the postcode for saint johns chop house, which you said was British food. I also need a taxi there by the booked time.
That's no problem, I can look that up for you.  Their postcode is cb30ad.  
Before we worry about the taxi, I guess it would help to find which attraction. Sorry to confuse you. What attractions do you have in the west?
I have 13 places in the west. What type are you looking for?
What would you recommend?
The cambridge book and print gallery is interesting, and offers free admission. How does that sound? 
That sounds wonderful, could I get your contact number and the model of car for the taxi?
They are located at 40 newham road and the phone number is 01223694264.  Where would you like the taxi to pick you up at?
I would like for the taxi to go from the attraction to the restaurant and I would like to make sure I arrive in time for my reservation.
Okay, I can do that for you.
Can I get the contact number and car type, please?
Your contact number is 07138378718 and the car type is a white volkswagen. Can I assist you with anything else?
You have been a great help!  Thank you!  Goodbye. 
My pleasure! Enjoy your stay!
I was looking for a hotel in the center of town that offers free parking.
I found the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel that meets your criteria.
Is the hotel expensive, and is it a guesthouse?
The Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel is expensive, but it is not a guesthouse. The guesthouses that meet your criteria are cheap.
Okay, how about any hotels that are expensive that has free parking.
There are no hotels that match that requirement.
How about a hotel type instead of guesthouse?
There are 2 results for expensive hotels in town centre. One is the gonville hotel, the other university arms hotel. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes please book Gonville Hotel for 2 people for 4 nights starting tuesday
I am sorry. That hotel is unavailable for your requested stay. Would you like to pick a different day or shorter stay?
Can you try 3 nights instead?
I have booked the Gonville hotel for 3 nights. The reference number is 4QYJH7Y5. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, are there any modern american restaurants in the center of town? Something expensive.
Sorry, but there aren't any restaurants that meet those criteria. Something less expensive, perhaps?
How about a modern european restaurant?
Yes, I can recommend darrys cookhouse and wine shop. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes I want a reservation for 2 people at 14:30
Which day would you like the reservation for?
Tuesday please. Also I need the booking reference number when you are done please.
Booking confirmed! The reference number is Z7E6UORT. Can I help you with anything else today? 
No that's all. Thank you. 
Thank you very much for using the Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for an affordable spanish restaurant.
There is one match. La Raza is located at 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, cb23ll. Phone number is 01223464550. Would you like to book a table now?
Is it in the center? If so I'd like to book a table.
Yes, it is in the centre.  When would you like to arrive?
16:15 on Monday for 7 people. 
Your booking for La Raza on Monday at 16:15 for 7 people. The reference number is U4H95J7A.
Thanks so much for all of your help.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Can you find me a train for Monday going to Cambridge?
I would love to help you but I need to know where you're leaving from and a departure or arrival time that suits you.
train arrive by 09:15 depart from london liverpool street
The TR3938 train sounds perfect. It arrives into town at 9:07. Would you like me to purchase some tickets for you?
not now. thanks for the information.
You are welcome! Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
No thank you that is all I needed. 
I am pleased to help, enjoy your trip.
I am looking for a multiple sports attraction that is in the centre of town. 
There are no multiple sports attractions in the centre of town. There is one in the east however. The Cherry Hinton Village Centre.
No I want to stay in the centre.  Can you check if there are any concerthalls?
The man on the moon is in the centre part of town. It's address is 2 norfolk street. Would you like me to reserve a ticket?
Can you tell me the entrance fee and postcode for The Man on the Moon?
The postcode for The Man on the Moon is cb12lf. You will need to give them a call at 01223474144 to find out the entrance fee. 
I am also looking for a cheap vietnamese restaurant.
There is a vietnamese restaurant called Thanh Binh on the west side of town. It is located at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Ok, I'd like to book a table for 6 people at 17:15 on friday. Please give a reference number as well, thanks! 
Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes at the time you requested.  Reference number IYKHKOC7.
I'd also like a taxi that can get me to the restaurant on time.  I need a contact number and the car type.
Alright, I have your Taxi booked. It will be a Blue Volvo, contact number: 07461170081. Can I help you with anything else today?
That is everything I needed. Thank you for the help.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo center. Have a wonderful day.
i am looking for a place to eat in the centre that serves  creative food.
We have no restaurants that serve creative food anywhere in Cambridge. Can I find you a different style of restaurant in the  center?
What expensive restaurants are in the centre?
There are quite a few.  asian, british, african, or a gastropub are just a few choices. Do you have an idea of the cuisine you'd like to try?
I would like to try Italian food.
I have several. Would you like me to suggest one for you?
If you could, just go ahead and pick an expensive one. I'll need a table booked on Monday at 19:30. It will be 6 people. 
How about clowns cafe? It's expensive. 
Ok, please book me for 6 people at 19:30 on monday.
Alright your booking number is 3HZR0O30. How else may I help you?
I am also looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called magdalene college.
Yes, it is located in the west area and has the postcode CB30AG. It is on Magdalene Street and has a free entrance fee.
Thank you! What is the attraction type?
It is a college. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
that should be all. thank you very much.
Let us know if you need help further. 
I heard cityroomz is a good hotel.  Can you give me some information on this hotel?
It is located in he centre of town and is priced in the moderate range. 
Can you book it for me
Yes I can. What day will you be arriving and departing? And how many people will be staying?
I would like to book for six people and for three nights starting on Monday.
I have you booked for 3 nights starting Monday at CityRoomz.  Your reference number is Z629WKMU.  Is there anything else I could help you with today?
Sure, I'm looking for places to go in town, something in the east. Can you help?
I have that here. What would you like to know?
Can you give me the address, attraction type, and entrance fee please?
How about the abbey pool and astroturf pitch located at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road.
That sounds great. What is the entrance fee? 
I am sorry but there is no information on the entrance fee.
Okay. Can you help me book a taxi to get there?
I certainly can help you with that. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave by astroturf pitch by 09:30.
Good news, a taxi is booked, this is a white Volkswagen. The phone number is 07766913165.
Great! Thank you. That's all I need for today. I appreciate your help.
Any time! Enjoy your trip!
I want somewhere fun to go in the south of town.
Ok, there is cineworld cinema or 7 other places I can tell you about.
May I please have the phone n umber, postcode, and address for the cinema. 
They are located at cambridge leisure park, clifton way, postal code is cb17dy, I have no information on entrance fee, to find that out call them at 00872208000
Can you help me find a restaurant as well?
There are many restaurants to choose from, do you have any preferences?
I'd like it to be expensive and to serve modern European food.
Okay, how about darrys cookhouse and wine shop in the centre of town?  
That sounds good and that is all the information I need today. 
Ok, great. Have a wonderful day!
I want to find a nightclub. 
There are 6 nightclubs in the centre. Would you like a recommendation? 
May I please have the postcode, and entrance fees for the nightclubs?
My favorite is Club Salsa.  It is located in postcode cb12jb and costs 5 pounds to enter.  Can I help you further today?
Actually, yes. I'm looking for a train from ely.
Okay, where is your destination?
My destination is Cambridge and I would like to arrive by 11:30 on Thursday. 
We have 3 trains that will get you to Cambridge before 11:30.  A departure time of 05:52, 07:35, & 09:35.  Which would work best for you?
The one for 7:35 is fine. Can I get the ID # and price, too?
The ID is TR7745.
Thank you. Have a good day.
Is there anything else you need?
I still need the price for the train.
The price is 4.40 pounds. 
thanks so much for everything today, you have been very helpful
It was my pleasure to help. Goodbye. 
I'm looking for a guesthouse in the north. 
There are 11 guesthouses in the north. Is there a specific price range your looking for?
It should have a moderate price and I don't care about free parking. 
We have 9 moderately priced guesthouses in the north. Do you need need free internet?
I don't need it but do they offer it? Also, can you provide me with the address. 
There are 8 that include free wifi with a room. Would you like information on one of those?
Yes please. I would like the address.
Acorn guest house is located at 154 chesterton road.
Great. I am also looking for a restaurant that is in the same area as the hotel.
There are 5 restaurants in the same area, are you looking for a specific type of food or price range?
North Indian, please, and moderately priced.
Unfortunately, I don't have anything serving north indian food. Is there another cuisine type I can find for you? 
How about Indian food by itself?
There is the nirala that serves indian food would you like me to book that?
Yes please and may I have the address and phone number. I would also like to book a taxi to get to the restaurant.
Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. I need a little more information to book a reservation. How many in your party and did you have a time in mind?
I don't need to book the restaurant.  I do need a taxi to pick me up from the restaurant and take me back to the hotel though.
I need to know what time you need the taxi at?
I need to leave the restaurant by 17:45.
I was able to book a yellow volkswagen, phone number is 07242504396.
Thank you, that will be all for me this time.
Okay, have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay, I'd prefer a hotel.
We have 9 hotels in town, do you have a side of town you'd like to stay on?
No, but I'd prefer a hotel in the expensive price range. I do not need free parking.
We have five expensive hotels around town, ranging from 3 star to 4 star.
Which one would you recommend?
I would recommend the Lensfield Hotel. It is a personal favorite. Would you like me to see what is available?
Okay, let's book it for two people for 5 nights starting Friday.
I couldn't get you a room at the Lensfield. Maybe a shorter stay or different hotel?
Yes as long as it's in the same price range.
Okay I was able to book you into the Gonville and your reference number is : PVRV1EEJ.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You are welcome.  Enjoy your stay at the Gonville Hotel.  Bye.
I'm trying to find out where the Parkside Police Station is. Can you help me?
It is on Parkside in Cambridge, Postcode CB11JG. The telephone number is 01223358966. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I needed. Thanks so much for your help!
Great! Have a nice day! 
I am looking for a hotel called express by holiday inn cambridge.
The hotel is located in the eastern part of the city.  It is in the expensive price range.  Would you like me to try and make a reservation?
First, can you tell me if the hotel has internet available?
Yes they have internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
That won't be necessary right now.  But, can you find a train that leaves after 19:30 and goes to Cambridge?
Sure! Just let me know what day you're traveling as well as your departure station.
I will be traveling on tuesday. 
Great I also need to know where you will be leaving from.
LEAVING ELY GOING TO CAMBRIDGE ON SATURDAY. I NEED ARRIVAL TIME, TRAVEL TIME AND TRAIN ID PLEASE
TR4288 arrives at 19:52. The travel time is 17 minutes. 
thank you. thanks for all your help. goodbye. 
i am glad i have been of help. good day
I am looking for a train. The train should leave on monday and should leave after 16:45
Where are you going and where are you headed?
The train should leave on monday and should leave after 16:45, departing from stevenage and should go to cambridge.
I have a train that departs at 17:54 and meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you book passage for 7 people, please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 89.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3FDGDHDS.
Thank you for your help.
You are more than welcome!
Have a wonderful day!
Thank you for using our services. Do you need any further assistance?
No that was all. Goodbye.
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves indian food.
Curry Garden at 106 Regent Street City Centre fits your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
Yes please, what are their hours of operation?
What day and time would you like to book a table?
On Friday please at 19:30 for a party of 5 please.
Your reservation has been made for friday at 19:30 for 5 people at Curry Garden. The reference number is APDCC4GS. Thank you and have a nice day!
Thank you for your help.
You are very welcome. Have a nice day. 
I would also like to book a train departing from Cambridge after 15:30.
I'm happy to help with that. Where would you like to go? Do you have a day in mind?
I'd like to go to Stansted Airport on Saturday. There will be 5 of us. Can you book that?
5 tickets for train TR0638 departing from Cambridge at 15:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport at 15:08 this Saturday. The fee is payable at the station. Reference number: MVIBVUVE.
Thanks thats all. 
You are very welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No thank you. You've been very helpful.
Have a great day.
Thanks, you too, can I just close this dialogue?
Yes you are all set thank you for using our system.
I'm in the city centre right now, and I'm really craving some Indian food. Can you help me find a place?
I can recommend several options, but it depends upon the price range you are looking for?
I'm looking for some good, cheap food. 
There are 3 cheap Indian restaurants in the city centre: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Do any of these sound good?
Yes, wonderful book a table for 4 on 18:45 thursday at any one of those places.
They are all booked for that time frame. Would you like to try a different time?
Can you try 17:45?
Your booking was successful at the kohinoor for thursday at 17:45. May I help you with anything else today?
Can I please get the reference number? 
That would be T91T1IMX. What else can I help you with?
Thanks.  I also need to find a train going to Cambridge on Thursday.  I need to arrive by 9:15.
Sure, where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from  broxbourne
I have the TR5496 arriving by 08:32. Would you like me to book you passage?
No, I only need the train's departure time and travel time.
Okay. The TR5496 leaves Broxbourne at 07:32 and travels for 60 minutes, arriving in Cambridge at 08:32. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you verify that the train is departing on Thursday?
Yes, it is. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thanks. That does it. Have a nice night. Goodbye. 
Good night to you too, and goodbye.
I need a train on wednesday to try some of the local restaurants in cambridge.
I can assist, where will you be coming from and do you have a time preference?
I am departing from London Kings Cross and need to arrive by 16:30.
The earliest that I can get would be an arrival time at 14:08. How many tickets please?
How much are the tickets?
Each ticket is 23.60 pounds.
Please book it for 1 person please.
The reference number is F2ODHQYM.
Great! Can you also find me a moderately-priced restaurant on the north side of town?
I have listings for 2 both in the north of town.
Can you give me a phone number and post code for whichever one you like the best?
I recommend the Golden Wok located at 181 Histon Road Chesterton, post code cb43hl, and their phone number is 01223350688.  
Thank you , that will do it .  I appreciate the help.
You're so welcome. Have a nice day! Goodbye!
Am looking for hospital in town.
I have the Addenbrookes Hospital on Hills Road in Cambridge. Their phone number is 01223245151.
What is the postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye. 
You are more than welcome! 
I'm looking for something to do in the center of town.
There are more than 40 things to do in the centre of town. Is there anything in particular you are looking for?
I'm not sure what I want to do. What's something interesting?
The old schools would be a good place. Would you like the address?
Yes. Also I need the phone number and the amount of entrance fee. I also will be needing a train. 
It is free to enter. The phone is 01223332320. Where will you travel to?
The train should go to birmingham new street and should leave on wednesday
Okay, what time would you like to arrive? I have 19 trains on Wednesday.
I'd like to leave after 09:45, please.
It looks loike TR3836 will fit your needs would you like me to book this for you?
Yes please I need a booking for 8 people and i need a reference number for the booking.
Your booking was a success. Your reference number is: K0NF4V7I and the total is 600.79 GBP payable at the station.
Hi.  Can you tell me if any restaurants in the area serve halal food?
I apologize, there are no restaurants in the area that serve halal food. Would you like another type of food?
How about Portuguese food?
Nandos is serves portuguese food, is in the south part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes, phone number and address please.
there phone number is 01223327908 and there address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way, Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that is all I needed to know.  Have a good day.
Thank You
Goodbye
Goodbye.
Could you tell me where Cotto is located?
I have them at 183 East Road City Centre, cb11bg.
Great! Do you know what price range they are in?
Sure, they are in the moderate price range.
Thanks, good bye.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a gastropub in the centre of town. What do you have? 
I see there are 3 restaurants serving gastropub in the centre. Do you have a specific pricerange you'd rather?
It's a special occasion, so let's go with something expensive.
Okay, I recommend the Backstreet Bistro. It's located at 2 Sturton Street City in the centre. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I need a table for 5 people.
I'll be happy to make your reservations.  What time would be a good time and how many people are we making a reservation for?
for 5, at 17:15 on Friday. 
Booking was a success!  Your reference number is: 0WLY58QY and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Awesome, I'm also looking for a swimming pool to go to after the restaurant. Can you find one in the same area?  
Parkside pools is in that same area.
That sounds great. Could you give me their number please?
Yes, it is 01223446100. Can I do anything else for you today?
That takes care of all my needs. Thanks a bunch!
Great, you are very welcome! Take care now!
Hi, I need a train on Sunday leaving peterborough.
I have 38 trains leaving peterborough on sunday.  Where are you headed?
I am hoping to arrive in cambridge by 12:30.
I have 13 trains meeting your criteria. The first leaves at 05:19 and leave every 30 minutes after. Can I book one of them for you?
What is the one with the shortest travel time?
All the trains take exactly 50 minutes. What time would you like to depart?
Hm, I'll take any train that will let me arrive by or before 12:30.
Booking was successful. Departs at 11:19 and arrives at 12:09, that will be 13.2 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is QS1AJEL1. Anything else I can help you with?
I need a hotel, one with free parking.
There are a lot of possibilities here but none indicate free parking, just whether they have parking or not.  Could you list places with free parking?
I need an expensive hotel that includes free parking. 
Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is an expensive hotel located in the east, and it includes parking. Would you like me to book a stay there for you?
I want to book this hotel for the same group of people and 3 nights starting from Sunday.  I'll need a reference number please.
Your reservation is confirmed and the reference number is ##
I'm sorry? Were you able to book the Express by Holiday Inn for 4 people?
Yes, sorry about that.. the reference number is GT21FKR5.
Ok, thank you, that's all I need for now.
Thank you! Have a great day!
I need help finding a hotel, please.
I can help you with anything you need.  What hotel are you looking for?
I need a hote on the north with free wifi.
Ok, thanks for that information. What is your price range for the hotel?
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel.
We have quite a few hotels that meet your criteria.  May I ask if you have a preference of how many stars?
No star preference but it should also have free parking. 
We have 9 options that meet your request. Do you want me to go ahead and book the cheapest for you?
Yes the cheapest will be fine,thank you 
What area do you need to be in?
I would like a hotel in the north, but please remember it needs to be moderately priced and include free parking & wifi.  
I have five places. Is there a star rating you prefer?
yes a 3 star rating at least 
Hamilton Lodge is available, would you like me to book you?
No but I would like to find a train for Sunday going to Liverpool Street from Cambridge, leaving after 20:30.
Sure thing would you like me to book that for you?
First, may I have the postcode and address of the Hamilton Lodge, please? Then, I would like the train booked. 
156 chesterton road, cb41da.  Now shall we finish booking the train?
Yes lets finish booking the train. I need to book for 4 people.
I have booked it Reference number is 8R9CJHWQ.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
I  hope you  have a nice trip.  Goodbye.
Hi, can you help me find a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday?
I can help with that. Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from Peterborough, arriving by 08:30. 
:Train TR9422 departs Cambridge and arrives in Peterborough at 08:09, will that one work for you? 
That sounds great.  Please make a booking for 8 people, please. 
You are all set, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is YLBT17JA, anything else that I can help with?
Yes, I'm looking for places to go in the west part of town.
There are many options of things to do in the west, would you prefer a college, museum, or entertainment?
A museum is more of my thing. Recommend one and send me the phone number please
Cafe Jello Gallery would be my recommendation.  The phone number is 01223312112.  Is there anything else I can help  you with?
Great.  Is there an entrance fee for that gallery?
No it is free for everyone.  Anything else that I can help with?
No, that is all for today.  You have been a great help!
thank you and enjoy your stay with us!
I am trying to find a museum to go to while I am in Cambridge on holiday.
There are several museums in Cambridge. Is there a certain area you are hoping to visit?
I have no particular area in mind.  Which do you recommend and can I get the entrance fee and phone number please?
There are 23 museums in the area of cambridge what area do you want?
I'm departing cambridge . Can you find a train that leaves after 08:15?
Where will you be going and on what day?
I am trying to get to peterborough on Thursday please.
TR4863 leave at 08:34, would that work for you?
Yes thank you, I would like to book for one ticket. I would also like the reference number please. 
I was able to book that ticket for you. Your reference number is EMF3A2D0. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes can you get me the phone number and entrance fee of a museum? It can be located anywhere in Cambridge.
I have the byard art museum in the south. The phone number is 01223464646 and it is free to enter. Can I help you with anything else today?
I believe that is all, thank you
Have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge, 
Okay. Are you looking for a train, place to stay, or an attraction? We can even make restaurant reservations for you. 
the cambridge punter is what I would love to go to 
What a great choice! That is a boating attraction that is located in the center of town. They are located at 251a Chesterton Road. Their postcode is cb41as. 
i am also looking for a train. The train should leave after 20:15 and should depart from london liverpool street.
There are trains every day at 21:39 and 23:39 that run from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge. Do you know what day you'll be travelling? Would you like to book tickets?
Please book 10 round trip tickets for Wednesday at 21.39. Please send me the confirmation number along with the total cost of everything.
Your tickets are booked. The confirmation number is IKGWPF5T and the total cost is 166 GBP which you can pay at the station.
Please send me information on a particular attraction called the cambridge corn exchange.
Yes, The Cambridge Corn Exchange is located in the centre and is on Wheeler Street. Their phone number is 01223357851. 
What type of attraction is that?
The Cambridge corn exchange is a theatre.
Alright, thanks. Are there any trains that run from Cambridge to birmingham new street?
Yes, what day and time would you like to travel?
The train should go to birmingham new street and should depart from cambridge. The train should leave on monday and should arrive by 11:15
The TR6628 arrives in Birmingham New Street at 10:44, leaving Cambridge at 08:01. It is 75.10 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
no but can you give me the travel time, train id and the departure time again please?
Sure! The travel time is 163 minutes, the train ID is TR6628, and it departs at 08:01. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's all I needed thanks! Bye!
Have a nice stay in cambridge!
I've just been robbed. I need to report it.
So sorry to hear that. You can get assistance by contacting Parkside Police Station at Telephone 01223358966, Address Parkside, Cambridge, Postcode CB11JG.
That will be all, thank you.
You're welcome, and good luck.
Can you find me a moderately priced restaurant in the west ?
Meghna is an indian restaurant in the west part of town and in the moderate price range. 
What is the phone number?
01223 727410
Thank you good bye. 
Thank you for using this system. Goodbye.
Thank you . Good bye 
thank you 
Can you book me a taxi from Avalon to De Luca Cucina and Bar?
Easy enough. What time would you like to leave by as well as arrive to?
I would like to arrive at De Luca by 07:30.  It doesn't matter when I leave.
I booked that for you. The car will be a white honda and the contact number is 07804995392.
Thank you very much for you help today. 
You are very welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a guesthouse that has free parking.
There is a guesthouse in the north of town in the moderate price range.
It should include free wifi and should be in the cheap price range.
The Alexander bed and breakfast in the centre of town and the Allenbell on the east side of town.  Which guesthouse would you like to book?
Alexander is fine. I need to book for 8 people. We'll arrive Wednesday and stay 5 nights. I'll also need the reference number, please.
Great, your reservation is booked at the Alexander, your reference number is Z8BRHTV8. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I also need to find a train going to cambridge.
Great what is your departure city and what time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 19:00 the departure city is peterborough. I'm looking to leave the same day as the hotel booking.
Awesome. We have the TR9969 that leaves at 19:19. Would you like me to book that?
Yes, may I have the reference number?
Of course. I just want to confirm before booking. That was for all 8 people correct?
Yes it was, thank you.
Your train, TR9969, traveling from peterborough to cambridge on wednesday from 19:19 through 20:09 has been booked. The total for 8 people is 132 GBP and your reference number is JHCT9HJU.
Thank you that's all that I needed today
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day. 
I need some help finding a place to stay with a 4 star rating and free wifi.
We have two guesthouses, one in the north and one in the east both are priced moderately, can I help with any other questions?
I prefer the north. 
Ok, that would be Avalon guesthouse. Do you want to book a room there?
Yes, please. 3 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 9ZVM9EPE. anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks.
No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm sorry, I just remembered I'm looking for an attraction as well. Can you help?
sure, what would you like to know?
I would like something near the Avalon guesthouse. 
I have many attractions in that area.  What type of attraction are you interested in?
It does not matter can you recommend one please?
How about a boating attraction. The Riverboat Georgina would be nice. Would you like additional information?
Yes please! Could I get their entrance fee and address?
I'm sorry but you will have to go there in person to see the fee, but the address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house.
Could I have the phone number as well?
sure it is 01223902091
Thank you very much. That is all I needed.
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
Hi, I need a train that departs from bishops stortford and leaves on monday. 
I have 10 trains available.  What is your destination and preferred departure and arrival times?
My destination is cambridge and needs to arrive by 15:00. 
I would recommend TR1827 which leaves Bishops Stortford at 13:29 and arrives in Cambridge by 1407. 
What would the price range be for that?
The price is 10.10 pounds.  Would you like me to book that train?
No but I need information on places to go in the centre of town.
We have a lot of things to do in the centre. Is there a particular type of attraction you're interested in?
Can you suggest something?
What about a museum? The regency gallery is amazing and it's free!
Sounds good. Can I get the phone number and postcode?
Sure the phone number is 01223365454 and the post code is cb11er.   Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think that this trip to Cambridge will make my wildest dreams come true.  Thanks for helping me make it happen.
Wonderful! You're welcome, have a great day!
where is the Addenbrookes Hospital?
It's located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, you can reach them via telephone at 01223245151.
Thanks, do they have a children's oncology and haematology department?
Yes, they do. That department can be reached directly at 01223217231. Can I be of any further assistance today? 
No, that's all I needed to know. Thank you.
My pleasure, if you should need more information please feel free to contact us again.
I will. Goodbye.
Goodbye. Hope everything turns out okay!
Hi, I am looking for a 4 star guesthouse.
I have 18 results. What price range would you like? 
Money is no object, but I'd like it to be a 4 star location please. And I'd only like to stay on the north side of town.
I have about 8 different options. Most are moderately priced. There is one that is cheap. Do you have a preference as to which? 
I need a place that has enough beds for 7 persons for 3 nights starting this Thursday.
I'm afraid that wont work. Can we try a different day or shorter length of stay?
Yeah, how about for one day? Please get me the reference number if that works
Which hotel would you like of the available choices?
Whatever is available. But I would prefer a guesthouse with free parking.
Arbury Lodge guesthouse is able to accommodate your party of 7 for Thursday night. Your reference number is 7PLMHREX. Is there anything else you need?
No, that about covers everything. Thanks for your help.
Excellent. Take care!
I need a train that is departing from cambridge and should leave on sunday.
Where will you be going?
I will be going to ely and I would like it to arrive by 11:45.
Train TR2475 leaves at 07:50 and arrives by 08:07 on Sunday. Would you like to book this now?
Could I have the price for that train please?
They are 3.52 pounds each
Yes could you book that for me?
Yes, I can book that for you.  Can I confirm that this is for one person, or do you need more than one ticket?
Please. I am also looking for a museum in the east please. 
In the east we have four museums cambridge artworks, cambridge museum of technology, gallery at twelve a high street and saint barnabas press gallery. 
Could you tell me the entrance fee and address for the Cambridge Museum of Technology?
the entrance fee for cambridge museum of technology is 5 pounds.  shall I get tickets for you if so how many?
That won't be necessary. Can you tell me the postcode for the museum?
The postcode is cb58ld. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you, that will be all.
Alright then. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye. 
Got any fish and chip shops on the westside?
There doesn't seem to be any seafood restaurants in the west. Would another area work for you? 
I meant british food with that.
There are three restaurants in the westside that serve british food.  Do you prefer a moderate or expensive price range?
I want one in the expensive range. 
Travellers Rest is located on Huntingdon Road. Would you like reservations?
yes for 7 at 17:15 on wednesday, I'll need the reference number then too please
I have a table booked for 7 people at 17:15 on Wednesday, your reference number is 4WRE7J72.  Can I help with anything else?
yeah i also need a place to stay
I'd be happy to help. I am showing 33 hotels. Perhaps we can narrow it down a bit. What area of town would you like to stay in?
Any area of town would be fine. I am looking for a guesthouse in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive guesthouses in our listings, are you willing to consider other price ranges?
how about one that is in the type of hotel.?
I have the university arms hotel located in the centre. 
That will work.  Can I book that for 7 people on Wednesday? We will be there for 2 nights.
Sure I got your reservation and your reference number is 09B5QSH5.
Thank you! I will also need a taxi to travel between the two places.
Ok great and what time do you prefer?
I need to be at restaurant by 17:15
A grey volvo with pick you up and the contact number is 07701301770. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thank you so much for your help.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Can you help me find a good thai restaurant in the west?
There is Sala Thong that's expensive would you like me to book a table for you?  
Yes, that would be great.
Can you please tell me how many people and what day and time you would like me to book it?
Thursday at 12:45 for 7 people. 
I was able to book that for you for Thursday. Your reference number is 07CI497H.
thank you for your service
You are quite welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, the reservation is all. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our services.
I'd love some help finding more information about the Michaelhouse Cafe.
The Michaelhouse cafe serves European food in the centre area, and it is expensive. Is there anything else you need to know?
Yes, could I get the phone number and postcode?
Sure.  The phone number is 01223309147 and the postcode is cb21su. 
I also need to take a train from peterbourough to cambridge, I need to arrive by 21:00
What day will you be travelling?
I will be traveling on Sunday
I have train TR3782 that leaves at 5:19 and arrives at 6:09.  Would you like to book that?
Yes 1 ticket please and the reference number then too
Your booking is successful. It is going to cost 13.2 GBP and your reference number is 3FA26HLL.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else you will be needing right now?
Thank you for all the information. The information will make my trip much more enjoyable. 
Your welcome. I'm glad I was able to help. 
I'm looking for an entertainment attraction please.
There are five entertainment attractions in town. What area of town do you want to visit? 
The area doesn't matter
My favorite is the Funky Fun House in the east. Would you like their address or phone number?
That sounds great, yes please may I have their phone number and postcode?
their phone number is 01223304705 and the postcode is cb58hy
Thanks for that. Please find me a Welsh restaurant in the center
There are no Welsh restaurants in the centre would you like another area or type of food?
How about international food?
Yes I have two international restaurants that are both in the moderate range. Would you like me to pick for you?
yes and book for me a table for 8 people at 19:30 on wednesday
You are all set, the reference number is BXFB7UEY, any further questions?
No, that's it. Thank you so much.
Enjoy your evening! Let us know if we can be of any further assistance.
I would like a taxi departing from Warkworth House and arriving at Jinling Noodle.
What time did you want to leave warkworth house?
by 23:15 and can I get a contact number and the car type?
A blue BMW will pick you up by 23:15. The contact number is 07304029260.
Thank you so much.  Have a great day.  Bye.
You're welcome. Have a good day. 
I was robbed! I need help!
Contact the Parkside Police Station at 01223358966
Can you give me their address, please?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG.  
enjoyed your services. keep that up
Do you need any further assistance?
No, I'm going to the police station now. Thanks for your help.
Youre welcome. Goodbye
I need to know more about the Alexander bed and breakfast. 
Alexander B and B is one of our higher rated guesthouses in the centre of town.  It is 4 stars, but is surprisingly cheap.  Can I get you any specific information?
I would like to make a booking for book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
Yes, I can book it now.
Is there a reference number associated with the booking?
Hi, I'm the supervisor, I have taken over for the rep, my apologies, you booking is set, the reference number is VY2TZJWT.  Can  I help with anything else?
I need information on India House, a restaurant.  I need to book for 5 people at 16:45 for Wednesday, please.
It's an expensive Indian restaurant in the west part of town at 31 Newnham Road Newnham. Their phone number is 01223461661. Your reference number is 1ETONEKW. 
Great.  Thanks for all your help!
Yeah, anytime let us know if you need anything else. 
Thank you that is all I need today.
Happy to be of service. Enjoy your meal and your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a restaurant called lan hong house. Can you get me more information about it please?
Sure lan hong house has some of the best moderately priced chinese food and is in centre area. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, on thursday at 20:00 for 8 People. Could I get a reference number as well?
I was able to reserve the table for you. Your reference number is P1YUC7J9.
Thanks, I'm also looking for places to go in the west.  What can you tell me?
There are 13 attractions in the west end of the city. Some colleges, some museums, and an entertainment venue. Which would you like to learn more about?
Let's go with an entertainment attraction. 
The only entertainment attraction I have in the west is Whale of a Time. They are located at Unit 8, Viking Way, Bar Hill. The postcode is cb238el.
Could I get the phone number for that attraction?
Sure!  The phone number is 01954781018.
I also need a taxi between Whale of a Time and Lan Hong House that arrives by are reservation time at the restaurant
I've booked you a grey Lexus.
Can I please get the contact number for the taxi company? 
The contact number is 07133327407. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you That is all.
You're welcome. Have a great day
Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
I can direct you to Addenbrookes Hospital in Cambridge. Is there a specific department you're looking for?
No, I just need the postcode, please.
Okay. The postcode is CB20QQ. Is that everything you needed today?
What's the telephone number?
Postcode	:	CB20QQ and Telephone	:	01223245151
Thanks a ton. That's all I want to know for now. Bye.
Great. Have a fantastic rest of your day!
one in the east of town
What are you specifically looking for?
a place to stay, moderate price range should have internet and 3 stars
I have 4 guesthouses available in the moderate price range.  What part of town would you prefer? 
The area doesn't matter. I don't need internet and I need to book it for 1 person.
Alpha-Milton guest house is in the north part of town has 3 stars. 
Okay please book it for 1 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
The Alpha-Milton guesthouse was booked for you successfully. Your reference number is XQY0ITE2. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'd like to know if there are any places in town in the south that is the type of multiple sports?
There are no multiple sports in the south, but there are multiple sports in the east. Do you want to stay with an attraction in the south?
A park will be okay, just looking for somewhere to get exercise on the trip.
sheep's green and lammas land park fen causeway is a park in the south. It's very nice, and admission is free. Can I get you any other information on the park?
Yes, I need the phone number and postcode please.
The phone number is 01223302580 and the post code is cb22ad. 
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to stay in the south that is cheap?
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is a 4 star guesthouse in the south and offers free parking and internet. Would you like a reservation?
Is that in the cheap price range?
Yes, it is.
I need a reservation for 8 people for 2 nights starting from Friday and need the reference number.
Okay, your reservation has been made. Your reference number is N18EAXT2. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train. I will need it to be on the same day as the hotel. I'm going to Cambridge. 
Where will you be departing from and what time do you want to arrive on Friday?
I am leaving from Birmingham New Street. I don't care when I arrive. I just want to leave after 13:00, please.
I have a TR6359 that leaves at 13:40 on Friday.  Would that be okay for you?  Or, I do have later trains if you wish?
That is fine please book for 8 people. 
I will gladly book that for you now.
Will you send a reference number?
Your reference number is 7LTOLNV4. The total fee of 600.79 is payable at the station. 
Thanks for your help, that's all I need today!
Okay, enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye.
Yes I am looking for an expensive Chinese restaurant.
There are quite a few options. Do you have a preference for the area?
I don't. Could you make a recommendation?
The Ugly Duckling located in the centre has great food and is very popular.  Would you like me to make you a reservation?
What is the postcode for that restaurant? 
Ugly Duckling's postcode is cb21tw. Can I book a table for you?
That won't be necessary. Thank you for the help!
Thank you , have a great time.
I'm looking for a museum in the west area of town.
There is a museum called Kettle's Yard in the west. Would you like to go here?
Yes please, what is their entrance fee?
Kettle's yard has a no entrance fee.
Oh great thank you for your help. Where is the train from cambridge to norwich depart from and when?
There is a train leaving on Friday at 5:36. Would you like that one?
I'm actually looking for one on Thursday that will arrive by 10:30. Are there any trains available for that?
Yes! The price is 17.60 pounds. How many tickets would you like to book?
I would like to book 6 tickets, please. And may I have the reference number once the booking is complete?
Yes great! I have your reference number. It is HI5JHIXZ and the total cost of your tickets was 105.6 GBP. Please do enjoy your trip. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you for your help!
Sure thing, enjoy your trip!
Find me an expensive hotel with free parking.
There are 5 different hotels that are expensive and all include free parking. Is there a particular area you would like to stay in?
No. As long as its in the type of hotel.
There are two four-star hotels with free parking in this price range, the Huntingdon Marriott and the University Arms Hotel.
Can I get the phone number for the Huntingdon Marriott, please?
Of course! It's 01480446000. May I help with anything else?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome. Good-bye.
I feel like having Italian for dinner.  Are there any cheap restaurants with good Italian in town?
Sure, how about zizzi cambridge, they offer cheap Italian food in the town centre.
Sounds great. Can I get their number?
Certainly, the phone number at zizzi cambridge is 01223365599. May I help with anything else?
No I think that's all I need. Thanks for the help!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant, can you help?
Sure, do you know what you are looking to eat?
I am wanting a recommendation so it can be any type of food, but I would like something cheap and in the centre of town. 
I would highly recommend the Charlie Chan for you. Should I make a booking for you? 
Yes can you please and send me the reference number?
Sure.  Can you tell me how many people will be there and when you would like the reservation for?
No problem. I would like it booked for two people at 20:00 on Saturday.
Your reference number is OWA5YKJI. Do you need help with anything else?
I need to know where a fin place ot go is, I dont care what type, just in the cetre area near where I am eating.  
I am sorry what is a fin? Can you please rephrase your question?
Sorry, I am looking for a fine attraction which is also in the center of town.
What type of attraction would you like?
Suggest something to me, near the restaurant.
old schools is nice and they are located in the centre
What kind of attraction is that?
Old Schools is an architecture tour.
That sounds interesting. What is the entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee.
Thank you for all your help. That's all I need for now.
Thank you for calling and have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
I need a cinema to go to in the south.
The cineworld cinema is the place! 
Can you tell me the address?
The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. Can I help with anything else? 
Yes, I need to find a restaurant in the same area.
I have 9 different restaurants in the south. Lets try to narrow it down. Do you have a preference on price range? 
Do any of the nine restaurants serve north american food?
No, they do not.  How about Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton?  It is Italian but it is popular with the Americans here. 
We eat Pizza Hut way to much. Can you try something with indian food? It is a special occasion so it can be expensive.
There is Taj Tandoori which is located on 64 Cherry Hinton Road.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
No, but can you give me the phone number and postcode?  Thanks!
Taj Tandoori's phone number is 01223412299 and the postcode is cb17aa.
Thank you! You have answered all of my needs.
It was a pleasure. Thank you for using our service. Good night. 
I need to find a particular train that will arrive at 16:30 and will leave on Saturday. I would appreciate it if you could help me.
There are 229 trains that meet your criteria. What are your departure and arrival stations?
I'm coming from Peterborough and going to Cambridge.
TR6886 departs at 06:48 and arrives 07:38.  Will that work for you?  I can book it if you are interested.
Yes please, can you make the reservation for 7 people and then send me the reference number.
Ok. I've booked that for you. Your reference number is 2K7LO41G. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I am looking for a restaurant that serves modern eclectic food and is in the moderate price range.
I am sorry I cannot find any restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like me to look for something else?
How about one that serves indian food?
There are four restaurants that serve Indian food in the moderate price range, located in the east, north, and west areas. Do you have a preference?
The east is fine. May I have the address, phone number, and postcode? 
Absolutely. The Curry Prince is located at 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, cb58jj. The phone is 01223566388. Can I help with anything else today?
No thank you, that will e all.
Thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day!
I need a taxi arriving by 16:45.
Sure! Where are you coming from?
I want to leave from nandos, city center. 
Great. And where will you be traveling to?
I'm going to parkside police station to turn myself in.
Ok, your contact number is 07037812928 and it will be a black volvo.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all. Thanks
You are very welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the west area of town.
There are nine expensive restaurants on the west side of town. Did you have a specific cuisine in mind?
Indian sound good.
We have tandoor palace, cocum, rice boat, maharajah tandoor restaurant, and india house, which would you like to try?
The Maharajah Tandoor sounds great!
Would you like me to book you a table at maharajah tandoori restaurant?
Yes, a table for 2 people on friday at 12:00. I need a reference number. 
All right, a table for 2 is reserved for you. M4TC7VRV is your reference number.
I am also going to need a taxi to get me to the restaurant before my reservation.  Can you get me their contact number and car type?
I would be happy to book you a taxi. Could you please tell me where you would like to depart from?
I would like to leave maharajah taondoori, and go to a college.
When would you like to leave the restaurant or arrive at the college?
I want to arrive at the restaurant by 12:00 on Friday please. I will also need their contact number and the car type.
Would you like to arrive at the restaurant or at the college by 12:00? I'm afraid there has been a misunderstanding.
The restaurant please.
Where would you like the taxi to take you?
to the attraction
I apologize, there's been a misunderstanding. Before we can book your taxi, we need to know which college. There are 18 colleges. What area are you looking for?
I'm sorry, let's back up. We'll worry about the taxi later. First, can you help me find a college on the west side of town? 
I apologize for the confusion. I have 5 different museums. 3 are free and the other two charge 2.50 pounds. All are in the west. Which do you prefer?
I would prefer a free one, just surprise me with information on one of them please.
Just to avoid any confusion on my part you were looking for a college or a museum? I may have pulled up the wrong information. I apologize for that. 
A college and I need their telephone number.
Certainly Churchill College is free to enter and their address is storey's way.
Great! May I have their contact number?
The contact number for Churchill College is 01223336233. Are you ready to book that taxi now that we know which college you are wanting to travel to?
Yes please, to be precise and clear up prior misunderstandings, I need a taxi at 11.45 from Churchill College to Maharajah Tandoor so I can get there by 12.
Yes, we've booked a taxi for you: A red volvo, contact number 07272851306.
That is wonderful.  Thank you so much for being patient.  I am all set.  Bye.
Thank you, goodbye.
i need a taxi pick up at london kings cross train station going to saigon city
Ok, what time do you want to leave by?
I want to leave by 05:00.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	yellow bmw Contact number	:	07229816957
Hi, I'd like to find out about the Limehouse hotel. 
Yes, the Limehouse is a moderately priced guesthouse on the north side. What other information can I get for you? 
Actually, you answered all of my questions. Thanks so much. Goodbye. 
I'm glad I could help.
I am staying in west cambridge.  Are there any parks out there to take my kids to?
There are no parks on the west side of town. Do you want me to search for a park in a different part of town?
No, can you look for a museum instead?
There are 7 different parks on the west side. I would recommend a free park called Kettle's Yard. Would you like more information on it or any other park?
Are there any museums on the west side of town? I will need the entrance fee, phone number, and postcode.
There are 7 different museums in the west area. All are free addmission except one. Would you like me to make a suggestion?
Yes, please pick one for me, and let me know the entrance fee, phone number and postcode.
I would recommend People's Portraits Exhibition at Girton College. They offer free entrance. Their postcode is cb3ojg. Their phone number is 01223338901. 
Can you book it for me?
I'm sorry, we don't do bookings for attractions. 
How about a train? I need to go from Stansted Airport to Cambridge on Saturday and arrive there by 08:45. I need departure time, train ID, and price. Thanks!
how about TR4194? it arrives at 05:52
Sounds great. I don't need to book it, but I would like the price.
The ticket price is 8.08 pounds. The departure time is 05:24. May I help you with something else?
No that is all the information I need today. 
Your welcome. Have a great day.
That is all. Have a great day.
thank you and have a great day
say hi to your family.
I will thank you.  Goodbye.
Hi, I need to take a train from Cambridge, leaving any time after 09:15.
Alright the first train leave by 11:00.
I'll be going to Liverpool Street in London on Wednesday.  Can I get the information on the earliest train after 09:15?
TR4757 is just fine for you. it takes 88 minutes. can i book
What specific time does TR4757 arrive to Liverpool Street?
TR4757 is much later than you want. TR5874 is better - it will leave at 09:59 and arrive at 11:27.
You can book this. Can you tell me about entertainment type places in the centre of town?
there's nothing in that area, do you want me to check other areas?
How about a college in the centre of town?
There are 13 colleges located in the center of cambridge. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes with an entrance fee please.
Sure, I would recommend Corpus Christi College, their admission fee is 2 pounds. Would you like a reservation? 
No , thank you. That is all I need.
Okay, have a great day!
okay you too
Thank you. Please contact us again if you need anything else.
I need a taxi leaving after 21:00.
Where will you be leaving from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from scudamores punting co and want to go to the slug and lettuce.
Booking completed! A yellow tesla will be arriving at 21:00.  The contact number is 07398361286. Thank You! 
Ok, thank you have a great day!
You as well!
Hi, I'm looking for information on a particular restaurant called Galleria. 
Galleria serves European food in the moderate price range.  It is located in the Centre of town.  Would like to book a table?
Yes, please. I'd like the reservation to be at 18:30 for 5 people on Sunday. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : ENOALFAV.
Thank you that will be all. Have a great day.
great day and thanks for inquiring with us
I would also like to find a museum.
Which area would you like the museum to be?
How about you just choose the one you like best and give me the postcode, entrance fee, and area information for it
Byard art is a museum in the south. It is free to enter and the postcode is cb21sj. Anything more today?
Please arrange for a taxi to pick me up from Byard art and take me to Galleria by 18:30. Provide car type and contact number too.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	red lexus Contact number	:	07555424165 
Great thank you so much for all the help!
Is there anything I can do for you?
That's all I needed. Thanks for all your help.
OK great.  Have a good day.
Hi, I'd like to find some place to go in the east. What's good to visit?
There are several places would you like an entertainment attraction or a museum? 
Can't you suggest something please? I need the address, attraction type and postcode when you find it please.
How about Cambridge Artworks? It's a museum on the east side of town, and they have no entrance fee.
That sounds great. What's their address and postcode?
Their located at 5 greens road and postcode cb13ef. 
Thank you. Can you book a train for me? I'm leaving on Monday and I would like something that arrives by 12:15. 
Could you tell me where you are leaving from and want to arrive at?Thank you.
I'm leaving from kings lynn and going to cambridge.
I'm sorry there are no trains matching that description. Would you like me to search for something else?
Can you check again please for anything arriving before 12:15
Train TR0942 Leaves Kings Lynn at 09:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 9:58. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes please, thank you.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is  FKL4ZCP9. Is there anything I can help you with today?
Yes, how much is that train ride going to cost me, in both time and money?
It will take 47 minutes and cost 9.8 GBP
Ok, thank you very much. That is everything I need.
I'm glad to hear that, please enjoy your trip.
I would like to book a train to Cambridge.
We have plenty of options. Would you like to narrow it down by travel time?
Yes. I would like to depart from Cambridge and arrive in Norwich no later than 17:00 on Monday.
I have 11 trains that arrive in norwich on monday. TR9460 arrives in norwich at 16:55 and costs 17:60 pounds. Does that work for you?
Yes, please book that train for 4 people and give me the reference number.
Your reference number is EHHSIN9X, and the total is 70.4 GBP.  Can I help you with something else?
I would also like some recommendations for places to go in town.
There are many places to go in town. Is there anything more specific you would like?
I'd like something on the south side, please.
There are a couple parks, a cinema, a museum, a nightclub, and 2 entertainment venues, any of those sound ok?
The museum on the south side sounds good. Could I get an address for that?
You'll find the museum at 14 king's parade.
Okay thank you so much that is all I need.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, thank you.
You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge. 
Hello I would like some sort of entertainment in town. 
There are 5 entertainment attractions in town. Do you need to travel to a specific area of Cambridge?
Any area is fine, could you give me the address and entrance fee for a place you recommend?
I recommend the funky fun house it's located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. The entrance fee is not in my database. 
Thank you for that information. I'd also like to dine at a moderately priced restaurant that serves Lebanese food please.
I have one listing for ali baba. Would you like to make a booking?
not now. is it in the centre?
yes, it is in the centre.
Can I have the postcode and address please?
The postcode is cb21nt and the address is 59 Hills Road City Centre. 
Thank you for the info that was all I needed. 
Thank you for using our system today!
Can you help me? I was in a car accident dispute.
The Parkside Police Station's phone number is 01223358966
What is the address and postcode, please?
The address is Parkside and the postcode is CB11JG. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you. You have helped tremendously. 
you are welcome
I need a place to eat in the centre of town.
There are a lot of restaurants to choose from in the centre, what type of food do you want to eat?
Can you please search for  indian food.
I have many choices in the city center. Are you looking for something expensive or cheap?
I want something expensive.
How about Curry Garden on Regent Street?
That would be fine. I would like reservations on wednesday for 3 people at 18:15. 
The curry garden will be expecting your party on Wednesday at 18:15. Your reference is 925W0ZE2. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes. I also need a 4 star hotel.
There are 21 4 star options. Do you need internet or parking?
Parking doesn't matter, but I want it to be in the same area as the restaurant. 
There are two 4 star choices in the centre.   A cheap guesthouse as well as an expensive hotel. Would you like to book one today? 
I'll like a hotel with free internet
I have two results for you. Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel
Either will do - which place do you think is better?
I would recommend University arms hotel. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Does it have free parking? Also I need to know if they have free internet. The address and the type of hotel it is, got it?
It does have free parking. It is a hotel. The address is regent street, post code cb21ad. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 3 people.
when will you be arriving and how many rooms? 
I actually don't need a booking at this time. I have everything I need. Thank you, goodbye!
Glad to be of help. Have a nice day.
Hi, I need a hotel that includes free wifi in the north of Cambridge.
Yes I have many listings for that type of hotel,if you tell me your price range I can narrow down your options.
Hotel doesn't need to have free parking. I don't care about price range.
The avalon is a moderately priced guesthouse-type that matches your criteria.
What is the postcode, price range, and address?
The postcode for the Avalon is cb43pd, it is moderately priced hotel, and it is located at 62 gilbert road.
Thank you so much. I am also looking for information on a place to dine in the same area of the hotel. I would prefer international food.
Unfortunately there are no matching restaurants in the North. Would you like to try a different type of cuisine, or a different area?
Maybe... are you sure there is no cheap international food in the north?
No I am sorry there are no locations I have found. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Since there is no cheap international restaurants, is there any Italian restaurants?
There is one, Da Vinci Pizzeria, would you like to book that?
Hold off on booking. Could you give me the address and phone number for it?
Sure, da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton postcode cb41jy, phone 01223351707.  Can I help you with anything else?
No that should be all thank you
Thank you, goodbye.
Hello.  I'm trying to find an inexpensive restaurant that serves Moroccan food.  Can you help me?
There are no restaurants that match your request. Would you like to search for another food type or price range?
How about vietnamese food?
Thanh binh is in the cheap price range and serves Vietnamese food.
could i have the phone number please?
The phone number is 01223 362456.
Thank you, goodbye.
My pleasure.  Goodbye.
I need a train from  london liverpool street to cambridge.
There are many trains. What day and what time?
I would like to leave on Friday after 21:45 please. 
Train TR6769 fits what you're looking for. Would you like me to book you passage?
No, I just need to know the travel time of the train at the moment.
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I am looking for information in Cambridge.
You really should be including something to search for instead of a general statement, what do you want me to search for?
Wow, you are snippy for an Info centre! Perhaps a museum.
I apologize for my early snappiness.  I'd be happy to find a museum for you to visit while your here.  Is there a particular area of town you'd like?
No, I'd just like to visit a museum, could you recommend one to me?
I highly recommend the Lynne Strover Gallery in the west. They have free admission. They are located at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton. 
Thanks! I also need a train to Peterborough on Saturday, please. I need to leave after 18:00.
can i book it for you?
Please, I'll need 3 tickets.
Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
TR5194 arrives in peterborough at 17:56. Is that cutting it too close or would you like to book that one?
No, I need to leave Cambridge after 18:00.
I've booked 3 tickets on the TR2569 departing at 18:34.  The total is 39.59 GBP, payable at the station.  Reference# 6DX0OQTC.  Can I help with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge have a lovely day
Where is a 4 star hotel located in North Cambridge?
I have several options, almost all of which are moderate guesthouses. I do have one cheap one, too. Would you like to book a room?
Sure , that could be nice
OK, how many are in your party, what day will you arrive, and how many nights will you be staying?
I actually don't need reservations I just need the phone number, price range. 
As I mentioned it is cherap and the phone number is 01223316074.
Okay. now could you help me find a restaurant in the expensive price range that is in the same area as the hotel?
Sure thing what kind of food do you want?
Before we do that, what is the name of the guesthouse? And also, do they have free parking?
The Worth house is in the cheap price range and they do offer parking.  Can I help with anything else?
Could you recommend an expensive restaurant in the same area?
There is saigon city that serves asian oriental food.  Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, book me a table for 2 people at 12:15 on monday.
I've booked it for you!  The reference is LQJWQD08.
Thank you so much. That's all I need. Good-bye.
Thank you for letting me help you today. 
I'm looking for a place that offers free parking to it's guests. Got any hotels that offer that?
Almost every hotel and guesthouse in Cambridge has free parking! What area and/or price range are you looking for?
I want to be in the centre.
Here are the two choices of hotels in the Centre area that meet your criteria: Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Do either of these interest you?
Do they have free wifi?
Yes actually they both do. Would yu like to book one of them?
Not yet.  Can I get the postcode for Gonville Hotel?
Sure!  The post code for the gonville hotel is cb11ly.  Let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.
I also need a restaurant near the hotel.
Do you have a price range in mind or type?
I would like it in the centre, moderate range in price. 
how about the yippee noodle bar?
That would be fine. Please make reservations for 1 on monday at 15:30.
I will do that for you now.
Thank you for helping me.
Your welcome. I am glad I could be of help.
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range that serves bistro type food. 
I apologize but I was not able to find a moderately priced bistro.  Would you be interested in a different type of restaurant?
How about one that serves british food then?
I have found a few British restaurants in  your price range. Do you want a specific part of town?
No, could you recommend me a place? I'm looking for to book a table for 2 on Thursday at 11:30. 
Okay, I've booked you at the Oak Bistro with reference number ANAMHNOW. May I help with anything else?
No thank you. It's perfect. Thank you for your help.
Have a great day
I am looking for places to go in the centre.
Please tell me the types of places you are looking for.
I'm looking for attractions, can you suggest something interesting?. I also need the phone number and entrance fee.
If you can't tell me what type of attractions you're looking for, I will pick the first option on the list: All Saint's Church in the centre, admission is free. 
That's some recommendation. Can you at least tell me the phone number too, like I asked?
01223452587 is the phone number. May i assist you with anything else ?
Yes i'm also looking for a train for Friday. 
Sure! I'll need your departure site and destination please? 
I will be departing from london liverpool street and need to go to cambridge. I need to leave after 20:30.
TR8373 leaves at 21:39 on Friday. The price is 16.60 pounds. Will that work for you?
Perfect, yes. I'll need 7 tickets.
Great! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I just need a reference number please.
Booked,  the total fee is 116.2 GBP payable at the station . Reference number: TCIY3MAO.
Great.  Thanks for all the help!
Have a great day!
i need a train to bishops stortford that leaves after 16:30, please.
Where will you be travelling to?
I already told you.
Where will you be departing from and what day do you wish to travel?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, and depart from Cambridge.  
The TR2153 departs Cambridge for Bishops Stortford on Tuesday at 17:29, would  you like to book a seat on this train?
Yeah. I need to book for 7 people. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.7 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : C2KPV8JC.
I also need a place to stay, I'd like possibly a guesthouse with free wifi.
Ok i will find you one as soon as possible and inform you thanks a lot
Hi, I am planning a trip and need some help with a particular attraction.
Ok.  What type of attraction are you interested in?
I believe the name is Clare Hall, do you have the address and phone number?
Clare hall is located on herschel road and their phone number is 01223332360
That's it, thank you. I'm also looking for info on trains that leave Bishops Stortford on Thursday. 
I have ten trains that match that description. Where will you be travelling to?
I'll be traveling to Cambridge and would prefer to leave after 08:45
Train TR0798 leaves Bishop Stortford at 9:29 and arrives in Cambridge at 10:07. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I can do that after I discuss it with my boss.  Thanks for your help with everything today.  Goodbye.
Glad I could help!
I'm interested in finding a train to peterborough on Wednesday please
I can help!  What time are you looking to depart?
on wednesday by 8 15 please
Ok, I've got train TR3730 that leaves at 07:06 and would put you in Peterborough by 07:56. Would that work for you?
Yes that will work great can you book me 2 tickets? 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 33 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : J7JWEILX.
Great, I'm also looking for a swimming pool in the north. Can you find me one? 
There are 2 to choose from - Jesus Green Outdoor Pool and Kings Hedges Learner Pool. Which would you prefer?
Either is fine, I just need the postcode.
The postcode is cb43px.  Anything else. 
No that takes care of all my needs for now. Thanks! Bye!
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat that serves British food, are there any in town?
There are 6 restaurants that meet that criteria. Do you have a preferred area?
No, but I need to book a table for 4 people at 14:30 on monday.
I have confirmed your reservation at the cambridge chop house for Monday at 14:30.  Your reference number is VA1DPB9K. Do you need any further assistance?
Where are some places to go on the east side of town?
We have 10 listings for the east area. What type of attraction are you interested in?
Actually, I would like you to make a recommendation for me.
I've heard the Camboats are fun, as well as the Funky Fun House.  Do either of those interest you?
What's the attraction type? I need a taxi to commute to the restaurant by my reserved time from the attraction, and will need the contact number and car type.
The Camboats are boats, while the Funky Fun House is entertainment.
Okay, I think I'd like to do the Caamboats. 
Alright, I have a taxi booked to take you from Camboats to the Chop House. It will be a grey BMW, the contact number is 07699651220. 
Okay, I think that's all I need. Thanks for the help!
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I would like to find a hospital in town.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at hills road, post code CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151
Great. Thank you. That's all I need.
Great.  Glad I could help.
Are there any hotel rooms left?
the list is so broad. can you specify the price range?
I'm looking for a 4 star  guesthouse with free parking and wifi- anything in that range?
There are 16 hotels that match that description. Do you have a preference for location or price range?
i want it to be a guesthouse specifically.
Yes, we have 16 guesthouses that meet your needs. If area and price don't matter, I recommend the Acorn Guest House in the north.
Great!  Can you give me their phone number, area and address, please?
sure, it is in the north. The address is 154 chesterton road and their phone number is 01223353888.
i am also looking for a particular attraction.
I can help you with that! What is the name of the attraction you are looking for?
I'm looking for Clare College. I'd like to get the postcode, please.
Sure! The postcode is CB21TL.
Last thing I need is a taxi from Clare College to the hotel, and I need to leave by 16:30.
I have booked that taxi and your contact number is 0707064481 please look for a black ford. 
thanks so much you have been very helpful!
welcome amd i am happy i helped you. have a good day
I need a taxi to go to cambridge punter.
I can help you with that, where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from addenbrookes hospital. 
What time would you like to leave addenbrookes hospital?
I want to leave the hospital after 08:15, please.
Your taxi is booked. Look for a blue Toyota.
What is the contact number for the blue Toyota?
The contact number is 07738411271. Is there anything else we can help you with?
No that was all, thank you!
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Can you tell me where the Addenbrookes Hospital is?
Yes, it's on Hills Rd.  Anything else?
Can I also get the postcode and phone number?
Yes, the telephone number is 01223245151, and the postcode is CB20QQ.
What is the exact address?
The address is Hills Road, Cambridge. 
Great. Thank you very much for your help today. Goodbye
hope you found what you are looking for.
Hi there, I am am trying to find out more information about the Parkside Police Station.  
Hello, the phone number is 01223358966. Address Parkside, Cambridge, postcode, CB11JG. Would you like help with anything else?
No, that's everything I need, thank you!
Glad I could be of assistance! If you need anything else, let me know.
Is there a good place to eat near the police station?
Could you specify north, south, east, west, or centre of town?
Never mind. I think I'm all set. Thank you.
All right. If there's anything else you need help with, please contact us again. Have a great day.
You want to book a taxi. The taxi should arrive by 17:30 and should go to la mimosa.
Ok. And where will the taxi be picking you up from? 
I will be departing from nusha. 
A black audi is booked for you, with contact number 07400946146
Thanks so much! That's it for today. Have a good one!
Thanks you and have a great day!
Hello, I need a taxi to pick me up at chiquito restaurant bar.
When would you like the taxi to pick you up?
Could I get the taxi by 22:30
What is your final destination?
I would like to go to queens' college and I want to leave the restaurant after 22:30. 
Great - I have a white Audi picking you up at Chiquito at 22:30 and heading to Queens' College. The contact number is 07937348458. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need.  Thanks.
Alright.  Glad we could help!
I'm all set.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
Goodbye. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre.
Can you help me find a train going to leicester that arrives by 15:15?
Sure! What day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Thursday.
Do you have a preference in departure time?
I would like to catch an early train. What time does the first train depart?
The first train departs at 5:21, but if you want to arrive at 15:15, the best train to take would be the TR1160 which will get there at 15:06.
Okay how much is it per ticket?
It will be 37.80 pounds per ticket.  Would you like me to book you seats?
Yes book one day
Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP payable at the station . Your reference number is 6SXPQRZJ. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can you help me find a place to go to in town?
Yes, what sort of place would you like to go to?
I'd really like to visit a museum.
Do you have a preferred area?
no, please surprise me.
I have the Cambridge Museum of Technology located in the east side of town. It's at the site of the Old Pumping Station on Cheddar's lane. Would you like more information?
Yes please! Could you kindly provide me with the phone number, post code, and the entrance fee I'd have to pay?
the phone number is 01223368650, postcode cb58ld and entrance fee is 5 pounds
Thank you. That is all I need at this time. Goodbye.
I am glad to help. Enjoy your stay !
I need a place to eat in the cheap price range.
I see there are 110 restaurants in the cheap price range for you. Is there a certain type of food you are wanting?
Let's see what's near the east area, first. 
The Missing Sock is a fantastic international restaurant located in East in your price range.  Would you like further information?
Can you book me a table for five people on Monday at six fourty five?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. 
Can I please have the reference number?
Your reference number is S31VX69C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I am looking to visit Ely on Monday and needing to book a train seat to get there.  
Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
I am looking for somwhere to go in the centre. 
Are you looking for an attraction or a restaurant?
I'm looking for multiple sports in the centre please.
Unfortunately, I don't have any listings for centre.  How about in the east area?
Do you have any type of museums in the centre? If you do, I need the phone number, too.
I have about 11 different museums. Might I suggest the Primavera. It has a large variety of excellent exhibits. They also offer free admission. 
Sounds great! Could I get the phone number?
Absolutely!  The phone number for Primavera is 01223357708.  Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train to arrive in Cambridge by 13:00.
OK, where from? And what day are you traveling?
I need the train for 8 people leaving from Peterborough and arriving in Cambridge before 13:00.  Once you have the booking, can you send me the reference number?
On what day did you need the train?
I would need the train on Friday.
There is a train that leaves at 05:19. The ID is TR1662. Would you like me to book at ticket for you?
Yes, for 8 people. I will need a reference number, thanks! 
I got 8 tickets for you the reference number is TJTTPUV3. 132 GBP is the total and can be paid at the station when you get there. Anything else?
I think that will be all for today. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
I want a train that departs from bishops stortford on Thursday.
I can find that train for you. What time would you like to depart?
I don't care when I depart as long as I make it to Cambridge by 20:45.
I have eight trains matching your preferences.  Would you like me to book TR0060 that arrives at 20:07?
Yes please, book it for 2 people and provide me with the reference number if you don't mind.
Your all ready to go! Reference number is Mh4TQ7KB. Anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, can you provide some information about Gonville and Caius College?
Of course, so this college is located on trinity street in the centre. Anything else you needed to know about this place?
The attraction type is college? I think that's all the information that I needed, thanks.
I have found gonville and college. It is free to get in.
Thanks, that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.
Thank you, Goodbye.
Are there any expensive hotels around?
Yes, there are 5 such hotels. Do you have a location preference? 
I do not have a location preference.
I have the gonville hotel located in teh centre of town. It has a 3 star rating. Would you like reservations?
I would like an expensive hotel with a star of 4. It should also have free parking and free wifi. 
I have 2 hotels. The Huntingdon Marriott and University Arms. Both are 4 star rated. Huntingdon is in the west, and University Arms is in the centre.
Lets book the University Arms please
Sure thing, what nights will you be staying?
3 nights starting on tuesday
I can help with that. How many people will be staying?
There will be 4 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 5INDNYF8. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I also need to find a place to go located in the west. 
We have a bunch of stuff out that way.  What type are you looking for?
Any attraction is fine, thanks! I just need the address of whatever place you choose.
How about Whale of a Time? It's an entertainment attraction in the west. The address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill. 
Sounds great, I also need a taxi to leave the hotel for the attraction by 19:45. 
I have your taxi reserved, look for a white audi, the contact number is 07504427324, any further questions today?
That was all I needed today, thanks.  Goodbye.
It was nice talking to you!  Thank you for calling!  Good Bye!
I am coming to cambridge and would like some type of entertainment while visiting.
Personally, I enjoy the Funky Fun House, it is located in the east area at 8 Mercers Row, Mercers Row Industrial Estate. Will you be needing any further information?
That sounds great, but come to think of it I should try something close to our hotel in the centre. Anything there? 
I'm sorry, there's no entertainment in the centre. 
Could I have the address and phone number of the Funky Fun House and is this a nightclub?
Funky's address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the phone number is 01223304705.  It isn't a nightclub.
Can you find me some information on alexander bed and breakfast?
Alexander is a cheap guesthouse in the centre with four stars and free internet and parking. Does this suit your needs?
Yes that is perfect can you book that?
Definitely. What day are you coming in?
I am coming in on Friday. I want to stay for 3 nights with 8 people.
I've booked a room for 8 people beginning on Friday and lasting three nights. Your reference number is EZF4SMWV. Can I help you find anything else in Cambridge?
Thanks so much. Have a great day. Goodbye
Goodbye. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I need to book a taxi from kirkwood house.
I have booked you a taxi. The contact number is 07866666313. Can I do anything else for you today?
What type of car is it going to be? 
The car arriving will be a white BMW.
I forgot something. I need to arrive by 21:00.
What will your destination be?
I'm going to efes restaurant.
Is there anything else you need to know?
I'm looking for a train leaving stansted airport on tuesday.
What is your destination and what time would you like to depart from stansted airport?
I am going to Cambridge and i plan to depart from stansted airport and i need a train schedule from stansted airport that will get to Cambridge by 13:30 Tuesday.
OK, the TR4117 arrives at 12:52. Would you like to book that train?
Not yet but I do need a price and travel time. 
TR4117 is 10.10 pounds per ticket and the duration of the trip is 28 minutes.  You would leave at 12:24 and arrive in Cambridge at 12:52. 
Thank you!  I'm also looking for a hotel named the Allenbell.  Can you help me with that? 
The allenbell is a guesthouse located in the east. It is a cheap 4 star hotel with free parking and internet. 
Thanks so much, Can you book it for 1 person for 4 nights starting from the same day?
I have made your reservation for Tuesday, with reference #OV9QI79D. Can I help you with anything else?
No. That is all. Thanks.
Thanks for using the help desk!
I'll be flying into Stansted Airport and need to find a train to Cambridge. Can you help me?
Yes, I can.  Do you have a day and time in mind?
After 13:30 on Tuesday, please. 
I have a train leaving Stansted Airport on Friday at 14:24.  Is this an option you would like?
yes, can you please make a booking for just me?
I have booked you on Train TR2819 for 10.10 pounds.  Your reference number is 6OWFNCJK.
I am also looking for an expensive indian restaurant.
Sure.  We have a few options I think you would like.  First, do you have a preference on the area?
Yes. I am looking for west.
I have 5 terrific Indian expensive restaurants.  Would you like me to book one for you or would you like the list of names?
Yes can we book one of those restaurants for 1 at 16:45?
To clarify you wanted me to book a table on Friday?
I am sorry. My train was supposed to be for tuesday as well as my restaurant  reservation. 
Alright, let me change your reservations around. I have booked the TR0135 train leaving at 14:24 on Tuesday from Stansted Airport for you, with a reference number of WH24DHNG. 
Perfect. Then I'd like to reserve an expensive Indian restaurant for myself on Tuesday, as well.
Your reservation is set. The reference number is ADW35I6E. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for helping me with my trip. I will contact you again if I need anything else. Good bye.
It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful evening. Goodbye. 
Hi, is there a restaurant in town called the rice boat?
Yes there is. rice boat is an indian restaurant in the west. Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please! I'd like a table on Sunday for 5 people at 20:00.
I'm sorry, but that time is unavailable. Is there another time you would like?
Could you try booking for 19:00 instead?
Booking was successful for 19:00. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : BL1DL1ZO.  Can I do anything else for you?
That is all! Thank you for your help! 
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
I am looking for a attraction in the east of town. 
Sure, I can help you with that.  There are plenty of attracts to the east.  Is there a specific type of attraction you are interested in? 
I'm not sure right now. What are the entrance fees like?
There is cambridge artworks. The entry is also free.
I also need a train on Sunday. 
What is your destination?
I am going to bishops stortford from cambridge.
At what time will you be traveling? There are 10 different trains on that day.
I'd like to arrive in bishops stortford by 15:00.
I have the TR2402 which you will arrive at 14:07. How many tickets please?
None today.  Can you just give me a price for that?
It will be 8.08 a ticket. 
OKay can you book that please?
Sure, how many tickets would you like?
I would like 3 tickets please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : NLGC8ADU. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you . That is all.
Okay, I hope you have a wonderful time in cambridge. Bye!
I'm looking for a local restaurant to try in Cambridge.
There are many! Is there a certain style of cuisine you are looking for, or a specific price range?
I think I can find a restaurant on my own, but can you tell me if there are any museums?
I have found 23 differnt museums in town. What part of town are you wanting to travel to?
I have no preference. Can you please provide me with the address, postcode, and area on one?
The Fitzwilliam Museum, in the centre, has free admission. Trumpington St, cb21rb. 
Yes, that sounds lovely. Thank you.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, on second thought I would like help finding a restaurant. What do you know about north american cuisine restaurants?
There is one expensive North American restaurant in the centre of town. It is called the Gourmet Burger Kitchen.
Excellent. What's the address and area there?
gourmet burger kitchen, in the centre is located at Regent Street City Centre
I need to book a taxi to commute between the museum and the restaurant, leaving the museum by 14:30.
Ok great.  Your taxi booking has been completed.  The care type will be a white tesla.  Would you like the contact number?
Yes, please. That would be great.
The number is 07555434856, is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that should be good, thank you.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
I'm needing a place to dine. It needs to be an expensive Brazilian place. 
Unfortunately, I don't happen to show any restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like me to try looking for a different price range or cuisine type?
British food, then.
We have six. Do you have an area preference? Graffiti, on the west side, is popular.
All right, I'll try that. I need a reservation for a party of 5 at 11:00 on Thursday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : P15GVV9V. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that was all I needed, thanks so much, goodbye!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm coming into town and want to try local restaurants and am looking for a hotel called Bridge Guest House. Do you know where this place is at?
yes it is located in 151 hills road. anything else?
Yes I would like to book it for 6 people for 3 nights staring from Thursday and would like a reference number after doing so.
I have booked the hotel for you. The reference number is S770N2F9. What kinds of restaurants are you hoping to try?
I would like chinese food please?
I found several all over town. I can narrow the options down based on what part of town you prefer.
I would like to be in the centre
I have 10 restaurants available.  What price range would you prefer?
A cheap place please.
how about charlie chan? sounds lovely.
that sounds good to me. i want you to book it for me
Okay. I need to know the day, time, and number of people you would like to book a reservation for?
I need the reservation for 6 people at 14:00 please. 
What day would you like the restaurant for please?
book at table for 6 at 14:00 on thursday, please.
I have made your reservation for 6 people at 14:00 on Thursday for Charlie Chan. Your reference number is 3QUDNYHJ. Is there anything else I may assist you with?
Yes I need a taxi leaving the hotel for the restaurant a little before 14:00. 
Okay. I've booked a taxi for you. It'll be a yellow lexus and the contact number is 07801886354
Thank you. That is all I need.
Thanks for letting us assist you! Enjoy your visit!
I would like to visit some parks while I  am in town. Can you please suggest me some to visit?
Sure, is there a certain part of town you'd like to be on?
I would like to find a park anywhere. I need the fees , postcode, and phone number.
Which side of town would you like to be on?
I am not particular. but I also need information on a restaurant called the Gardenia.
I have the wandlebury country park on the south side of town. It is free, the phone number is 01223243830 and post code is cb223ae.
Thank you, can you also look up The Gardenia for me? It is a restaurant I have wanted to try.
The Gardenia is a Mediterranean restaurant at the centre of town. The park I gave you the information for is not in the same part of town. 
That's okay. Could you book a table for me there for two people. I'd like it to be on Sunday at 15:45.
I have your booking for 2 people, sunday at 15:45.  Your reference number is 0NG9XLAQ.
Thank you. I also need a taxi to pick me up from the Wandlebury Country Park to make it to my reservation.
Where will the taxi be picking you up from?
The taxi will be picking me up from the Wandlebury Country Park and I need to be at the restaurant by the time of my booking. 
Okay the taxi has been reserved and will be a white honda. The phone number is 07229832090. 
thanks so much sorry I have been such a pain. YOU need a raise!
No problem at all happy to assist.
i really have got to go. its late. thanks for your help. goodbye. 
You're welcome!  Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a moderately priced resturant in the centre of town.
I found 21 restaurants available, do you have a type of food you would prefer?
I would like lebanese food.
How does Ali Baba? I recommend it. Would you like for me to book a table?
Yes, I want to book a table for 3 people at 20:00 on thursday.
Great, I have booked your table for ali baba thursday at 20:00 for 3. Your reference number is 5LY9WSF1. May I help with anything else?
No, I think that's all I need. Thank you!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo service, and have a wonderful day!
I would like to find a restaurant in any area and it should serve lebanese food.
There is a Lebanese restaurant in the centre of town called Ali Baba. Would you like their address?
Could you give me just the phone number and postcode please?
Sure, the phone number is 01462 432565 and the postcode is CB21NT. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, thank you.  Goodbye.
You are welcome. Is there anything else we can help you with today?
No, thank you. Goodbye
You're welcome. Goodbye.
I am looking for a restaurant named The lucky star in Cambridge.
This is a chinese restaurant. It is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. 
Can you book a table for me? Just for 1 on Saturday at 12:45.
I have your table booked. The reference number is OPJJX9XA. 
Great. I'll also need a train to get me there from London King's Cross station.
The TR7309 leaves at 11:17 and arrives at 12:08, would that be one you'd like to book?
As long it arrives by 08:45 going to cambridge I should be good yes ticket for 1 please.
Reference number is : AB2FX8KZ. the total fee is 18.88 GBP payable at the station 
That is wonderful.  I believe that should be all I need!  Thank you. 
You're very welcome, have a wonderful time! Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to dine in the centre of town
We have several options.  What price range would suit your needs?
It doesn't matter.  We want to eat indian food.
Well I have the Curry Garden in the expensive price range.
Please provide me with the address and telephone number.
Yes, the address is 106 Regent Street in the City Centre. Their phone number is 01223302330. Can I help with something else?
Could you also book it for me? 3 people, 14:30 on Sunday. 
I have your table booked for Sunday afternoon.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is 28O595TK. Can I help you with anything else?
no thank you that is all
The prompt before this call came through said that you needed two things, do you need anything regarding a hotel, transport or attractions?  
Sorry, I do need to find a guesthouse as well. Something moderately priced, perhaps 3 stars?
The alpha-milton guest house will fit your needs.  Would you like me to be book a room there?
No thank you, I just need the address, phone number and area.
the alpha-milton is located in the north. their address is 63 milton road and the postcode is cb41xa. 
May I also have the telephone number for the alpha-milton, please?
Sure, the number for Alpha-Milton Guest House is 01223311625. Can I help with anything else? 
i also want a taxi to help commute between the two places
Where would you like the taxi to pick you up?
it should pick me at the restaurant at the booked time
Are you sure that you don't want to get to the restaurant for your booked time?
I do need the taxi to get to Curry Garden by the booked time of 14:30. I'm a little scatter brained today.  Thank you for clarifying.
Great! I have booked you a taxi, which will pick you up from the hotel. It will be a yellow Tesla and the contact number is 07140486418. Anything else today?
nope, that's all thanks so much!
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes,that  is it for today. Thanks again.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
Hi I need a cheap hotel in the three star range, please. 
There are no results in this area, but I could try and find something close to that if you'd like?
Ok.  I would like it to be a hotel and have free wifi please.
The Cambridge Belfry is a 4 star hotel and has both free wifi and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
I am really looking for a hotel that is expensive. Does the Cambridge Belfry fit that description?
No.  The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel.
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use your help finding a place to stay when I arrive.
Would you like to stay in a specific area?
I don't care where, but i want a 5 star rating.
There are no five star hotels in the area, but we do have several four star ones, would you like one of those?
Yes I would like one of those. 
Sure! How about a and b guest house? It is located at 124 tenison road.
That sounds good.  Do they have free wifi? Also, can you provide me with their address please?
Yes they have free internet and the address is 124 tenison road.
Thank you can you book that for me?
I'd be happy to book that for you. Can you tell me what day you want to begin your stay? And how many guests and nights?
Actually I can book it. Can you tell me about parks to go to in the south?
I have two parks in that area. There is Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park and Wandlebury Country Park. Both offer free entrance. 
Can I get the post code for Lammas Land Park?
They are at cb223ae, can I assist with anything else?
That will be all. Thank you for all your help.
You are very welcome. Good-bye.
Hi, I am searching for a nice Thai restaurant in Cambridge Centre
The only Thai restaurant located in Centre Cambridge is Bangkok City. Would you like the address?
Yes please. Get me their phone number and postcode too.
Bangkok City's address is 24 Green Street City Centre, postcode cb23jx, phone number 01223354382. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I need to book a train for tuesday.
There are many trains that run on Tuesday, can you give me departure and arrival destinations to help narrow the search?
Yes. I would like to depart from Birmingham New Street and arrive in Cambridge by 14:45.
There are trains every hour at :40 after beginning at 5:40. What time would you like to leave?
I need to arrive by 14:45 any time is fine.
There is a train leaving birmingham new street at 11:40 and arriving in cambridge at 14:23. Does that work?
How much will the trip cost?
The price of that trip would be 75.10 pounds and the train id is TR9708. Would you like to book a ticket for that?
Not just yet. What was the travel time for that trip?
It's a long one - the total travel time on that train is 163 minutes. Did you need any further assistance today, perhaps a hotel or restaurant?
No, thank you.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
I need a taxi to pick me up after 21:25 at The Cambridge Belfry.
And where are you going?
The taxi should go to the gardenia.
Your taxi will pick you up at 21:30. It is a grey Honda.
I'll also need the contact number please.
The contact number is 07650376516.
Than you, I think that's all I need for now.
Thank you for using our services.
Can you give me the price for a large pizza and what type of pizzas they offer at Pizza Express fen ditton please
Would you like to book a reservation at Pizza Express?
What is the price range of Pizza Express?
Pizza Express Fen Ditton is in the moderate price range.
What is the food type at Pizza Express?
It is italian food.
Okay, thank you.
Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thank you!
Alright. let me know if there is anything else I can help you with.
need a place to eat european food, expensive too.
We have several options that would meet your criteria, is there a specific area you are looking for?
Yes, the centre of town please.
Okay, I'd recommend eraina. It's a fantastic place at Free School Lane City Centre. Would you like to try it?
Yes book it for 6 people at 19:45 on friday.
Your Reference number is : QVCSAJFU. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Excellent. I'm also interested in the train schedule. Are there any that leave Cambridge in the morning and arrive at their destination by 8:15?
I have severail trains departing from Cambridge. Where would the destination be?
I am going to bishops storford
I would recommend the TR3847 train that leaves at 05:29. Would that work/
What's the price and travel time?
It costs 10.10 pounds and the travel time is 38 minutes. Should I book it for you?
That would great , and please get me the train ID, price, and travel time
The train id is TR3847, the price is 10.10 pounds, it leaves at 05:29 and arrives by 06:07, would you like me to book this for you?
No, I don't need a reservation at this time. Thank you, you've given me all the help I need today.
You're quite welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip. Bye!
Great. You can help me pick out a restaurant go to.
Yes, there are many great restaurants to chose from, what kind of food would you like? Do you have a price range?
I would like to eat Italian food. I'm looking for something in the moderate price range please. 
There are five moderate priced Italian restaurants is there any area you prefer to eat in?
No, any area would work, is there one that is available at 13:15 on thursday? I need a reservation for two people.
I've reserved you a table for 2 at one of my faves: Prezzo. Reference number OOAMXI99. Can I help with something else?
I also want to find a multiple sports place in the east area. 
The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is the spot you're looking for. They're on Colville Road. Can I help you with any other info?
Yes, I would like the phone number adderss and entrance fee.
I don't have any information on the entrance fee, but the phone number is 01223576412 and it is on Colville Road, Cherry Hinton.
Are you certain the entrance fee isn't listed?
Yes I am certain, I am sorry.  Is there anything else you needed to know?
If you're certain then I guess not. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you locate the nearest police station?
Sure, it is in Parkside, Cambridge.
Can I have the pone number and address, please?
The police station phone number is 01223358966 and it is located at Parkside, Cambridge.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Your Welcome. Goodbye.
Please give me some information on byard art
It is a museum in south with free admission.  What else can I help you with?
Can you give me the postcode and phone number?
Sure thing 01223464646 and cb21sj.
Thanks so much. I am also looking for a train to Cambridge.
Could you please tell me where you will be leaving from and day of travel
I will be leaving from stansed airport on tuesday. 
I have a lot of options for you, was there a specific time you wanted to leave the Stansted Airport?
Yes, it should leave on Tuesday and arrive by 14:00.
I have a train that arrives at 13:53. Would you like a booking?
Yes, I'll need 8 tickets.
your all set, confirmation #4WAQDQ0Y. Anything else?
I don't need anything else.
Have a great time and enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
I was hoping to see local places while in cambridge. Some entertainment would be great.
i got 5 options. which side is okay for you?
It doesn't matter.  Can I have the address of a good one?
How about funky fun house, they are located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate.
Could i also get the phone number and postcode?
Sure. The phone number is 01223304705, and the postcode is cb58hy. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a restuarant. I want something on the south side. Expensive.
Trer are many. What kind of food would you like ?
Indian food is my favorite! What's the address for the best one?
Unfortunately, there aren't any Indian restaurants in the south side of town, would you like me to look in other areas?
Could you check one more time? Restaurant in the south part of town, expensive, that serves Indian food?
I'm sorry there doesn't seem to be any expensive Indian restaurants to the south.
Can you check again for a 3rd time? I really want to eat Indian food. 
Please stop asking to check for the same thing. I have said there is none in the south try a different area.
Do you have any Indian restaurants in the south in a different price range?
Hi this is the supervisor. I apologize for the attitude of our staff. We do have taj tandoori, and expensive Indian restaurant in the South. Would you like me to book?
Thank you. May I have the address?
The address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton. Can i help you with anything else today?
That's all I need, thanks so much for all of your help! Have a great day!
you are welcome 
Also, thanks for the apology. I don't need anything else at this time.
Have a great day. good bye.
I'm looking for a British restaurant on the west side.
There are 3 restaurants that meet your criteria. Is there a particular price range you are wanting to stick with? There are two expensive ones and one moderate priced one.
Could you recommend one of the expensive ones?
Graffiti is on the west side of town, serves a wonderful British menu and falls in the expensive price range. Would you like to reserve a table?
Yes. I need a booking for thursday at 17:00 for 8 people.
Booking was successful. Can I get you anything else, then?
Yes I need the reference number please.
The reference number is ZF7XHMYX.
Excellent. That is everything!
Great. Have a great day!
I'm looking for vietnamese food. I would like the restaurant name and address. 
There is a Vietnamese restaurant called Thanh Binh at 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye.
Morning!  I need a train departing from kings lynn.
There are trains from Kings Lynn every hour from 5:11. Did you have a particular day and time of day in mind?
Yes, my train should leave on tuesday and should leave after 11:00.
How about the TR8331 Train? It departs at 11:11 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:58.
Sounds good. Could you tell me how much it costs for a ticket, and how long of a trip that will be?
Yes, the ticket costs 9.80 pounds and the ride is 47 minutes long.  Can I be of any other help to you today?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay in the south with free wifi. What options are there for that?
There is 1 expensive hotel and 3 guesthouses ranging from cheap to moderate. Which do you prefer?
Does the hotel have free parking?
The hotel does have free parking! It's called the lensfield hotel and has 3 stars.
Could you tell me the postcode of this hotel?
Absolutely. Their postcode is cb21en. Would you like to make a reservation? 
Not quite yet, but can you tell me the price range of the Lensfield, please?
The lensfield hotel is in the expensive price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Note yet.  Can you tell me more about the hotel?
The Lensfield Hotel is in the south. It's a 3 star, expensive hotel, with free wifi and parking. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, that should be all I need.  Thank you!  Goodbye.
I hope you enjoy your stay.  Have a good day.
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving on saturday?
What city will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from Ely. 
What time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after 15:30.
what about train TR8176 that leaves at 15:35?
That sounds perfect. Can you also help me to find a 2 star hotel?
There are three 2-star hotels; two are moderately priced and one is expensive.  Do you have a price preference?
I would like it to be in the moderate range in price.
I have ashley hotel and lovell lodge. Both in the north with internet and parking. Do you have a preference?
I would prefer Ashley hotel.
Sure, would you like me to book it?
Yes please book it for 8 people for 5 nights
Booking was successful and the reference number is 9H9Z3QNC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I needed.
I am glad I could help you with your trip. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Can you assist me with finding a moderately priced restaurant?
Certainly. We have 31 moderately priced restaurants. Is there any particular cuisine you would prefer?
I'm looking for a place near the center of town that serves european food.
How about the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?  Would you like to book a table for this restaurant?
Yes, that would work. Could you make it for Sunday at 16:30 for 1.
That booking was unsuccessful, I'm sorry.  Is there another day or time that would work?
How about 15:30?
They do indeed have a table at that time. Your reference number is 0WBNIZLJ.
Thank you. Is there a museum in the same area as the restaurant that I could go to?
There are 11, I would recommend broughton house gallery because it has free admission.
Alright, that sounds good to me. Could you give me their address and phone number please?
Sure, their address is 98 King Street, and the phone number is 01223314960.
Thank you. that is all the information I'l be needing today!
Have a wonderful time!
I'm looking for a hotel called city centre north b and b
May I help set a booking for you?
Does the hotel have free parking?
They offer parking but I am unsure if it is free, but their phone number is 01223312843 if you'd like to call and check with them.
Hmm. Okay. Could you help me find a train? I need to leave on Sunday.
And when would you like to leave by?
I want to leave on Sunday and arrive by 14:00.
Where are you traveling from and to?
I am traveling to cambridge  from broxbourne.
TR2939 will leave at 12:01 and arrive at 13:01. Would you like to book this train?
looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the moderate price range and should be in the centre.
I have many excellent options available. Do you have a cuisine preference, I should I recommend one?
No, I don't have a cuisine preference. I just need to book for 5 people at 19:30 on tuesday.
Great, I booked you at the Yippee Noodle Bar and your reference number is NE9Y6864.
That sounds great, thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. I appreciate your using the TownInfo centre. Goodbye. 
I need a hotel or guest house in Cambridge please.
Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
I need a cheap hotel in the North side that has free parking and internet if available but not necessary.
I have no listings,can i check in another area?
What about one with free wifi?
Actually, since you said you did not mind a guesthouse earlier, I have something.  Worth House fits your criteria.  
Great.  Can I book that for three nights starting Monday for three people.  
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KPZGSMAA. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Great. That is all that I need today. Thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Can you let me know what expensive restaurants are available in the south side?
I am showing 5 that meet that criteria. Chinese, italian or mexican food. Would you like one of those? 
How about the Chinese? Can I have the address with the postcode, and the phone number?
How about peking restaurant, located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre cb28nx. Number is 01223354755.
Sounds perfect! I also want to find a 3-star hotel in the same area.
The Lensfield Hotel should meet your needs, it is an expensive hotel in the south. Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
Does it include free wifi?
Yes, it does include free wifi. Would you like to make a booking?
No need to book today. But, can you provide me with their phone number and address please?
Sure! Their address is 53-57 lensfield road and their phone number is 01223355017.
Thank you for the information.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for a place to eat on the East. I prefer a restaurant that serves British food
I see one option - Grafton Hotel Restaurant, an expensive restaurant. Would you like the address or to make a reservation?
Yes, please. For 15:45 on Thursday.
How many people will there be in your party?
Seven altogether. And I need to find a train leaving from cambridge too.
Your table is reserved, reference #TQSYLE3M. For the train, where will you be heading, and what day and time?
I need to get to the airport by 21:00 on Friday.
the TR1110 could get you there by 20:08. do you want tickets?
Yes I will like tickets for 2 please.
You are set, the reference number is G9D4VF1V, your total is 20.02, you will need to pay at the station, any other questions?
No, that would be all.
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre, we were happy to help you explore our city. Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find some Thai food to eat tonight?
What area of town would you prefer?
I don't care where, just as long as it's expensive!
Understood. You have a choice between Sala Thong and Bangkok City.
Sala Thong sounds good. Please make a booking for 2 at 11:45 on Monday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : RARTE3OH. is there anything else i can help you with?
yeah i need a train too
Where will you be leaving from?
I'll need to arrive by 11:00 and it should be going to london liverpool street. 
There are 21 trains available. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, day, or departure time?
Let's pick something arriving between 11:00 and 10:30. It needs to depart from cambridge and leave on tuesday. 
Train TR4259 arrives in London Liverpool Street at 9:27. It's the closest arrival time to 11:00. How many tickets would you like to book? 
I would like 2 tickets please. 
Your reservation for 2 on the TR4259 train was successful, the total fee is 33.2 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : FNRSFZWB 
Thank you so much. The restaurant and train are all I need for now. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Ok! Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay that has a 4 star rating in the east part of town.
I have 6 places that would fit your needs. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
A cheap one with wifi, please. 
I think allenbell would fit your needs. Would you like a reservation?
Yes a booking for 8 people for 3 nights starting on Tuesday.
Unfortunately there isn't any availability during that time. Would you like to book another day or shorten your stay?
No, I would need it to be for 3 days and 8 people, what hotel could accomidate me?
I am sorry there are no hotels available.  Would you like another type of lodging? 
Actually, could you shorten that to one night?
There is one hotel available, Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, however it is only 2 stars and in the expensive range.
Please, book the Holiday Inn Cambridge, and I need the reference number. Also, I am looking to book a train the same day from Birmingham new street  to Cambridge leaving after 18:30.
I apologize, the hotel booking was unsuccesful. Would you like to try another day?
Can you try the hotel with a 1 night stay on the same day?
You are in luck for 1 night at Allenbell.  The reference number is PYGL9EVW.  You would like a train?
Yes, I need a train from birmingham new street to cambridge.
On Friday there are a train leaving at 5:40 and the cost is 75.10 pounds. The trains depart every hour, so you can chose your time. The last train depart at 9:40.
I want it to leave after 18:30. 
Is there a time you need to arrive by?
No, but I would like to know the arrival time for the train fitting my criteria. 
TR8903 leaves Birmingham New Street at 18:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 21:23. It's a rather long trip.
Thank you for your assistance.
Is there anything else that I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you so much! Have a good day.
Great, we hope you have a great stay.
a north part of town restaurant
do you have a price range preference? We have several restaurants in the north part of town
I do not care about the price range but would like somewhere serving indian food. 
There is a fairly cheap Indian restaurant named Royal Spice in the north part of town.
What is the address and phone number?
Royal spice is located at victoria avenue chesterton and its phone number is 01223 360966. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Nope, that was all I needed.  Thank you.  Bye bye.
Thank you.
I'm looking for a place to stay on the south side of town that has free wifi. 
Sure, there are 4 places like that. Do you have a preference for lodging type or price range? 
It should be a hotel rather than a guesthouse, other than what I mentioned I have no preferences.
I have the Lensfield hotel.  Would you like to book it?
First let me ask if they have free parking. Also, can you please tell me the star rating?
They do have free parking and it is a 3 star hotel. How else may I assist you?
That sounds perfect. I will book it myself if I decide on it. That is all I need today. Thank you.
Not a problem! If you need more assistance, please let me know!
I need a turkish restaurant in the centre.
The Anatolia is a moderate priced restaurant located in the centre. Would that meet your needs? 
yes I would need a table for 5
What day and time do you need your reservation?
I need a reservation for Thursday at 16:45 please.
Great! I have your booking and your reference number is 186UXPOI.
Thanks! Are there any entertainment-type attractions in the center?
No I am sorry there are not but there are several nightclubs.
Could you find a college instead? i'll need the phone number, post code, and entrance fee please.
There are 13 colleges that fit your request but I would recommend Downing College. They're on Regent Street at postcode CB21DQ and their phone number is 01223334860.
Can I get a taxi from downing college to the antolia, I want to get there before my reservation.  
Okay! You will arrive by 16:30. Booked car type: red volvo, Contact number: 07940632984. 
great thanks! That's all I needed. 
Thanks ! enjoy your time !
Thank you, good bye. 
It was a pleasure to assist you. Have a good day. Goodbye. 
I would like a traditional food restaurant.
What price range do you have in mind?
I don't care.
No matching records were found. Can you be more specific?
How about vietnamese food?
Thanh Binh serves Vietnamese food and is located in the west part of town.  Would you like more info on it?
Yes.  I would like their address and phone number, please. 
Thanh binh's address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre and their phone number is 01223 362456.
and also postcode please?
Their postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.J.
Thank you for your help. Goodbye!
You're welcome and do call us again! Goodbye.
I'm looking for a particular B&B. Do you handle those?
No, I am sorry. B&Bs are not offered. 
Oh dear well what about local guest houses instead? I need to book it for 6 people for 5 nights staring from Monday.
Great! Your reservation at Acorn Guest House is completed. Your reference number is FO3NH9Q6
I'm looking for a hotel called Rosa's Bed and Breakfast.
Rosa's is located at 53 roseford road. Would you like to book this?
yes, please! for 6 people for 5 nights starting on monday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 4DNPBLIS.
Perfect, that's all I need thanks.
Thank you for using this system!
Do you have information about the Lovell Lodge?
I do. It's a moderately priced 2 star hotel.
What is the postcode for the Lovell Lodge, please? I want to determine the location.
The postcode is cb41sr. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that'll do it. Thanks so much for your help.
Alright. Enjoy the remainder of your stay!
I want a cheap portuguese restaurant. Give me their address, phone number, and area, please.
Nandos is a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south area. The phone number is 01223 327908 and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way
Thank you, goodbye
You're welcome, goodbye.
Can you tell me about some attractions in the east? 
I have museums, boating on the Cam, a swimming pool and more. Anything special you are looking for?
I'd be interested in boating and swimming.  Please give me phone numbers and postcodes.
There are no pools in this area.
Oh, well you mentioned that there was. Okay, well how about a museum. 
Yes, I recommend Cambridge Artworks. Their phone number is 01223902168 and post code is cb13ef.
Thank you.  Can you find a Venetian restaurant in the same area in the moderate price range?
Unfortunately, we do not have any restaurants in the city that serve venetian food. Is there another type of food you might be interested in? 
How about Indian food in that area and price range.
There are two indian restaurants in the east: the curry prince and the rajmahal. I suggest the curry prince. Would you like me to make a booking?
Yes could you please book that for me?
Yes, of course how many in your party
5 of us at 15:00 on thursday please.
I was able to book it, reference number is M0P9XXNZ.
Alright! Thank you, you've been very helpful. That's all for today.
You're welcome, Have a great day.
I am looking for some entertainment. 
There are lots of fun places in town. What would you like to do today?
It does not really matter can you suggest one?
how about the funky fun house?
No thank you what about a museum?
I have 23 great museums. Is there a certain area you would like to be in?
No area does not matter can you recommend one please?
One of my personal favorites would be the Cambridge and County Folk Museum.  It is definitely worth the entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. 
Okay, I'll check it out. Please get me the postcode and address
The address for the Cambridge and county folk museum is 01223355159.  The postcode is cb30aq.
i'm also looking for somewhere to stay
Sure, I need to get some information from you.  Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?  What day will you be coming?
Tuesday. I want a place to stay that is expensive, 3 star, and has free parking and wifi.
OKay, we have the gonville hotel in the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south. 
Thanks, I just searched online for it, looks great, please book me for 8 people, 3 nights starting Tuesday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : PE5Q6EI9.
That's all I needed. Thanks. Bye.
Have a good night. 
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I really need help with a restaurant though.
We have more than 100 restaurants all over town. May I ask if you have a certain price range you prefer to stay within?
Yes, I in am interested in an expensive restaurant. Thanks! 
Is there a certain area you would like?
Are there any restaurants serving South African cuisine?
I have no south african restaurants i the expensive range. Would you like to try another type or price range?
How about something serving British food?
I have 6 different places that serve British food. They are spread out throughout town. Did you have an area you prefer? 
In the west area. 
Graffiti is a great restaurant in the west area.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
What day do you wish to dine, at what time and how many people will there be?
Just one person, no specific day and time. I'm also looking for a place to go in town in the same area of the restaurant.
Unfortunately I cannot book the restaurant for you without a day and time. Can you provide that for me please?
How about Tuesday at 7:30?
Your reference number is 73H253CP. They will hold the table for 15-minutes. How else may I help you?
Yes I need an attraction in the same area. 
There are over a dozen different attractions in the west; do you have a particular type of activity in mind?
Can you please recommend one and provide me their phone number? 
There are many colleges and museums but I think you will really enjoy the entertainment called whale of a time. Would you like more information?
Yes, can I please get the phone number?
Yes, the phone number is 01954781018.  Can I help with any other information today?
Thank you. I am looking for a taxi to commute between the two places.
Where would you like to be picked up?
I would like to commute between Graffiti and Whale of a time.  I will be heading to the attraction after eating.
What time would you like to leave?
I want to leave the attraction by 7:15.
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Yes, hello. I need a place to crash so I'm thinking a 0-star guesthouse
great, i have two options for you 
Ill take either one but can you check and see if they include both internet and wifi?  I'm on a real tight budget.
Indeed, they do. City Centre North B&B is your best bet. Would you like to book a room there?
Oops, I forgot to ask for free parking, does that include free parking? 
Free parking is included at the City Centre North B and B. Should I make a reservation for you?
What is their address?
Their address is 328a Histon Road. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I'd like an expensive restaurant in the west. I'm not particular about the food, what do you recommend? What is the phone & postcode?
Do you like thai food? The sala thong is a good restaurant that meets your needs. Phone is: 01223323178	Postcode: cb39ey
Sounds good. I also need a taxi from my hotel.
Where will you be headed and when would you like to depart by?
I want to leave the hotel for the restaurant by 13:00.  
Great Your Booking is complete on a yellow lexus. The Contact number is 07896162603. Anything else I can help you with?
That's everything thanks for the help
Thanks for using the Cambridge Town Info centre Services!
I need a taxi to take me to Thanh Binh and I should arrive before 22:15.
Could you tell me where you would like to leave from?
I am leaving from the Shiraz restaurant. Can I get the car type and contact number please?
Sure! It is a black Toyota and the contact number is 07604345180
Thanks, that all I need today.
Thank you! If you need anymore help, feel free to contact us at any time. Have a great day!
I need a taxi to come by at 18:15 to take me to Meghna.
I can help with that, where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from aylesbray lodge guest house.
Your booking is complete. A grey lexus will pick you up.
Awesome.  Can I get a contact number please?
Contact number	:	07626056200 Anything else?
I have everything I need. Thank you. Goodbye.
You are welcome. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train to Stevenage, please.
There are 70 trains departing to Stevenage. What day would you like to leave?
I would like to leave on Saturday and would like to arrive by 21:00 to cambridge.
I have many options available. May I have the departure site please?
I am departing from Stevenage. I need to book seats for 8 people to Cambridge on a Saturday to arrive by 21:00.
I have several trains that will arrive in Cambridge by 21:00 what time of day would you prefer to depart?
Early evening please.
Could you please specify a precise time you would like to leave.
Close to arriving by 21:00. I need to book it for 8 people for a Saturday.
TR6759 leaves Stevenage at 19:54 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:43.  Would you like me to book it?
Yes, I'd like 8 tickets please. May I also have the reference number?.
Your booking was successful. The reference number is IQC4RP3I, and the total cost will be 81.92 GBP. What else can I help you with? 
I'm also looking fore a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi on the east side.
I'm sorry, there aren't any hotels that match your criteria. Would any other area, price, or internet availability be acceptable?
How about the one that is in the type of guesthouse?
There are 3 guesthouses available, 2 of them have free parking.
Can I have the information for the guesthouse that doesn't have free parking? I would like the phone number, postcode and star rating please.
The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702. The address and postcode  is 124 Tenison Rd, cb12dp. It is a 4 star guesthouse.
Thanks!  I think that's all I need.
Thank you for using our system!
I need a hotel that includes free parking please.
There are 29 hotels with free parking. Is there a certain area you would like to stay in so we can narrow the search down some?
I am not particular about the area. Is there a hotel available that has a 2 star rating?
There are 2 on the north side and 1 on the east side with 2 star ratings, would you like me to book one for you?
Yes,book me the one on the East side.
How many days would you like to book the room for? Starting when? Also, for how many people?
I'd like it for 5 people and 5 nights starting Sunday, please.
The booking was unsuccessful, would you like to try another place?
Yes, lets try a different one.
OK, you're booked at the Ashley Hotel. Your reference number is: 5UH12MNC. Is there anything else you need today?
can you please confirm the price for the package 
This would be 500.22. Is there anything else I can help you with ?
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel doesn't need to have free parking and should be in the north
There are 11 entries in the north. What price range are you looking for? 
50 to 75 dollars
when would you like to move into the room
I would like to move in on Saturday and stay for 4 nights.
The alpha-milton guest house is available, which is a 3 star hotel. Would you like me to reserve it for you?
I also need to make sure it has free wifi and can accommodate two people. 
 Booking was unsuccessful. Please book another day or a shorter stay
How about starting on Sunday?
I'm sorry the Alpha-Minton doesn't have free wifi. I booked you into the Avalon starting Saturday, which you wanted.
Thanks!  May I have the reference number?
Sure! That is BANQDUCA.
Thank you very much.
You are more than welcome! 
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge leaving on Wednesday.
TR5725	From London kings cross to Cambridge	Wednesday leaving at 05:17. Does that work for you?
It really needs to depart from Norwich so I can arrive by 13:15
Certainly, you can leave Norwich Wednesday at 10:16 and arrive by 11:35, or leave at 11:16 and arrive by 12:35. Which would you like?
I'll take 5 tickets on the 11:16, please. Any may I have the reference number?
I was able to book that. The reference number is BY848B54. 88 GBP is payable at the station.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to dine in the center that's cheap.
There are fifteen cheap locations in the centre of town, do you know what kind of food you're looking for?
Nah, I'm not picky. Surprise me. I will need a phone number, address, and postcode, though.
Alright, lets give Zizzi Cambridge a shot, their phone number is 01223365599, their postcode is cb21ab, and their address is 47-53 Regent Street. 
Great thank you I think I have all I need
You are welcome. Goodbye.
What type of food does the Oak Bistro in Cambridge serve?
The Oak Bistro serves British food. Would you like to book there?
Yes, please book a table for 5 on Saturday at 16:45. May I get the reference number for that once you've booked it please?
Are you sure this is the location you are looking for?
What do you mean? Do you have another suggestion? 
No, it just seems as though our system is experiencing an error. Can you please restate your restaurant requirements?
The Oak Bistro for 5 people on Sunday at 16:45.  Also I am looking for a 3 star hotel in the expensive price range with free parking.
You're booked at the Oak Bistro (Ref #QUJHQIMG). There are two hotels available: one in centre and one in south. Do you have a preference?
No preference as long as it has 3 star, expensive price range, and free parking. I need it booked for 5 people for 5 nights starting Sunday. 
I'm sorry, neither hotel is available for that booking.  Would you like me to try a different day or shorter stay?
Is it available for 2 nights then?
Great your reference number is DK2CZK2P.
Thanks. I'll also need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant. I need to make sure I get there by the 16:45 reservation.
I have booked your taxi as well. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Could I get the contact number and type of car for the taxi please.
The car is a yellow tesla. Contact number: 07951091729
Thank you. Do I need a reservation number for the taxi?
No you do not need a reservation number for the taxi.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I almost forgot; I need the hotel name, LOL. 
Of course! Your reservation is at the Gonville Hotel.
Thank you so much for your help today.
No problem, you have a lovely day!
i'm looking  for a particular hotel
I'll be happy to find information on the hotel. What hotel would you like me to look up for you? 
Finches Bed and Breakfast. I would like to book it for 1 person and 4 nights, start date on Wednesday. Can you also provide me with reference number?
I have made your reservation. Your reference number is 97RYHJTP.
im also looking for a place to go in the south
there are many things to do. What would you like ?
it should be a theatre. get me the entrance number
the junction fits your description. can i give you their address?
Actually I'll be taking a taxi between the two. But before I do that, is there an entrance fee?
The Junction does not have their entrance fee available. Would you like their phone number to call them? 
No thank you. I would like a taxi, leaving The Junction by 17:30.
All set, look for a yellow bmw, if there are issues, they can be reached at 07689463937, any other questions?
No, you have taken care of everything. Thanks you so much. Good-bye.
Your Welcome good bye
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
What part of your trip may I be of assistance with?
I am looking for a hotel that includes free wifi.
I have several options available. Do you prefer a cheap, moderate or expensive price range?
I prefer the hotel has at least a two star rating.
The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge in the north are both moderately priced, two star hotels. There is also a more expensive option in the east. All have internet.
Which of those have free parking?
Both the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge have free parking. 
Thank you. I believe I'll try the Lovell. Could you give me their phone number, please?
Certainly. That phone number is 01223425478.
Thanks very much. Can you also help me find a train? I'd like to travel from london liverpool street to cambridge on Thursday and I'd like to get there by 08:45.
There are two trains within that time frame. The train that will get you to Cambridge closest to 08:45 is the TR3839, which leaves at 5:39 and arrives by 07:07.
Could you book 2 tickets on that train please? Also, what is the reference number?
Alright, you have booked two tickets on TR3839, leaving at 05:39. Your reference number is XDXE55LY.
Thank you, that is all I need for now.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo center. Have a great day.
I need a taxi at Peking Restaurant to take me to Royal Standard.
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by 16:15.
Okay. A red lexus will pick you up. They can be reached at 07101377388. Did you need anything else?
I think that is all I need, thank you!
You are more than welcome! 
Hello, I'd like some information on a restaurant today.
There are 110 restaurants in Cambridge. To help narrow down results, is there a particular type of food you are looking for?
Let's try international food.
Sure, do you care if it is cheap or moderately priced?
Moderately priced in centre. I would like to book a table for 2 at 18:45 on Sunday 
The varsity restaurant may have availability.
Can you book a table for me?
I have booked your table. Your reference number is ADPJRX82. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for a train that day
Where will you go to and from?
I will leave London Liverpool Street and go to Cambridge. 
Do you have a time that you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to arrive by 9:15. I will also need tickets for 2.
I've got you on the TR4678, leaving London at 7:39 and arriving in Cambridge at 9:07. Reference number is 79ZUO01J and the total fee is 26.56 GBP payable at the station.
thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all I needed thank you for your time. 
You are very welcome. Have a great day.
Where do I get info on hotels?
You can get information here, through our help desk. 
A hotel that has free parking and in the north part of town. I would like one in the moderate price range.
The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge meet that criteria, would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes please book the The Ashley Hotel for 7 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
I was successful in making your reservation. Your reference number is 2W4KNZYJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would also like to find a boat attraction in the same area.
The Riverboat Georgina would work. It's in the north. Do you need more information?
Yes, I'd like the phone number and postcode.
The phone number is 01223902091 and the postcode is cb43ax.
Okay thank you that is all I need.
Yeah, happy to assist. Let us know if there is anything else you need. 
I really have to run. I'm late for work. Goodbye. 
Have a great day!
I need a taxi. I am going to avalon and I need to leave after 16:15
I will need to know where you need to be picked up?
I will be at Parkside Pools.
Alright I have a red Lexus picking you up at Parkside Pools at 16:15. The contact number for the taxi is 07332430116. 
Great that will be everything thanks.
Have a nice day!
I'd like to find a resturant that serves cheap Chinese food!
Charlie Chan is located in the centre and it is cheap! Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, go ahead and book it and please send me the address.  
The address is Regent Street City Centre. What day and time would you like to book? How many people?
I do not need to book it. What is the postcode and the area please?
The postcode is cb21db
Thanks very much!
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
I Am looking for a four star guest house.. 
Yes I have several listings in different parts of the city. Do you have a price range or location preference?
I'll need free wifi.
That's no problem. 18 of our lodging establishments offer free wifi. Is there a price range or location you'd prefer?
Not really, but I will need a room for 5 starting on Thursday. Are there any with that availability?
How many nights would you like to stay?
We'll be staying for five nights.
I have made a booking at the acorn guest house for you. The reservation number is 0LV52R28.
Thank you.  Could I please get the address and phone number?
Yes, address is 154 chesterton road. Their phone number is 01223353888. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that will do. Thanks!
Have a good trip. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Good bye.
I need to travel to Bishops Stortford on Thursday for work - can you help me find a train?
We have 5 options available to you. Is there a specific time you would like to leave at?
Yes, we would like to depart Cambridge on thursday and arrive by 16:00.  Thank you for your help.
Do you have a certain time you would like to leave?
I would like to arrive by 16:00.
Train TR0927 leaves around 13:29 and arrives at 14:07. Can I book that for you?
Yes I need it booked for 8 people. 
I was able to get you 8 tickets.  Your reference number is V8TPCK8Y.  The total is 80.8 GBP, and you can pay at the station.  Anything else?
Yes, I'd like a moderately priced Indian place to eat. Preferably on the Eastside.
Either Rajmahal or Curry Prince would be good choices. Shall I try to book you a table at one of them?
Yes, please try the Rajmahal. I need a table for a party of 8 at 13:00 on Thursday.
I got that table at the Rajmahal for you for Thursday at 13:00 for 8 people. Anything else for you?
Could you give me the reference number for the restaurant reservation?  
Certainly. Your reference number is 1NNVZZQI. Can I help with something else?
No, I don't think so. Thanks for your help! 
The pleasure was all mine. Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Hi, I am looking for a cheap place to stay in the east.  Can you help me?
There are 3 guesthouses in the cheap price range in the east part of town. Would you like to book one?
Do any of those include free parking?
Yes, all of them do. 
I would need a hotel for 6 people, starting from Thursday and lasting 4 nights. Is there anything available?
Allenbell is available and fits all of your requirements. I have made a reservation for you. Your reference number is DQOL6QE5.
Great, that's all I need today. Thank you!
You are welcome.  Have a nice stay.  Bye.
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant.
Okay, we have 57 restaurants in that price range. Are you looking for a place in a certain part of town?
I'd like something in the centre if possible. 
Most of the expensive restaurants in Cambridge happen to be in the center of town! Would you like to try some British food at Fitzbillies?
That sounds nice! Can I just get their phone number, address, and postcode? 
The address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre, the phone number is 01223352500, and the postcode is cb21rg. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's everything. Thanks for the help!
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I'll be in there next week and my friend told me about a restaurant called The Missing Sock. Could you tell me where they are located?
It is in the east, postcode cb259aq,Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Anything else?
I would like to find an expensive Indian restaurant in Cambridge.
There are many in Cambridge. Is there a certain area of town you prefer?
We are going to be on the westside, anything close by there?
Yes, there are 5. I think you'd really like tandoori place. Want more info?
Yes, can you see if you can make a reservation for me for 15:45 on Tuesday for 4 people?  
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please. And I could also use some help finding something fun to do in the west as well. 
Your table has been reserved.  The reference # is G0843WFO.  There are many fun things to do in town.  What kind of things interest you?  ...museums, colleges?
Tell me more about the museum.
Cambridge book and print gallery is a wonderful place and there is no entrance fee. Will there be anything else today?
cambridge book abd print gallery sounds wonderful. Can I please have their address and phone number?
Their address is 49 newnham road	and they are located at 01223694264
Grat, cant wait to get there, ...wow.  I am actually all set now, that went much faster than expected.   Thanks for your efficiency.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry. I must have forgotten that I need the postcode for the museum. Can I get that please? 
its no problem. the post code is cb39ey
Thank you so much. That is all I need today.
thank you that will be all for now
I need a place to stay in West Cambridge,and it must include free parking.
There are four options available. Do you have a particular price range in mind?
No but it does need to be a hotel and I need to have free WiFi please.
I still am showing 4 entries. Do you have a preference for stars?
I don't have any preference. What are the options?
Finches Bed and Breakfast, Hobsons House, Hunting Marriott Hotel, and The Cambridge Belfry are available.
Please book Finches for three days starting on Saturday.
Alright, just one guest?
Never mind. Can I get the star rating, price, and phone number for Finches instead?
Finches has 4 stars and is cheap. Their phone number is 01223276653. Are you sure you wouldn't like me to book the room for you?
No, thank you for the suggestions I will check and look up the one that best fit.
I am sorry we were unable to find you a hotel that fit your preference, have a good day. 
I am looking for some place to go that offers entertainment in the centre. What do you recommend?
There are no places offering entertainment in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
Is there one that has architecture?
I have several options. Perhaps you would enjoy a stroll through Holy Trinity Church?
Can I have its address please?
Yes, the address is market street, can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. I need some place with free wifi. I don't need free parking.
There are 32 entries, do you have any other information to help narrow it down?
something in the moderate price range, please.
We have 17 hotels that fit your criteria. Would there be anything else that you would like in your hotel?
I would like something with free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking. 
acorn guest house would be nice for you, should i book it for you?
I am looking for information in Cambridge.
Sure, what do you need to know?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel. It doesn't need to include internet.
Are you looking for a certain price range or a particular part of town?
I would like a hotel in a moderate price range not far from the railway station.
I'm sorry I don;t have anything matching your description. Do you have another area in mind?
If there aren't any, how about a guesthouse?
Nothing matches for guesthouse or hotel, can I try something else for you?
A guesthouse with a 3 star rating and does not need to have internet, nothing?
There are no guest houses in that area with a three star rating. Is there another area you would like me to check?
I guess a hotel in the same area with any rating will do.
I have the Gonville hotel that is a 3 star expensive hotel. Would you like me to book this one?
Yes, please. I need a reservation for Sunday.
How many people will be staying and how many nights do you need?
Please book it for 7 people for 5 nights starting on Sunday. Could you give me the reference number?
Okay. Your booking was successful. Your reference number is V0E1X9SL. Can I help with anything else today?
No, that will be all thank you for your help. 
May I book you a train and or a taxi?
No, thank you. I have everything I need.
Wonderful! Have a great day!
I am looking forward to trying local restaurants but would like help finding a place to go in town. I would like it to be in the south and a swimmingpool
I'm sorry, I'm experiencing a system error. Could you please restate your request? 
I want a place to go in the south, a swimmingpool. Or another type of entertainment, if there is no pool?
I'm sorry, but there are not any swimming pools in the south area.There are 2 parks and a cinema. Are you interested in one of these? Or something else?
Yes, are there any entertainment attractions then?
There are two attractions listed, Nusha and Tenpin. Would you like more information about them?
Can I have the entrance fee for the Nusha, as well as the phone number?
The entrance fee isn't shown. The phone number for Nusha is 01223902158. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, can you please find me a good Indian restaurant in the same area as the attraction? Money is no object.
Yes, the Taj Tandoori is a great Indian place in the south area of the city. It's expensive, but definitely worth it. Would you like a reservation there?
Sure. Book it for 14:30 on saturday for 3 people.
Alright, you're all set. Your reference number is 4FLWS8V8.
I would also like to book a taxi please. 
From Nusha to Taj Tandoori?
Yes, to commute between both places.
Ok, will do.  Is there anything else I can do?
Yes, the taxi needs to arrive at Taj Tandoori by 14:30. Can you let me know what type of car will be coming and give me the contact number, please?
I'm having trouble setting up the taxi.  Are you leaving from Nusha?
Yes, I'll be leaving from Nusha.
What time would you like to leave? 
I need to leave early enough to arrive at the restaurant by 14:30.
Great, be on the lookout for a yellow audi. The contact number is 07395163696. May I help with anything else?
Okay great that is all I needed.
Glad to have been of assistance.
Hello, I am traveling to Cambridge and I'd like to find an expensive place to dine in the centre.
kymmoy is in the expensive price range in the centre of town.
Can you make a reservation for 5 people at 18:00 on wednesday for me please?
Yes, I've booked your table, they'll hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 4ATJMY42. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, can you help me find some places to visit near the restaurant?
Yes, there are many places to visit near the restaurant. What kind of attraction did you have in mind?
I'm not sure. What is available?
There is architecture, boat, cinema, college, concerthall, museum, nightclub, park, swimmingpool, theatre
Its my first time in town, so I dont know which places are good.  I am open to suggestions, so I will go with your recommendation
old schools is a popular architecture attraction located on trinity lane. It is free to enter.
Great, can I get the address and postcode.
The are on trinity lane and the post code is cb21tt. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, you've helped me with everything! Thanks, bye!
Thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi, I'm looking for a train from Cambridge on Wednesday. Can you help?
I sure can. Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling from Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday.  The train should leave after 16:00.
How about TR6838? It leaves at 16:36.
Can you give me the arrive time, train ID, and price? Thank you. 
The train ID is TR6838 and the price is 17.60 pounds.  Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, please. I am also looking for the Cambridge and county folk museum.
I managed to book you on TR6838.  Your confirmation number is  DCI4NSWK.  The cambridge and county folk museum is located at 2-3 castle street. 
What area of town is that located in?
The museum is located in the west.
What's the entrance fee?
It would be 3.50.
Ok, I would like to purchase a ticket to the museum. Can you process that for me, please?
I am sorry i am unable to purchase tickets here is the phone number 01223355159 so you can reserve tickets.
What attraction type is the  cambridge and county folk museum. 
It is a type of museum. That is all the information I have.
Thank you. You have helped me with all my needs. Have a good day. Good Bye.
You're very welcome, enjoy your trip!
I've been injured and I need a hospital near me, one with a coronary care unit department please!
The closest hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital. The phone number for the coronary care unit is 01223217297.
May I have the full hospital address and their main phone number, please.
The hospital address is Hills Rd, Cambridge. The main telephone for the hospital is 01223245151
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I'm looking for swimmingpool located in the east,any suggestions?
Yes, the Abbey Pool and Astroturf Pitch is a swimming pool on the east side. They're located on Pool Way and Whitehill Road off of NewMarket. Would you like more information?
Can you tell me the postcode and entrance fee?
The postcode is cb58nt. I am not sure of the entrance fee.
Is the fee not listed? I also will need to find a hotel, and I will need free parking please.
The entrance fee is not listed I am afraid for the pool.  For hotels, I have Autumn House and Leverton House for hotels, 4 stars and free parking.
Is one of them located in the east. I would really like to be closer to swimming pool.
The Autumn House appears to be closer, the address is 710 Newmarket Road. Does that work?
yeah, can i get the price range and the postcode
For a price range I have 'cheap'! 
I think that will be all, bye.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Hello, is lan hong house still in operation?
I'm sorry, can you tell me what type of business that is?
Oops, sorry. Ian Hong is a restaurant.
Yes I see that lan hong house is still in operation. Would you like more information? 
I would like to try for a reservation on Thursday.
How many people should I reserve for and at what time?
a table for 2 at 17:15 and give me reference number. also find me a hotel in the east side and should have a star of 4
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : HPRELBW9. now let's find you a hotel!
The hotel should be in the east and should have a star of 4 in the cheap price range and should include free wifi
There are 3 gueshouse that fit that match. allenbell, autumn house, and leverton house. Would you like to book one of those?
Can you give me the address and postcode of one you'd recommend?
I definitely recommend Leverton House. The address is 732-734 Newmarket Road and the zip code is cb58rs
OK, I'll talk to my sister about that recommendation. Thanks for you help today, that will be all I need.  Bye.
Have a great stay in town.  Goodbye.
I need some information on a train departing from peterborough.
I can help you with that! What information are you looking for?
I need a train to Cambridge that leaves after 4:15 PM.
What day are you looking for the train? 
I want to leave on Friday.
There's a train going from Peterborough, leaving at 16:48. Will that work?
That may work.  What is the  train ID, travel time, and arrival time?
Train ID is TR0992, it departs at 16:48 and arrives at 17:38.
how long is the train ride?
The train ride will last 50 minutes from 16:48 to 17:38.
Great, thanks. Can you also help with finding a great restaurant to eat at. I want something in the centre of town and moderately priced if possible. 
great, i have 21 options for you!
21 in the moderate price in the centre? Which one do you say is best?
It would really depend on what kind of food you like. What is your favorite cuisine?
I'm open to anything, Ill go with what you recommend and take a booking for three people at 20:00 on friday.
I have reserved a table for you at Restaurant One Seven, it's a real popular locale. Your reference number is JNNU896Z.
Thanks so much, that's all I needed help with today!
you are welcome and thanks for using our services
I was wondering if you could help me in finding a train to the airport. 
Sure.  Where will you be leaving from?
I will need to leave from Cambridge if that's ok
What day are you travelling?
On Wednesday. I need the train to arrive by 19:15.
I have a train that arrives earlier at 18:08 and one that arrives just before your specified time at 19:08.
I'd like to book 3 tickets on the train arriving at 19:08, please. And would it be possible to have a reference number for the booking?
OK, you have 3 tickets reserved on TR4447, departing Cambridge at 18:40, arriving Stansted at 19:08. Total fee is 30.29 GBP. Reference #5VRJSMSE. Will that be all today?
Yes, it will. Thanks so much. Have a nice day. 
You are very welcome.  Enjoy your day too.  Bye.
Hi, I'm looking to visit a park in the east part of town, do you have any recommendations?
Yes, there is Cherry Hinton Water Play. Would you like more information?
Yes please. I would love the phone number.
The phone number for Cherry Hinton Water Play is 01223446100. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I just need the phone number.  Thanks so much.  Have a good day.
You too.  Enjoy your stay.
I need to take a train from cambridge to London Kings Cross
I can help you with that! What day would like to travel and what time would you like to depart?
Tuesday from Cambridge to London Kings Cross, anytime after 15:45.
Train TR0945 fits the bill, would you like me to book you passage?
What is the travel time on that train? 
The travel time is 51 minutes.
What is the arrival time?
The arrival time is 17:51.
Thanks! Can you also tell me about the best museum in the center of town?
the whipple museum of the history of science is an interesting one!
What is the entry free to the Whipple Museum? 
The entrance fee is free.
Perfect.  Can you get me a phone number for them?
Sure! it is 01223330906.
Thanks so much for your help today!
Not a problem! Have a nice day!
I am looking for an Eastern restaurant, medium price
There are 3 restaurants available in the moderate price range in the East of town. Would you like to go to Curry Prince?
Yes, please. What is the address, postcode, and phone number?
Yes the Curry prince is located at 451 New market Road Fen Ditton with a postcode of cb58jj. Their telephone number is 01223566388.
Okay thank you. Can you tell me their hours of operation?
I'm sorry. We do not have hours of operation in our database.
OK, then that's all I need. Thank you for your help.
Alright. Thank you for calling.
I'm interested in doing something touristy in the centre, where should I stop first?
there are several college, churches and museums in that area
Those all sound interesting. Do you have any recommendations?
How about the whipple museum of the history of science located at free school lane. Their entrance fee is free.
Sure, can I have the postcode?
Certainly the post code is cb23rh. Can I assist you with anything else?
I need information about a train on Sunday, leaving after 11:45.
And can you tell me your departure site please?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
the tr7447 leaves at 13:00
That sounds great. Do they have 7 tickets available? If they do reserve the tickets and I need the reference number.  
Reference number is : ZHM8KDQA. Do you need anything else?
No. Thanks for your help. You have been really nice.
You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
Can you help me book some train tickets?
Sure! Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
I'll need to get some more information. Can you tell me your destination and when you will be travelling?
I am going to bishops stratford at 12:45 on thursday.
You would like to leave bishops stratford at 12:45?
Yes, on Thursday. Can you book me a train for 3 people please?
Okay the TR 2929 leaves at 11:29 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this?
Yes one ticket to hogwarts please?
Ah, sorry, unfortunately there are no trains leaving to Hogwarts after September 1st. 
I am sorry, poor joke. I am leaving cambridge going to bishops storford, leaving after 12:45 on thursday, need 3 tickets and ref number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 30.29 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2WI5Y9KV. Anything else I can do? 
Yes I am looking for a place to stay that includes free wifi and is a guesthouse in the expensive price range with free parking as well.
There are no guesthouses that fit your needs. Would you like a hotel? There are several available.
How about one that is cheap?
There are several cheap guesthouses in all areas of Cambridge. Do you have an area preference?
I am not looking in any specific area. A cheap guesthouse with free wifi and parking would be great. Can you recommend one?
Absolutely! I recommend Autumn House. Would you like a reservation?
yes i would like a reservation. thank you.
I can help with that!  I just need to know your arrival date, the number of people that will be staying, and how many nights you'd like to stay.
Thanks, I need for 3 people for 2 nights. Arrival is on Tuesday.
Sure I have your reservation and the reference number is ZYSDXL09.
Thank you for all your help. That is all for now.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I need to know if there are any trains that go to Kings lynn?
Thre are many. When would you like to travel? 
On Friday.  I want to leave in the evening after 19:45.
Tr3765 leaves Cambridge at 20:11.  Would you like some tickets?
Yes for two please. 
Ok, I have your tickets for train TR3765 booked for you. The total fee is 19.6 GBP which is payable at the station. Your reference number is QK1CCHV5.
also looking for a place to dine,that is cheap and in the centre part of town
There are lots to choose from!  Is there a certain type of food you would like?
Asian Oriental food. 
Dojo Noodle Bar ius a nice place, would you want me to book it for you?
Sounds delicious. Yes, for 13:45 on the same Friday for the two of us, please.
We have the 2 of you booked at Dojo Noodle Bar on that Friday at 1345. The reference number for your booking is R579XP9J. 
Excellent, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Alright, have a wonderful time in Cambridge!
I need a hotel to stay in the East area.
Yes I have many guesthouses  and one hotel. Is there a price range you prefer?
I definitely want a hotel, and I'd like a place that has 4 stars.
I have 6 guesthouses with 4 stars in the east, do you have a price range preference?
No I don't have a price range whichever you recommend is fine. 
Leverton House will give you the most bang for your buck. Would you like me to make a reservation?
And there are no hotels? Just guesthouses? 
I double checked and no, there are no hotels matching your criteria. Would you still be interested in the Leverton House?
Does it have free parking?
yes there is free parking. Would you like me to book you a room?
No, I don't need to book just yet.  But I was also looking for a place to eat in the same area of town. 
We have quite a few restaurants in the east end. Is there any particular food you're looking for?
As long as it is in the moderate price range, I am open to your recommendation.
There are 3 restaurants in the East, there are two Indian restaurants and one Italian restaurant. Do you have a preference? 
Let's go with the italian place. Make me a reservation for Friday for 8 at 15:15 please. 
You're all set! Your reference number is NEZN98ZC.
thank you that will be all for now
Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Could you help me locate the Alpha Milton Guest House?
Yes, the Alpha-Milton is a guest house located in the North? Do you wish for me to make you a reservation?
Yes, I'd like to book a room for 1 for 4 nights starting this Saturday.
I am sorry they don't have a room available. Perhaps you would like to try another hotel?
Yes, Can I get a different hotel in the same price range?
Booking for a and b guest house. Reference number: DLE4Z450. 
Thank you. That's all I need. 
Okay glad I could help.
I want to book a taxi after 14:00 and would like to the rice house.
Certainly we can arrange that - where should they pick you up?
I will be at Cityroomz. 
I've booked you a grey Audi, the contact number is 07702787736.
Thank you that is all I need
If that is all, you're welcome. Goodbye.
Bonjour, I need a 4 star hotel with free internet, please.
Alright, I have many options available for you to chose from. Do you have a price range you're looking for, or an area of town you'd like to stay in?
No, I don't have a price range or area of town. 
There are 21 places that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down based on anything else, such as free parking or whether it's a hotel or guesthouse?
Yes, I would like free parking. I don't care whether it's a guesthouse or hotel, though. Could you suggest a place?
Would you like a guesthouse or a hotel?
I don't care, a hotel or guesthouse. Pick a good four star, with wifi and parking. I need to book for Thursday.
I have several choices. The acorn guest House has 4 stars, wifi and is moderately priced. How many nights and how many people will be staying?
Great. I have 7 people and need it for 5 nights starting Thursday.
Wonderful. I have booked Acorn Guest house to meet your needs. The reference number is TDUTD8DV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That should be all! Thank you for your help! 
You are welcome, enjoy your stay. 
Hello, I'm looking for a guesthouse or hotel in the moderate price range. I also need free wifi. What area do you think is best?
Might I suggest Acorn Guest House? It also offers free parking!
Yes, that would be great! 
Would you like me to book a room for you?
No thank you, just the type of hotel, phone number and star rating.
its a guesthouse in the north. phone is 01223353888 postcode cb41da location is 154 chesterton road
Thanks! I'm also looking for a museum in the west.
I actually have 7 of them. Did you have a certain type of museum in mind or if you like I can give a recommendation?
I don't have anything in mind, what would you suggest?
How about Cafe Jello Gallery? 
That will work, can you give me the address and the entrance fee?
the address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street,	cb30af and entrance is free
Thank you, thats all I needed for now.
Your welcome. I am glad I could help you out. 
Hi there. I was wondering if you could provide some information on the Bridge Guest House hotel. 
It is a guesthouse located in the south part of town in the moderate price range and has a 3 star rating.
Sounds good. Could you book me a room for 5 nights, starting Sunday? There will be six of us.
I'm afraid it's not available for that period.  You would like to try a different day? Or a shorter time period?
Is it available on Monday?
I'm sorry, Monday is not available either. Would you like to try a shorter stay, perhaps?
Would 3 nights starting Sunday work? 
Yes, that stay is available. I have successfully reserved it for you with a reference number of 34Z6Y56Y.
Thank You. I also need a train from Cambridge on Wednesday.
Sure, I need further information to narrow the results though. 
I need to arrive in Stevenage by 09:45 on wednesday
The TR8974 arrives closest to that time, at 08:10. Your other choice arrives 2 hours earlier.
I would like the one that arrives at 8:10. Could you book it for 6 people?
You're all set! The reference number is BGNTQZRJ, and you can pay the total fee of 76.8 GBP at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Nothing else. Thank you for your help
You are very much welcome. Thank you for using our service and have a good day!
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to da vinci pizzeria and should depart from the missing sock.
Do you know what time you would like to arrive?
By 02:00 please. 
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	black toyota Contact number	:	07381507010 
Perfect. That'll be all. Thank you so much for your help. Have a good day.
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre.
There are several. May I recommend Emmanuel College? They are located on Saint Andrew's Street and have no entrance fee.
ok. What is their phone number?
Their number is 01223334200.
I also need a hotel to stay in.
What type of hotel are you looking for?
I need a HOTEL in the cheap price range.
Then you want the cambridge belfry, would you like me to book you a stay?
Does it have free parking? 
There is free parking.
Okay. Please book a stay starting on Tuesday for 4 nights and 3 people.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : YJQS3BTA.
thanks for all of your help!
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hi! Can you give me some information on the Bangkok City restaurant?
Of course! It's an expensive Thai restaurant in the centre at 24 Green Street City Centre cb23jx. Their phone is 01223354382. May I help with anything else?
No that was all. Thank you very much.
OK, goodbye! 
I'm also looking for museums to see in the west. 
Oh, certainly. We have seven, including the Museum of Classical Archaeology, and the Cambridge and County Folk Museum.
Can I have the postcode, address and entrance fee for each?
The museum of classical archaeology is free at sidgwick avenue with postcode cb39da. The cambridge and county folk museum is at 2-3 castle street, postcode cb30aq and cost 3.50 pounds.
I'm looking for a taxi as well to commute between the two places.
So, you need something from the restaurant to the museum then? What time are you wanting to leave or be there by?
I want to leave the museum by 03:15, please.
Before I book your taxi, which museum you will be visiting?  Can you confirm that the taxi will pick you up at the museum and drop you at the restaurant?
I would like to leave the folk museum at 3:15 and head over to the restaurant, yes.
Great. A black ford will be waiting for you outside of the Folk Museum at 3:15. The driver's phone number is 07642790462. Do you need anything else?
No thanks, that will be all for me. Goodbye.
Thank you and have fun at the museum and restaurant!
I'm looking for places to go in town. Maybe a swimming pool?
I can help with that. There are 4 swimming pools available; they're in east, north, and centre. Would you like more information?
Well instead, how about some kind of entertainment in the southern part of the city.
Yes I have two options: Nusha and Tenpin. Interested in either?
What is the entrance fee for those two options?
I am unsure of the entrance fee, you will have to call the venue's for prices, would you like the phone numbers?
Yes, I would like the phone numbers. I am also looking for a cheap asian restaurant.
The phone numbers are 01223902158 for nusha and 08715501010 for tepin. What area would are you looking for the restaurant in?
It doesn't matter.
There are two Asian places, would you liked me to book one of them?
What are their prices?
The prices for these  restaurants are cheap. 
Thank you can I get the area, postcode, and address of tepin?
Sorry, I'm a little confused. Are you looking for information on the attraction Tenpin, or one of the restaurants?
The restaurant please.
The telephone number for the Dojo is 01223363471 and the telephone number for the J restaurant is 01223307581.
I also need their address and postcodes please
j restaurant is located at 86 Regent Street City Centre, postcode cb21dp.
Great! I'll also need a taxi to go between the two. I'll need to leave the restaurant by 08:00.
I booked a Yellow Skoda, contact number 07937936752.  It will pick you up from J Restaurant and bring you to Tenpin.  Will that be all today?
No, that will be all, thank you.  You have been very helpful and also patient.  Have a great day.
Thank you for using our service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a place to stay that is a guesthouse located in the center of town.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a 4-star hotel located in the center of town. Would you like to book it?
The hotel should have a star of 0 and should include free parking.
How about el shaddai. It's a gueshouse and located in the centre. They have free internet and parking.
Yes, four people for four nights, starting Sunday, please. 
That booking was unsuccessful unfortunately, want to give another day a try?
Can you try another hotel in the same price range?
Ive located a guesthouse that meets your criteria expect that it is on the north side, city centre north b and b would you like me to try and book that?
Yes please do try that.
I have made a reservation for you at city centre North b and b for 4 nights for 4 people starting on Sunday. Your reference number is T1X3A0DO.
Thank you. Can you give me the address and the phone number?
Sure.  It is located at 328a Histon Road, post code cb43ht.  The phone number is 01223312843.  Can I be of further help?
No. I think that is all I need. Thanks for your help!
Wonderful! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to eat located in the centre that serves british food?
There are 7 places in the centre area that serve British cuisine, do you have a preference on price range?
Yes, actually. Is there one that is expensive?
Yes, I've found three all in the city centre. Is there one of these that you would prefer? 
What are their names? I need to choose one I can book a table at.
they are fitbillies restaurant, the cambridge chop house and the midsummer house restaurant
The cambridge chop house sounds good. Could you book it for 5 people at 19:45 on monday?
Unfortunately, there is no availability for your party at that time. Would you like to book a different time slot or day?
Yes, can you try the same for 18:45 instead?
You're booked and the reference number is BQT142V9. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
Thank you and Goodbye 
If there is anything else I can help with you please call back.  Thank you and have a great day!  Goodbye!
Can you help me find a guesthouse in the north?
There are 11 guesthouses in the north. Do you have a price range?
No particular price range, but it should be 4 star rated.
Five of those guesthouses are rated four stars. Are there any particular commodities you need at the guesthouse?
I would like one with internet. What are the price ranges for those?
Actually, there are 8 guesthouses in the north with four stars and internet. 7 are in the moderate price range and one is on the cheaper side.
As long as it's a guesthouse in the north with 4 stars it'll be fine. Just recommend one to me please.
I found the Acorn Guest House, would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need the address, price range and I need to know if they have internet.
They are a moderate priced guesthouse located at 154 chesterton road with free wifi. I can reserve that for you if you'd like.
No but I would like a train on wednesday at 15:30 from stansted airport to cambridge.
I have a train leaving at 16:24 from stansted airport. Would you like me to book that for you?
The train needs to arrive by 15:30
I'm sorry, the earliest arrival time available is 16:52 on Wednesday with a departure time of 16:24. Would you prefer Tuesday?
Could you please check again?  I was pretty certain there was a train from stansted airport that would get me to caimbridge by 15:30 on wednesday.
There is a train on Tuesday, TR0135 leaves Stansted airport at 14:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 14:52, would you like to book it?
Yes, please book it for 8 people and then give me the reference number
Actually the Wednesday schedule shows TR5499 with an arrival of 14:52. Your group is booked with the reference number I48FCAAZ. The total fee is 80.8 GBP. Is there anything else?
Well I think we got everything done today. Thanks for the help. Goodbye.
I hope you enjoy your trip. Have a great day and goodbye.
i am looking for a train that will arrive at 20:45 and leaving on sunday
Certainly, where are you traveling from?
Cambridge, and I need it go to Bishops Stortford.
There are several trains that will get you there on time. What time do you hope to leave?
I don't care. I just want to arrive at 20:45.
ask for one option below trainID	departure	destination	day	leaveAt	arriveBy	price	duration	book (optional) TR6572	cambridge	bishops stortford	sunday	05:29	06:07	8.08 pounds	38 minutes	 TR8095	cambridge	bishops stortford	sunday	07:29	08:07	8.08 pounds	38 minutes	 TR9904	cambridge	bishops stortford	sunday	09:29	10:07	8.08 pounds	38 minutes	 TR0007	cambridge	bishops stortford	sunday	11:29	12:07	8.08 pounds	38 minutes	 TR2402	cambridge	bishops stortford	sunday	13:29	14:07	8.08 pounds	38 minutes	
Can I please speak with the manager? Giving me all this information at once is not helpful. 
I'm sorry. Train TR9904 runs from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford on Sunday and arrives at 10:07. Will that work for you?
Yes, could you please give me the travel time, and departure time?
TR9904 leaves at 09:29 and takes 38 minutes.
Thanks, that is all I need. good bye.
thanks for inquiring with us and have a great day
I am in the centre of town and I need somewhere to go.
There are 44 attractions near you, can you narrow down what you would like to see? A museum perhaps? 
Anything is fine. Send me to your favorite place in the city, just be sure to give me the postcode.
The Man on the Moon concert hall is my favorite. Their postcode is cb12lf. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm looking for a train from Ely to Cambridge.
What day would you like to travel, and at what time?
I'm going Monday and need to leave after 08:00.
There are 8 trains, TR2987 leaves at 9:35 if you'd like that.
That would be fine. What is the price?
4.40 pounds. would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks. I will go ahead and book later. I think that's all the information I need for today. 
All right, then. Thank you for calling. Have a nice day.
Hello I am new to Cambridge and was wondering about good 4 star hotels with free wifi. Any suggestions?
Alexander bed and breakfast	looks good, would you like to try that?
I need it to be in the north area, is Alexander bed and breakfast located there?
No, but the Acorn Guest House is in the north. Would you like a room there?
Yes, please! I'd like a room for 6 people. We'll arrive on Friday and stay for 4 nights.
I have you booked at the Acorn Guesthouse, six people for four nights.  Your confirmation is GLVBZVYO
I would also like to eat some Chinese food near the hotel. 
How does the Golden wok sound? It is close to that area.
Sure, can you book it for 6 people on friday at 17:15 please? And then give me the reference number
Successfully booked. Your reference number is XZZTYRWB. What else would you like help with?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.
I'm glad I could help, have a great time.
Thanks so much, goodbye! 
Best wishes for an enjoyable stay from the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I want a train going to cambridge.
Where are you leaving from and what day?
I am departing from Ely on Wednesday.
What time would you need to arrive?  I have quite a few options to choose from.
I want to go to Cambridge, leave after 17:00. 
Train TR8610 is departing from Ely to Cambridge. It is leaving Wednesday at 17:35. The price per ticket is 4.40 pounds. Should I book it for you?
Yes, please. I will need the reference number
Okay, can you please tell me how many people are in your party?
3 of us
The booking was successful. The fee will be 13.2 GBP and the reference number is 8CT5ZMQT. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would also like to visit a nightclub in the south.
there is a nightclub there called the place. anything else today?
Yes, I just need their postcode
Postcode is cb23hg.
Ok, that's great, thank you for your help.
Is there anything else you need help with today? 
No that's all, thanks!
You are welcome, enjoy your day.
I am looking for bistro food.
I cannot find any restaurants matching your request. Can I find something else for you instead?
How about a restaurant serving Portuguese food?
Nandos City Centre, which is in the south part of town, serves Portuguese food and they are in the cheap price range. 
May I have the address and phone number of Nandos?
Nandos' address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their phone number is 01223 327908.
Thank you
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Are there any restaurants serving middle eastern food?
I'm sorry, there aren't any middle eastern restaurants. Is there another type of food you'd like to try? 
Can you try the search again looking for Portugeuese food instead?
Sure! I actually have two restaurants listed in both the southern and center points of town that serve Portuguese food. Are you interested in one of these?
I would like the one that is in the centre of town. Can you book me a table there for Thursday at 11:30? There will be 6 of us.
I'm sorry, but the restaurant isn't available for that time. Is there another time or day you'd like to try? 
Can you try 10:30 instead?
You're all set. I have book a table for 6 at 10:30. Reference # 2801GMOP. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
Hi! I'd like to find an expensive Indian restaurant to dine at. 
Curry garden is an Indian restaurant in the expensive price range.
Is Curry garden in the centre?
Yes it is. Would you like me to make a reservation for you there?
I'm not looking for a reservation at the moment. Can I just get the phone number, postcode, and address? Thanks!
Certainly. The phone number for Curry Garden is 01223302330, the postcode is cb21dp, and the address is 106 Regent Street City Centre. May I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help. 
Thank you for using this system!
I'm looking for a restaurant my friend recommended, I think she called it the Curry Prince. 
Yes, I found what you're looking for. Would you like the address?
Sure, and can you book it for Friday at 12:00 for 3 people?
The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. Unfortunately, the restaurant is fully booked. Do you have another restaurant or type of food in mind?
Something in the same area and price range would work. 
I have rajmahal which is in the same area and price range.  Would you like me to book a table there?
Sure thing. I'll need a reference number too.
Your booking was successful, the reference number is FYFXWH1Z. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Great. Thank you so much.
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that will be all for today. Thank you so much for your help. 
You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
I'm looking for a decent place to dine in Cambridge please.
What type of cuisine are you interested in?
how about canapes food? 
Sorry, we don't have any places serving canapes food. Would you like to search for something else?
Could you please try for Italian ?
We have 15 italian places Cambridge, do you have and needs as far as area and pricing?
Lets try for a moderately priced place in the centre.
We have a great place on Regent Street City Centre called Pizza Express that you are sure to love.  Would you like me to make reservations for you?
No thanks. I just need the address, postcode, and phone number for this restaurant please.
Their phone number is 01223324033 and address is Regent Street City Centre.  Was there anyting else I could help you with?
I would like to book a train to ely, from cambridge.
Which day would you like to leave?
i want to leave on friday
There are 10 trains that meet your criteria. Do you have a departure time or arrival time in mind?
The train should leave after 11:15. Thanks
Train TR0767 leaves Cambridge at 11:50 and arrives at ely at 12:07. The fare is 4.40 pounds. The travel time is 17 minutes. Do you want me to book this?
no thats all the information i needed. thanks
Have a lovely day, goodbye!
Can you tell me where a hospital is located?
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode CB20QQ
Thank you, that was all I needed.
I hope you have a wonderful day, then.
I am looking for a hospital in town.It should have the intermediate dependency area department.
The department you're looking for can be found by calling 01223348144.
Okay, thank you. What is the post code?
Their postcode is CB11JG.
Thank you so much!
You are more than welcome! 
Yes, hello. I'm looking for a particular attraction called Downing College. 
t is located on 	regent street, in the centre.
Thank you so much!
You are welcome! Did you need anything else today?
No, that was all.  Good bye.
Thanks and enjoy !
Hi, I need a train the is heading towards birmingham new street. 
Train TR9678 from Cambridge to Brimingham New Street departs Friday at 05:01 and arrives 07:44. Is this acceptable or do you need a different time?
yes its ok with me
it will cost 75.10 pounds. can i book?
Actually I need one that leaves after 21:00 on Thursday, sorry.
Did you have a certain time that you would like to leave after or arrive by?
No, just as long as it leaves after 21:00 on thursday.
Train TR9209 leaves at 21:01 is this okay?
Yes. Can I have the arrival time and price, please?
It will arrive at 23:44 and the cost is 75.10 pounds. 
Thanks can you also give me the entrance fee and phone for a fun boating attraction? I don't care what area it's in.
I don't have entrance fee information, but you could try Camboats. Their phone number is 01223902112. Can I help you with anything else?
Do you have any boating attractions that do list their entrance fees? I want to make sure I have enough cash with me when I arrive. 
Not, I don't. There are four boating attractions and I have no information on their entrance fees. You already have the phone number for Camboats. Perhaps you could call them?
ok that's all i need thanks
Thank you, have a good day
Could you give me the address of the Parkside Police station?
The phone number is 01223358966. Can I help you find anything else? 
I also need the address for the Parkside Police Station, please.
The address is Parkside, Cambridge.
thanks for your help
You are more than welcome! 
I have been hurt in an accident, can you provide the nearest hospital?
The nearest hospital is Addenbrookes Hosipital. Would you like the address and phone number?
I need the postcode, thanks.
The post code is CB20QQ, Hilld RD Cambridge phone number 012232455151
That's all the info I needed today, thank you!
No problem. Goodbye!
Hey any ideals for a cheap chines restaurant ?
Charlie Chan is a good one. Would you like me to book it? 
Is that one in the south? That's the area I'll be in.
Charlie Chan is in the Centre.  How about the lucky star?  It's in the south.  
Sure that sounds good can  get a booking for 6 people at 11:30 on sunday.
Ok.  I have a table for 6 booked at 11:30 Sunday.  The reference number is A57HXG6M.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes. 
Thanks. I also need train tickets for Sunday.
Where will you travel to and from?
I'll be travelling from norwich to cambridge.
We have 19 trains that day starting at 5:16 and going by the hour, any preferred time range?
Anytime after 6 would be good thank you 
There is a train leaving at 6:16. Would you like me to book that for you? 
I need to be in Cambridge by 8:45. Can you book a train for that will arrive close to 8:45? Thanks. 
i have train tr4202 that will arrive in cambridge by 08:35. how many tickets do you need?
There are six of us.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 84.48 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : WPGYOY1Y.
Thanks for taking care of everything so quickly. Have a great afternoon! Bye. 
Your welcome. I am glad I was able to help. 
yes  I need information on how to proceed with a car accident dispute
I would recommend beginning by calling or visiting the police, if you have not already. The local station may be reached by phone at 01223358966.
Where is this police station located?
 Address	:	Parkside, Cambridge Postcode	:	CB11JG  there you go 
Thanks. I won't need anything more.
Thank you for using our services.
Ok, I guess this is the end of the conversation, thanks again.
You're welcome. Bye bye now.
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food in the centre of town.
How about the Jinling Noodle Bar. I can reserve a table for you.
Is it expensive? I would like the restaurant to be expensive.
It is not, but the Ugly Duckling is. Would you like more information on that restaurant?
Please book a table for 7 at Ugly Duckling.
I'd be happy to! What day and time would you like for your reservation?
Please book the reservation for Thursday at 3:00pm and please provide me with a reference number.
Great it's all set RAQ4F5LX is the reference number
I'm also looking for a train to leave on Friday and go to Kings Lynn
Where are you departing from?
I'll be departing from Cambridge and want to leave after 15:15.
There's a train that leaves at 16:11 and arrives at 16:58. The price is 9.80 pounds. Would you like to book it?
Yes please, for the same number of people. Can you also get the reference number?
Your train tickets have been booked on train TR1911. Your reference number is 4BLMS5KM. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I believe that's everything I needed for now. Thanks!
Pleasure serving you!
I'm so hungry! Can you find me an expensive restaurant?
Well if your going to be in the centre then may I suggest kymmoy? They serve asian oriental
Actually, I'd prefer some good German food. Is there an expensive German restaurant in the city centre?
I don't have an expensive German restaurant in the centre. We could try a cheaper restaurant or in a different location if you like. 
How about one that serves mediterranean food in the same parameters?
Yes, there are two! La Mimosa and Shiraz. Which one do you prefer?
I'd like to try La Mimosa. Could I get a table for 8 at 15:30 on Friday? A reference number would be great. Thank you
Your table is reserved for Friday, reference number 6HD6GFXN. Can I help you with anything else today?
How much should I expect the cost per person to be at this place?
I am not sure the exact price per person. 
That's fine then.  Thank you for your help.
You're quite welcome, have a great day!
Hi, I am trying to plan a trip and could use some help with the trains.
Okay sounds great! Where are you headed?
I'm leaving Cambridge and heading to Peterborough Wednesday after 18:45.
The TR8199 leaves after 19:06, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book it for 4 people. 
I was able to book it for you. Your reference number is DQDGTDH8. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to go to a museum in the center part of town. 
I have several places. Did you have one in specific in mind?
Not really, do you have one to recommend?
The Broughton House Gallery is nice and has no entrance fee. Would you like the address or phone number?
Just the address and entrance fee if fine, if there is no info on the  fee, than Ill need the number
The address is 98 king street and the entrance fee is free! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you provided all of the information that I needed.  Thank you very much.
Please contact us again in the future. Goodbye. 
I would like to stay at a hotel in the east, please.
express by holiday inn cambridge meets your criteria. 
Does it have 4 stars?
I am sorry, but that hotel does not have a 4 star rating, would you like another option?
Is there a 4 star guesthouse in the east?
there are 5 four star guesthouses in the east
Can I book one of them for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday and get the reference number?
Great, you're booked with reference number Y5Z7GN2R. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a gastropub near the hotel.
How about Royal Standard? It's a gastropub located at 290 Mill Road City Centre
Excellent. One more thing: is that in the expensive price range?
Yes, royal standard is an expensive gastropub.
Terrific. Can you book a table for the same group of people at 11:45 on the same day and provide me with the reference number?
Booking was successful for the royal standard. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : 4W94X4GE. Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you I also need a taxi between the two places please to get to the restaurant by 11:45
I've booked you a taxi from "a and b guest house" to "royal standard." The car is a blue audi and the Contact number is 07009978153.
Great! I think that's all I need today. Thank you for you help!
Thank you for using our service. Please contact us again if we can be of further assistance. 
I need to find a restaurant call the nirala.
I'm sorry but I do not have a listing for that.
Perhaps you could try searching for "The Nirala"?
Yes, The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. It's a moderately priced Indian restaurant in the north area of town. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, could you book a table for 5 people at 16:30 on Saturday.
Sure. Your reference number is OY06ANHY. Anything else I can do for you?
That's all I need. Thank you.
Thank you for booking with us. Have a great day.
I am looking for information about city stop restaurant?
I have pulled up City Stop Restaurant. What information do you need?
I would like to book a table there for 4 peole on saturday at 19:45. and can i please get a reference number?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OMKMNJEM.
Alright, thank you very much. That's all I need for now.
You are welcome.  Goodbye.
Help! I am hungry and need a cheap restaurant in the centre.
The dojo noodle bar is a cheap restaurant in the centre . Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
I'm actually looking for some italian food. 
Zizzi cambridge is cheap and serves Italian food.
And that's in the city centre? If so, can you make us a reservation? I need it for 6 people on Thursday.
Sure, what time would you like the booking? 
I need that for 16:15 please.
Reference number is : RVOQBWKG.
Okay, I also need a hotel with wifi and parking. 
Would you like a recommendation, or would you like to narrow the search first?
I also need a four star place please. 
The allenbell is a lovely guesthouse in the east and it's cheap too!
Please book that for me for today thank you
Thank you I need a 4 star hotel as well
I only need to hotel information for now. Thank you for your help!
Are you sure there is nothing else?
That's it. I'll call you when I need something else. Thanks. 
You are so welcome! Good bye.
I am looking for a place to go in town. 
There are many places, do you have a particular destination type in mind?
I'm looking for a theatre. Can you recommend one?
I have four theatre's in the centre and one in the south. Do yo know which area you would like?
Area doesn't matter. Please choose your favorite and tell me the area and postcode and address if you could
I personally love the mumford theatre. Its in the centre at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road and the postcode is cb11pt. Will that be all today?
Thank you thats all. 
You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.
Hi, I am looking for a guesthouse to stay on the north side of Cambridge.
I found 11 guesthouses matching your preferences.  Do you have a star rating you'd prefer?
4 stars, please, but still just moderately priced.
I have 7 guesthouses that fit your needs. Do you have any other preferences?
One with free parking would be great!
There are 6 guesthouses that match your criteria. If you give me your length of stay and beginning date perhaps I can narrow them down for you.
Great can I get the address of one and whether or not they have free parking?
Arbury Lodge at 82 Arbury Road has free parking. 
Thank you.  Can you tell me if there is a train going to Norwich on Friday?
I have 19 trains departing for Norwich on Friday. Do you have a preferred departure time?
Yes, after 19:45 and departing from cambridge please.
Okay, the TR4885 train leaves at 20:36 and arrives by 21:55. Would that work for you? 
Yes, I think that will work. Can you tell me the price, travel time and confirm the arrival time please? 
My apologies, the train ID is actually TR4886, it costs 17.60 pounds per ticket and is a 79 minute trip. The train arrives at 21:55.
Okay, thank you for your help!
You are welcome, what else can I do for you today?
Nope, that's everything. You've been very helpful.
Thank you very much! I am glad i was able to you find everything you needed. Have a wonderful day and I hope you'll use our service again.
Need a train leaving on Thursday after 14:30
I found 195 trains that match your prerequisites. What is your destination? 
I am going to London Liverpool Street from Cambridge.
Train TR3237 arrives at 17:27 and cost 16.60 pounds. Would you like me to book it?
No thanks, I'm not sure how many seats I'll be needing yet. 
Okay. Just call us back when you do.
Oh, I am also looking for an African restaurant in the centre...North African, to be exact.
There aren't any in that particular area, do you have any alternative preferences?
Hmm, can you see if there might be an expensive restaurant that serves specifically "north african" food in the centre of town? 
I apologize, but we are don't have any North African restaurants in this town at all. I do have an expensive African restaurant in the centre. Will that suffice?
No, if I can't get North African I'd really prefer something radically different. Chinese, maybe?
How about the Ugly Duckling? They serve chinese food and are located in the centre of the city.
Okay. can you book me a table for 7 at 11:00 for Thursday?
That booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try another time?
Sure, can we try for 10:00 instead?
Booking for 10:00 was successful. Your reference number is XVUUCPBH. Is there anything else I can help with? 
That will be all, thank you very much.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to stay.
What price range and in what area would you like to stay?
I would like a cheap 3 star hotel with free parking.
I don't have anything matching that criteria. Anything else I could help you with?
How about in the expensive price range?
Yes, I have a couple options for you. One in the centre and one in the south.
Do they have internet?
Gonville Hotel is a nice place and has internet, would you like m e to book it for you?
I need a train from birmingham new street to cambridge, please.
There are 133 trains traveling that path. What day would you like to travel on?
I would like to leave on Wednesday sometime after 11:30.
How about the TR1670? It meets your specifications and leaves at 11:40. 
How long is the train ride?
The train ride is 163 minutes, does this suit your needs? 
How much is the fare on that train?
It is 75.10 pounds. 
What is the exact arrival time? I'm also looking for a place to dine in the centre of town. I'm looking for an expensive modern european restaurant.
Let's take care of the train first. The train will arrive by 14:23 in Cambridge.  Would you like to book a ticket?
Thank you I do not need to book the train, but I am looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre of town.
We have many expensive places in the center of town! Is there a particular type of cuisine you'd like to try?
I would like modern European food.
How about darrys cookhouse and wine shop?
Yeah that should work can I please get the address post code and phone number?
They are located at 40270 King Street City Centre. Postcode is cb11ln. Phone number is 01223505015. Can I book a table for you?
No thank you. I will go ahead and book myself. Thank you so much. This was all the info I needed. Have a good day. 
We appreciate your business. Thank for using the Cambridge Towninfo centre! Have a great day!
I am looking for a moderately priced 4 star hotel.
All the moderately priced, 4-star accommodations are guesthouses. Is that OK?
That would be just fine, thank you.
Which are would you like? 
Any area will do. Recommend something.
How about the avalon?
Great, if they can book for 6 people for 5 nights, starting on Wednesday. Can you try that for me?
I was able to complete that booking for you. Your confirmation number is O4E7TJ08.
Thank you! Are there any places to go in the east?
If you're going to the east, I recommend taking a boat ride with Camboats. 
ok, what's their address and postcode?
Camboats address is The Plough, Green End, Fen Ditton and their postcode is cb58sx.
I also need a taxi. 
I'd be happy to help with your request, first I'll need to know your departure site and destination and what time you're looking for.
I will want to go between the attraction, and the hotel. 
I need to know a departure and/or arrival time. 
I want to leave by 15:30.
What is the cost?
Can I get the contact number and the car type please?
It will be a blue Tesla. You may contact them at 07008080625.
Thank you very much. That is all that I need.
excellent, have a great day!
i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.  Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No, but I need address and postcode for the Hospital, please.
Addenbrookes Hospital's address is Hills Rd, Cambridge and their postcode is CB20QQ. Can I be of further assistance?
No, that is all I need. Thank you.
Have a great day!
yes you can help me I need to find a place to stay that includes free wifi and is in the moderate price range. 
I have 17 places that match your request. Is there an area or price range you are looking for?
Yes East part of town
I have 3 guest house on that side of town. The warkworth house is a real good one if you would like to book it?
Could you make me a reservation for Thursday for 4 nights?There will be 5 people.
I am sorry the booking was unsuccessful for that time,there are 2 others can I check with either of them?
Yes please check them for me.
Booking was successful. Your reservation is at a and a guest house. Starting on Thursday for 4 nights for 5 people. Your reference number is OFJ58GX8.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Le t us know if you need anything else, good day. 
 i am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve Chinese food and should be in the center.
How does the Rice House sound? It is a personal favorite.
Is it expensive? I would like an expensive restaurant. 
No, the Rice House is in the cheap price range. Would you like to try the Ugly Duckling instead?
Sure.  Can you make a reservation for me?  There will be 8 of us, at 12:30 on Saturday.
Your table is booked, the reference number is NEFPTQ46. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that is it for today, thank you and goodbye.
You're welcome and thanks for using our help desk. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train leaving London Kings Cross and arriving by 14:30.
Where are you departing from and what day would you like the train for?
I am leaving from london kings cross and I'd like to leave on thursday.
Sure thing. What will your destination be?
I'm going to Cambridge
you have plenty of trains leaving from 5:17 every second hour onwards. Do you want me to book one?
yes please book me something around 10 for 7 people
booking was done for  165.2 GBP, your ref number is UR40DXM4
great, that's all, see you!
alywas there if you need me, bye!
I need to find a train that arrives at 12:30 on Wednesday. 
Certainly. Could you tell me where you're departing from and traveling to?
I am departing from Birmingham new street and going to Cambridge. 
I have seven trains available then, could you tell me what time you would like to leave ?
Yes I need to arrive in Cambridge by 12:30 please.
The TR3543 puts you into Cambridge at 12:23. Will that train work for you?
Yes, that will work. Can you book that train for 8 people? I will also need a reference number.
Certainly. I have you booked and your reference number is 47MBURBC.
Great! Thanks, that's all I need. 
Thank you! Have a great day!
Thank you for all of your help!
Have a great day!
Could you help me find a guesthouse on the west side?
There are two guesthouses on the west side, one cheap and one moderately priced.
Does either of those offer free parking?
Actually, they both offer free wifi and free parking. Finches B & B is cheaper, and the Hobsons House is more moderately priced. Which do you prefer? 
Let's go with Finches. Can you book me a room for 2 people on Saturday? We'd like to stat for 4 nights.
I've booked your stay. Do you need anything else?
Just the reference number thanks
Sure thing, your reference number is E7R5KNP0. Would you like me to help you find anything else today?
That is all! Thank you! 
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should have a star of 0 and should be in the type of hotel
I found the cityroomz hotel in the centre part of town.  Would you like to book a room?
The hotel should include free wifi and doesn't need to have free parking.
Cityroomz has free wifi and does not offer free parking. Do you want me to book it for you?
yes.book for six people and six nights. remember to also give me the reference number
What day would you like the reservation to start?
it needs to start on wednesday, please.
Sorry, I was unable to complete the booking. Would you like to try booking for a shorter stay or for another day?
How about for 5 nights?
your booking was successful. is there anything else i can help you with?
Actually I need the reservation to be for 4 nights, 6 people, starting from wednesday. Could you change the reservation for me please?
No problem, I was able to book that for you and your reference number is VA5JADCK. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that is everything, thanks!
You're welcome. Have a pleasant stay. Goodbye.
I need a train on Wednesday 
Where are you departing from and where is your destination?
I will be departing from Cambridge. My destination is Birmingham New Street.
I've got lots of available trains that will get you there. Do you have a preferred time you want to leave or arrive?
I want to leave after 08:15, arrival isn't that important.
I have one leaving Cambridge at 9:01 and arriving in Birmingham at 11:44. Would you like to book this one?
Yes. Would you please provide me with the reference number?
I have booked you and your reference number is 93NZYRZQ.
Thank you so much.
Thank you for using our system!
i need information about churchill college.
Churchill College is a free college located in the west part of town, over on storey's way. 
May I have the address ?
Of course! The address is Storey's Way. Would you like any other information?
Yes, I'd like to find a restaurant to eat at too. 
i sure will help with that. what is your prefered  type of food?
I want so african food that is cheap
I am sorry. There are no restaurants that match your criteria. Would you like to try a different type of food?
I just need one that is expensive in the centre. It doesn't matter what kind of food.
I have many choices. African, Asian,British, Indian. Any preference?
No preference, I just need something that will accommodate 4 people on Sunday please.
What time on sunday?
15:15, and I would like the reference  number.
Okay, how about the Midsummer House Restaurant?
Yes, please book it and give me its reference number.
You are booked for Sunday at 15:15 for 4 people.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number: F7XHSS1Z
Fantastic I can't wait to eat there.  All set. 
Glad to be of help. Have a great day. Goodbye. 
Hello, are there any attractions on the eastside?
Yes, there's entertainment, museums, boats, swimming pools, parks, multiple sports. Would you like information on a particular attraction?
What is the entrance fee for the parks?
The park is free it's called cherry hinton water play would you like the address?
No, but are there any cheap Korean restaurants?
There is one Korean restaurant in the centre of town.
I would like a restaurant in the cheap price range 
I am sorry but there are no Korean restaurants in the cheap price range.  Would you like to try another type of food or price range? 
How about one that serves Asian Oriental food? Could I have the phone number?
I would recommend the Dojo Noodle Bar. Their phone number is 01223363471. Would you like to reserve a table?
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Yes, I am happy to book you at Dojo. What time would you like to book and for how many people in the party?
Whenever is fine, just for me.
I can book you at 10:00 in the morning if you like. Is there a particular day of the week you had in mind?
i did not have any in mind
To brighten up your Monday I have you booked at dojo noodle bar.
Thank you for such great customer service. I am set for now. Goodbye.
You are most welcome and thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Take care!
I need a place to stay in Cambridge. It should be either a hotel or guesthouse with 1 star and moderate price range. Can you help me with that?
There are actually no 1-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge.
Okay, how about 2 stars? It does need to include free parking. 
ashley hotel is a nice 2 star hotel.
How about a hotel with 4 stars instead?
At 4 stars you have many options. What part of town would you like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in a good part of town.  Can you please give me the phone number?
The Alexander bed and breakfast is located in the centre. The phone number is 01223525725.
what's their address?
the address is 56 saint barnabas road	
What hotel type is that?
It is a guesthouse. Want me to book it?
No thank you. I do need help finding places to go in town. I'm looking for entertainment in the centre of  town.
I dont see any entertainment in the center of town. Could I try a different area for you?
How about a college instead?
There are several available. Do you have a preference on if there is a fee or free?
Free would be preferable. I also need a taxi. 
Okay, christ's college is free admission. 
I would also like to book a taxi to and from the hotel that leaves by 13:30.
Okay! Just to clarify, from where will you be departing?
I am so sorry.  I don't know where my head has been. I need to leave the hotel by 13:30, going to Christ's College.
Great! I have booked a taxi for you. The car will be a yellow audi, and the contact number is 07663388074. Can I help with anything else?
you have been of great help thank you
I am glad. thanks you too.
I need to find a guesthouse with a moderate price range. Any places to stay?
We have many hotels that fit your needs, is there a specific area you're looking at?
something that has free wifi
Acorn guest house fits your needs. Would you like me to book your stay?
Do they have free parking? What area is it located?
It's in the north area and they do have parking. 
Excellent. I also need a train to ely. 
Are you sure you don't need me to book your hotel for you?
Can you help with transit information?  I need to go to ely by train on Sunday and need to arrive by 09:00 departing cambridge.
We have TR2475 that leaves cambridge at 07:50 and arrives ely by 08:07.  Will that work for you?
Yes, that sounds perfect.  Can you purchase 7 tickets for me please?
That has been booked. Reference number is : FSUGM4NQ.
Thanks, that's all i need!
No problem. Good bye!
I'm interested in a place called restaurant one seven. What can you tell me about it?
Restaurant One Seven serves british food! It is moderately priced! 
Awesome! Can you book a table for me? 4 people at 15:30 on Monday. Thanks!
Okay I have you booked there for Monday at 15:30 and your reference number is 0J39OJVT.
Great thank you! That's all I need. 
It was my pleasure to help you. Please feel free to call us again in the future. Have a nice day. 
Hello, I am planning a trip and need some information on a particular hotel.
Please give me the name of the location.
looking for lensfield hotel, kindly find out whether it has internet and the area
the lensfield hotel is in the south part of town and has internet.  Would you like their phone number.
no but am also looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of college and should be in the centre
i recommend gonville and caius college	located intrinity street,cb21ta. do you need the phone number?
Yes I would like the phone number. 
The college can be reached at 01223332400. Please let me know if you need anything else.
I also need a taxi to get to the college. I want to leave my hotel at 04:45. 
A black honda will pick you up at that time, if you have any other questions you can contact them at 07444688519.
Great! Thank you so much for your help. That's all I will be needing for today.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Am injured and are looking for a hospital nearby
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.  Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No particular department. Could I get their phone number?
The number for the hospital is 01223245151. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Can you also give me their address while I call them, to save some time? Thanks.
Yes, it is Hills Rd. Cambridge. Postcode is CB20QQ.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye. I hope you feel better!
Could you give me some details for Carolina bed and breakfast? 
Carolina Bed & Breakfast is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse on the east side of town. Do you need additional details?
No, that sounds wonderful.  Can you book a room for me for 4 nights starting on Friday?  It will just be myself.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is 8IFKQGD8. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help. 
Have a good day, goodbye.
Can you give me information about Cambridge Artworks, please?
Cambridge Artworks is a museum in the east located at 5 Greens Road and has no entrance fee. Anything else I can assist you with today?
That sounds pretty neat. My daughter is really into the arts. Can I get their phone number please? 
Absolutely! The phone number is 01223902168. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a 4 star hotel as well.
Are you looking for lodgings near Cambridge Artworks, or in a different part of the City?
I'd rather stay in the centre if possible.
What would you like to pay per night?
Any would be fine. I just need to know the price range.
cheap and moderate are the price ranges would you like to book a room?
Just the four star and hotel, tell me what my price options are with that one. 
Thank you, what is the address?
I am unsure of the address, can you look it up?
There are no 4 star hotels in the center area.
Hmm are you sure about that? Can you check again?
I double checked.  There are no 4 stars hotels in the center area.
Can you suggest one in that area?
Im sorry, I am the manager and it is training day, we have two four star hotels in the centre university arms is expensive and alexander bed and breakfast is cheap?
Thanks I only needed the price ranges for those hotels. Have a good day. 
Alright, enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi, I am looking for information on places to go in town please.
Do you have preferences in the attraction type? 
one that offers all indoor games
The Cherry Hinton Village Centre offers multiple sports. Would you like the phone number or address?
Are they are in the centre of town? If so, do they have an entrance fee?
It is located in the east of town but there is no entrance fee listed.
Are there any colleges in the centre of town? 
Yes I have many, would you mind a entrance fee?
What's the postcode and entrance fee, if any, for your favorite one?
Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu and has no admission fee
I'm also looking for a cheap Chinese place to eat at.
There are three cheap chinese restaurants in the city centre. I suggest the Rice House as it's closest to the college. Would you like me to make a booking?
No, thank you. I need to consult with my friends first. Can you please give me their phone number?
Yes. Their phone number is 01223367755. 
Great I also need a taxi that will leave the attraction by 16:15
okay all I need is your destination.
It will be going to the chinese restaurant your booked. 
A black Audi will pick you up, contact number is 07658935119, as your taxi. Is that all you need today?
Yes, that's it. Thank you for all your help today. Goodbye.
Goodbye. Enjoy your meal. Any further questions feel free to contact us again. 
Is the travellers rest restaurant still open?
It appears that they are open, but their number is 01223276182 to verify. Does that help?
Can I book a table for six people on Sunday? At 12:15?
Reference number is : 7WXPZ42X. Anything else?
I also need to find a train from ely to cambridge. 
Let me narrow down the choices. What day will you be traveling? And, what time do you want to arrive or depart?
I will be traveling on Sunday.
Alright I have 10 trains. Please tell me when you want to leave or arrive
I'd like to arrive by 08:15. Please select the first option that comes up and book for 6 people, then send me the reference number
The booking was successful and your reference number is CKRJK7NI.
That is all I needed, thank you!
Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Thank you. Goodbye.
lad we could help, call back soon!
I'm looking for a museum to visit.
I have 23 to choose from. Do you have a preference on location to help narrow the search?
23? I had no idea! I was looking for postcodes, areas and addresses. 
Well, museum of archaelogy and anthropology is located at university of cambridge, downing street, cb23dz, centre. Would you like another musuem?
No, that sounds great! I also need to travel by train from Cambridge to Peterborough.
To clarify, you need to leave cambridge by train to peterborough?  I can help you with that. What day and time?
I need to leave on Friday sometime after 18:00.
I have a few options, the earliest leaves at Cambridge at 18:06 and arrives in Peterborough at 18:56. Tickets are available, would you like to book?
No, that's ok. I just wanted to know the arrival time. Thanks.
thank you and enjoy your stay!
Do you have any great places to visit in the centre?
Indeed we do! 44 of them, in fact. We have nightclubs and concerthalls as well as museums and theatres. What strikes your fancy?
Not really, what do you suggest, and can you provide address and phone number?
Primavera is a museum in the centre located at 10 king s parade. The phone number is 01223357708.
Great I'm also looking for a tuscan restaurant in the centre of town too
i dont have anything available. for that. Do you have another choice
Ok, what about mediterranean food?
Do you have a price range?  There are both cheap and expensive options.
Price range doesn't matter.
I would suggest la gardenia.
Can you book that for 2 people at 11:30 on friday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3BCC8OGU.
Thank you. That was all I needed. 
You're welcome, have a great day!
I need a 19:15 taxi to take me to Avalon.
I can definitely help! Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from Primavera.
You car has been booked. It is a black volvo.  Can I assist you any further?
Can i get the contact number please
Yes, your contact number is 07698022958.   Can I assist you any further?
No, that will be all. Good bye.
You're very welcome! Goodbye.
I want a train leaving from stevenage 
When would you be departing and where would you like to go? 
I would like to leave on Friday, and arrive in Cambridge by 11:30.
There is a train leaving Stevenage at 9:54 on Friday arriving in Cambridge at 10:43.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, that is perfect.  I need 5 seats please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 64 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 8NKI5WL2. is there anything else i can help you with?
Yes I also need information on a place to eat called the cow pizza kitchen and bar. 
The phone number is 01223308871. It is located on corn exchange street.
Could I get a reservation for 5 people at 16:00 on friday?
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : GT4M0UVD.  What else can I help you with today? 
Nothing, thank you. That's all I need. Goodbye.
I'm glad I could help. Have a wonderful trip. If you need anything else, don't hesitate to call us. Goodbye.
I'm looking for an expensive place to stay on the east side.
Okay, I have found a match. The Express by Holiday Inn in Cambridge. Would you like me to book a room?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes, it has internet would you like to book a room?
yes for 5 nights please.
What night and how many people are you needing this for?
I am needing this for Sunday for 5 people, if the booking fails could you please book for 4 nights.  Also can I have the reference number?
Yes, let me book that for you.
Thank you. What is the reference number? I'm also looking for places to go in town. 
OK, you're all set. Your Reference number is : P16OTKFH.
Thanks. I am also looking for places to go in town. I would like to visit a museum in the east area. Can you make a recommendation?
I have 4 museums in the east.  May I suggest saint barnabas press gallery?  It's free admission.
Yes I think that will work, I need the postcode too. 
Sure! The postcode is CB13EW. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yeah,I;m high maintenance, lol.  Just a taxi from Saint Barnabas to the Express hotel.   I'll leave by 13:00
No problem at all.  I have you booked in a black Ford.  The contact number is 07805617119.  Anything else today?
That's all I need. Thanks!
I appreciate your help. Thanks again.
Yeah, could you recommend a good gastropub?
Backstreet Bistro. It's expensive though. There is a moderately priced one called The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar if preferred.
I would like to book a table at the Backstreet Bistro for 5 people at 16:00 on Thursday.
No problem.  That is booked for you and your reference number is 2VE84YC5.  Is there anything else I can book for you?
Yes, any suggestions of museums found in the east area of town?
Yes, Gallery at Twelve a High Street is excellent, and has free admission.  Would you like more information?
Can I please have the phone number and address for that place?
Certainly! The address for gallery at twelve a high street is fulbourn and the phone number is 01223295264. Can I help you with anything else?
Great that's all the information I needed today, thank you!
You are very welcome.  Have a nice day.  Good bye. 
I am looking for a place to say that is in the cheap price range.
We have several options that may suit you. Does location matter?
No but I would prefer a guesthouse with free wifi.
I've found the alexander bed and breakfast that is in the centre and rated 4 stars.  It has internet and parking, can I book that for you?
Yes, that would be great. Book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting from Tuesday.
I have booked your room. Your reference number is NDVNFLQQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train for the same day as the reservation. It should arrive by 17:45
You might need to look into a taxi it looks like the trains are booked that day.
Ok thats unreal,thank you anyway
Let me check the train again if you give me the departure and arrival city again.
I'd be departing from london liverpool street and going to cambridge.
I was mistaken. There is a train that will arrive at Cambridge from London Liverpool St. on Tuesday at 17:07. Would you like me to book passage for you?
No thank you that will be all
Okay, thank you and goodbye! 
Can you help me find a train leaving on tuesday going to cambridge?
Sure, where are you leaving from and any certain departure or arrival times?
i'm leaving from birmingham new street after 18:30
I have the tr6741 leaving at 18:40 how many tickets would you like?
Great! Can you book for 4 people, please? I'll need the reference number.
Absolutely. Four tickets have been booked for this route and your reference number is 6YC0WN0E. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yeah I am also looking for a hotel by the name of lovell lodge. 
Lovell Lodge is a moderately-priced 2-star hotel in the north area of town. They're located at 365 Milton Road, cb41sr. 
You are thorough, I would like to book my group a 4 night stay there, please.
What day will you be arriving?
I want This to be on Tuesday 
How many are in your group?
Four people please. 
Okay that booking was successful. Your reference number is JGZHQJD7.
Thank you so much. That's all for now.  Good bye.
Thank you for using our service!
Where is the nearest emergency room?
I'm sorry, there seems to be an error. Could you please restate your request?
I need a train to bishops stortford on Thursday. 
OK. I have several trains leaving Cambridge and going to Bishops Stortford on Thursday. Do you have a preferred departure or arrival time?
I need it to arrive at 11:45. Can I get the departure time and the price?
TR4260 leaves at 09:29. The cost is 10.10 pounds.
I also need information about a hotel called Lovell Lodge? Can you tell me about it?
Lovell Lodge is a moderately-priced 2-star hotel in the North part of the City. They offer internet and parking. Would you like to book a room?
Not yet. I am considering booking a room for a friend. Do you have a map with directions or maybe a phone number for the Lovell Lodge?
I don't have a map, but the address is 265 Milton Rd. Their phone number is 01223425478.
OK, that's all that I need. Thank you for being so helpful!
You are welcome let me know if you need anything else. 
That's it for today.  Thanks again!
You're very welcome!
I want to find a place to stay in the cheap price range with free parking.
I have 10 places matching your request.  What part of town would you prefer?
North part of town,please.
I have the city centre north b and b and the worth house. They are both a guesthouse with internet and parking. Would you like to book one?
Lets go with the Worth House please. Can I get it for 5 nights starting Monday for 6 people please
I was unable to book that, would you like me to try something else?
That would be fine, but please stay in the same price range
Reference number is : HC73QPEX. I have you at the City Centre, north, B and B. Anything else? 
No that will be all thanks for your help.
You're welcome. 
I'm looking for a guesthouse to stay in that's moderately priced. 
Sure, I can find one for you.  What area of town would you like to stay in?
It doesn't really matter, I'm not familiar with the town.  I just need free WiFi and free parking.
The acorn guest house is located in the north and offers free parking and internet. Phone number is 01223353888 and has 4 stars.
That's what I need. Will you book acorn guest house for me starting Wednesday for 7 people, please.
I'm sorry, the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to try a different day or try booking another hotel?
Can you try again, please? I never told you how many nights we need. We'd like to arrive Wednesday and stay for 5 nights. We're a party of 7.
Oh, I'm sorry, that was my mistake. I do have you booked now for five nights now, reference number 1UX4GMPA. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, I need a train to get me to Cambridge. I'm coming from Broxbourne.
It looks like they run hourly at 32 minutes past the hour, starting at 5:32. Did you have a day and time in mind?
I'd like to arrive by 14:15.
Sure, the train that arrives closest to 14:15 is TR7834 arriving at 13:32. How many people will be riding?
How long will I be on the train?
You would be on the train for an hour, is this OK?
Yes, so to clarify, what time will that train be departing? 
TR3158 departs Broxbourne at 12:32, arrives at 13:32, and is a one hour ride. Would you like me to book it? 
No, thank you. The information was all I needed for today.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day.
Where is Addensbrookes Hospital?
That hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Thank you. Could you please get me the address, postcode and phone number for the hospital?
Yes, they are located at Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151.
Great, thank you. I don't have anything further for you today.
You're welcome. Thanks for using our service. Have a great day.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge
I am definitely assist with planning that trip.  Do you want to start with booking a train, or search a restaurant?
Let's book a train, I'll be departing from cambridge and going to broxbourne. Lets look for something on wednesday arriving in broxbourne by 19:00.
It seems there are thirteen trains to Broxbourne arriving by 19:00. What time would you like to leave?
We're not picky, please book any train arriving in Broxbourne by 19:00 for 4 people. 
Okay, your booking was successful. Your total fee of 71.59 GBP is payable at the station. The reference number is B5E7R2LE.
Thanks! Now I need to find a Lebanese restaurant in the expensive price range. Can you help me find one?
I'm afraid there isn't an expensive Lebanese restaurant in the city.
Is there any in the East?
Unfortunately, the only Lebanese restaurant in town is moderately-priced. Would you like to book that restaurant or should I search for a different restaurant?
What about one that serves indian dood?
There are 4 indian restaurants in the east. Did you have a preference on price?
I'd like someplace expensive, please.
I have 2 that are expensive. May I suggest Sitar Tandoori? Would you like to book that?
Yes, I need a table for 4 people at 10:15 on Wednesday, if that day is not available then try Friday and provide the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : UYGNM1SV.
Thanks for all your help.  I think I'm good now.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for something to do in the centre.
Is there a specific type of attraction you would like to visit?
I don't know a name, but I know I want the attraction to be in entertainment. Do you have any suggestions?
Unfortunately there isn't any entertainment in the centre. Would you like to try another area perhaps?
How about a college to visit in the centre of town instead? 
I hear christ's college is nice, want more info?
Yes.  Can you give me the entrance fee, phone number, and address?
It is free to enter. Their phone number is 01223334900 and their address is Saint Andrew's Street. Can I help with anything else?
i are also looking for a place to stay, a 4-star hotel, moderate price range 
What area of town are you particularly interested in?
I would like to stay in the centre please.
Unfortunately there are no moderately priced 4 star hotels in the centre area. Would you like to try another area?
Can you check to see if there is a moderately priced 4-star guesthouse in the centre with free parking?  I don't care about the type of lodging. 
Unfortunately there isn't, would you like me to try a 3 star guesthouse with those same requirements?
Yes, any type will do as long as it includes free parking.
Unfortunately, I am not showing any availability in the town centre with free parking.  Would you like to try another part of town?
Sure.  I don't care if it's in the centre or not, just needs to have a star rating of 4, be moderately priced, and have free parking.
How about Carolina Bed and Breakfast?  It meets your criteria nicely. 
That sounds good. Can you give me their address and postcode?
Yes.  Their address is 138 perne road and their postcode is cb13nx.
Why, Thank you for helping me you kind person!
Is there anything else I can do for you today? 
No, that is all.
Great! Enjoy your trip!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.
what would you like to know?
I am looking for an attraction called camboats, can you get me the address and postcode?
Yes, of course. The address of camboats is the plough, green end, fen ditton, and the postcode is cb58sx.
Thank you.  I would also like some help finding a train.
Sure I can help with that. Where are you departing from and going to. What time would you like to depart and on what day would you like the train?
I'm looking for a cheap guesthouse.
Okay we've got 9 different options. What area of town are you wanting to stay in?
Any of them with free wifi and 4 star rating?
The leverton house is a cheap guesthouse with a four star rating and wifi.  Would you like to book it?
Yes, that sounds good.  I need to book it for 8 people for 2 nights starting from Thursday.  Is that possible? 
great! Booking was successful. Reference number is : WD4S0IJZ anything else i can help you with?
Yes, I'm also needing to book a train to Cambridge; I must arrive by 12:45 and no later please.
What is your departure station, and what day will you be traveling?
I want to take the train on Thursday.
Okay! From where will you be traveling?
I should depart london kings cross and arrive in cambridge by 12:45 on saturday. I just need the price of one ticket.
TR7309 would suit your needs. Can I book a ticket for you?
I need to know how much it will cost per ticket.
Train TR7309 cost 18.88 pounds per ticket. 
Thank you. I appreciate the help.
Have a nice day.
I'm looking for a 0 star hotel that is expensive.
I'm sorry there are no hotels that fit that criteria.  would you like a different amount of stars?
What star ratings do you have for hotels in the centre?
There are 3 and 4 star hotels.
Can you check for one in the moderate price range.
I have 18 different hotels in the moderate price range. Is there a certain area you would like?
Yes please do a search for ones in the centre area.
I have the cityroomz hotel would you like to make reservations?
Yes, I need a reservation for 3 people, 3 nights starting Wednesday and I also need the reference number.
I have made those reservations and your reference number is  29Q1X35W.
Thank you. I would also like entertainment options in the same area as you booked the hotel. 
I'm sorry there are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Would you like to try another type of attraction or area? 
Yes what about a museum. 
There are 11 options to choose from. I'd recommend the Castle Galleries. Would you like more information?
On second thought, I'd really like an entertainment venue.
I'm sorry, but again, there are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Would you like to search in other areas?
Can you look for a architecture?
There are 5 options, I recommend old schools, would you like more information?
Please send me their address
Old Schools is located on Trinity Lane.
Thank you so much. That'll be all. Have a good day.
Have a nice day.
Can you find me a Chinese restaurant with moderate prices?
You have your choice of the Jinling Noodle Bar, Lan Hong House, Shanghai Family Restaurant, or the Golden Wok.
Which one of these restaurants is in the centre of town?
Jinling noodle bar, Lan Hong House, and Shanghai Family Restaurant are all in the centre of town.
Thanks! Can I have the address, phone number, and postcode for Jinling Noodle Bar, please?
Sure.The address is 11 Peas Hill City Centre, postcode cb23pp, and the phone number is 01223566188. Can i book a table for you?
No thanks. That's not necessary. I think I have all I need. Have a good night. 
Thank you. Have a good night, goodbye.
Hi, I am planning a trip and could use some help finding a restaurant.
To help narrow the search, can you tell me the price range you're looking for and what kind of food you want? 
I would really love to try some moroccan food. And something expensive, too. 
sorry we got no restaurant matching your request. can you make any changes?
Okay, how about an expensive British place instead? Still would prefer to be in the city centre, though.
I have three expensive british places in centre. How about Fitzbillies? 
Yes, that sounds fine. Can you give the phone number and address for Fitzbillies? 
The address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223352500.
I am also looking for something fun to do in the Centre but not sure what.  Can you make a recommendation?
There is Scott Polar Museum, would you be interested in that? 
Yes that would be fine. I need the postcode, entrance fee and attraction type.
The Scott Polar is a museum in the cb21er post code. It has free entry.
Thanks. I also need to book a taxi to get from the restaurant to the museum. Can you help?
Yes I can what time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave the restaurant by 19:00.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	black audi Contact number.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry I didn't quite get the contact number. 
The contact number is 07979998676, 
Thanks. I have all I needed. Goodnight. 
Have a great evening, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Thank you, good bye!
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre with your queries. Goodbye.
I'm looking to have some European food tonight for dinner.  Something very traditional in the centre of town should be good.  Can I get a list of options?
There are 8 restaurants. Eraina, Michaelhouse cafe, hotel du vin and bistro, galleria, de luca cucina and bar, riverside brasserie, darrys cookhouse and wine shop, the river bar steakhouse and grill
Please provide postcode and address for Eraina.  
The postcode is cb23rh and address is Free School Lane City Centre. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's it. Goodbye!
I'm glad I could help.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
I'm looking for find more information about an attraction I want to visit.  What can you tell me about Gallery at Twelve a High Street? 
That's a museum on the east side, with free admission.
What is their postcode?
Their postcode is cb15dh. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I am coming from peterborough to cambridge, I need to take a train that will allow me to arrive by 08:15
What day will you be traveling on?
monday is fine
well I can put you on the tr6741 you will arrive at 08:09, how many tickets please?
i want to make a booking for 6 people.
Okay great! Your reference number is HAXFBKAP, is that all you needed?
Yes, thank you for all your help. Have a good day! 
Do you need help finding a restaurant? Cambridge has all types of cuisines.
thank you for all your help. Have a good day!  
You're welcome. Goodbye
I need more information about Nusha.
Nusha is entertainment in the south and their address is unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road.  Can I help you with anything else?
Can I get the postcode?
Yes, the postcode is cb17dy. Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks, I know that Nusha is the south, but I need the name of the area.
Sure, the area is just known as the south of town, but the address is unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road and the postcode is cb17dy.  Does that help?
Yes, it does. Thanks for the information. Bye!
Thank you, goodbye.
I am looking for the Nusha. Can you help me?
Sure, that is a fun entertainment venue located at Unit G6, Cambridge Leisure Park, on Clifton Road.
what is the fee ?
Unfortunately, they often change so we do not have that information. But I can give you their phone number. It is 01223902158. Can I assist you with anything else? 
Thank you. I also need a book a train, leaving cambridge after 21:30.
Ok and what is your destination?
I want to go to London Liverpool Street on Friday.
TR9557 leaves at 21:59, or, if that is too close to 21:30, TR3138 leaves at 23:59. Do either of those options work for you?
Yes, can you give me arrival times and prices, please?
Yes the train arrives at 23:27 and the price of the fare is 16.60 pounds.
Thank you goodbye
Have a great day.
What train can I take to get to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street?
I have many trains that can get you to your destination. What day would you be traveling? 
I need to leave on Friday.
I have not found any train that matches your info. Can I help you with anything else?
I need a train that leaves after 15:00 on Friday.
Where will you be going?
I will be going to cambridge.
How about TR9756, it leaves at 15:40. How many tickets would you like
1 ticket please. I am also looking for a moderately priced turkish restaurant located in the centre. 
Alright, your train ticket has been purchased and the reference number is 41YRXR8G. There are also 2 moderately priced Turkish restaurants in the centre of town, the Anatolia and Efes Restaurant.
Going back to the train info, how long is the ride from birmingham new street to Cambridge? Then, I want to book the Anatolia restaurant for Friday, also. Thank you.
The train trip is 163 minutes.  How many people will be in your party for the restaurant?
It would be 2 people. 
What time will that be?
I'd like the table reserved for 19:00.
ok I have reserved a table for 2 at the Anatolia and Efes Restaurant for 19:00. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can you give me the reference number? 
Certainly, the number is KRE2S785. Can I be of further assistance? 
No, that is all I need for now.  Thanks so much.  Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye! 
Hi, I am looking for a cheap restaurant in the town centre please.
There are quite a few cheap restaurants in the town center. Is there a particular cuisine you prefer? 
I prefer creative food, please.
So sorry, I'm not seeing any creative restaurants. Will a different cuisine do?
How about one that serves indian food?
We have 3 located in the centre. kohinoor, the gandhi, and mahal of cambridge. Do any of these fancy you?
The Kohinoor sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 4 on Wednesday? Let's say... 18:30 for the time if it's available.
I'm sorry, that isn't available.  Can I try a different day or time perhaps?
Try 17:30, okay?
Your reservation has been booked on Wednesday for 4 people at 17:30. Reference number is M3TW6MPA.
I need to find a barbeque restaurant in the centre of town.
There are no barbecue restaurants in town.  Would you like to search for a different type of restaurant in the center of town?
Wow! No barbeque restaurants?  I need something moderately priced then.  Can you make a reccommendation?
How about Chinese or European? I have many options in the center that are moderate in price.
I would prefer Italian. 
i can book you pizza express whose postcode is cb21db and postal adress	Regent Street City Centre if you like
No, thanks. I just need the address and phone number.
Here you are Regent Street City Centre 01223324033
Thanks! I also need a train to Broxbourne on Saturday.
I have 19 entries for your criteria. Where would you like to depart from? What times?
I am departing from cambridge and headed to broxbourne on saturday. I need to leave after 8:00.
TR7807 departs at 08:01. Would you like a ticket?
Yes I would for 6 people. 
Your reference number is 6SUM4EK3, is there anything else you need?
no i dont need any other help. you took care of it all. thanks. bye. 
Yuor welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye
I was just robbed and i need some assistance please.
Please contact the Parkside Police at 01223358966
Can I get the postcode?
Absolutely! The postcode is CB11JG.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
I hope things work out for you. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay when I visit Cambridge. I want to stay at a 4 star guesthouse.
We have 18 available guesthouses.  Which area would you prefer?
I'd like some place on the north end, please.
There are 8 4-star guesthouses in north. Do you have a price preference?
I do not. I would like to book the cheapest one for 2 people staying 4 nights starting on Thursday.
Great! You're booked at Worth House with reference number 3HCUPL7S. Would you like more information?
Thank you!  Can you also help me with a train please?  I need a train departing cambridge on thursday.
There are 5 trains going to London Kings Cross on Thursday.  What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to arrive 17:45.
TR5266 arrives by 15:51 if you'd like that one
What would be the price on that one?
The price is 23.60 pounds per ticket.
I actually need to arrive in leicester on Monday by 17:45 out of Cambridge. Sorry for the confusion.  
I have train TR4564 departing Cambridge at 15:21 and arriving in Leicester at 17:06. Would that be a good option for you, or would you prefer something earlier?
Yes, could you please tell me the price for this train?
It is 37.80 pounds.
Wonderful. That's all I needed. Thank you!
Sure, would you like me to book that for you?
I don't need to book that today. Thanks for your help. 
Anything else I can do for you?
Not today.  Thanks.  Bye.
Thank you very much.
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arriving by 17:30.
I can assist you with that. Can you tell me where you would be departing from?
I'd like to depart from Stansted Airport on Saturday.
Sure, their is a train that leaves at 9:24 am. Does that work? 
That is a little early. Is there one that arrives closer to 17:30.
Train TR7078 leaves at 16:24 and arrives by 16:52 with a travel time of 28 minutes. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, 5 people, please. Reference number, please.
Your booking was successful and the reference number is 28UYG6JR. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre and serves gastropub food. In the expensive price range please.
There are two restaurants that fit your criteria:  Backstreet Bistro and The Slug and Lettuce. Does either of those appeal to you?
Let's go for the Slug and Lettuce just because the name is so intriguing. Book that for the same group of people, please, at 20:30, on the same day.
Okay great, I have you set and booked! Is that all?
I also need the reference number to the restuarant. 
Booking was successful, table will be reserved for 15 mins. Reference number is : PE63CDWY. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
That will be all, thank you very much.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Could you help me find an Austrian restaurant please? 
I'm sorry but there are no Austrian restaurants. Is there another type that might interest you?
Darn, I was really hoping to find a cheap Austrian restaurant. Would you mind checking one more time? 
I'm so sorry but there doesn't seem to be any restaurants in the city that offer austrian food. Can I look for another cuisine style for you? 
Ok, how about a cheap Chinese restaurant?
We have four cheap Chinese restaurants. Are you interested in the south or centre area?
I am interested in the centre area.
The golden house is a cheap chinese restaurant in the center area. Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'd like a table for 3 on Saturday at 18:30.
There doesn't seem to be any availability for Saturday at 18:30. Does another time or day work for you? 
Sure, try 17:30.
I was able to make your reservation for 17:30. Your reference number is VGGQ2AP9. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all.
Excellent. Have a good rest of your day.
I need train schedule information for Thursdays, please
I can help with that. From where are you departing and to where are you going? 
departing from cambridge and arrive by 21:45
There are 168 trains that day. Do you have a destination in mind so I can narrow it down?
I need to go to stansted airport please
I would recommend train TR7966 that leaves at 05:40
That's fine. Please book one seat for me, please.
Success. Your reference number is PMHZ3TJO.
I am also looking for a hotel with free wifi, but it doesnt need to have free parking. 
Do you have a preferred area or price range?
The area doesn't matter, but I would like it to be an expensive 4 star hotel.
I have 2 options for you. The first is the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel in the west. The other is the University Arms Hotel in the centre. Do you have a preference?
The Huntingdon Marriott Hotel sounds really nice. Could you book us a room there for 2 nights on Tuesday?
How many people will be staying for the booking?
Just one person please
Unfortunately they are booked up for those nights. Would you like to try another night or the University Arms Hotel instead?
Try booking the room for just one night, please.
That worked. I have you booked on Tuesday for 1 night. Your reference number is 7IX0V6NU. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you but that's all.
Let us know if you need anything else? Good bye. 
Hi, can you give me some information on places to stay for my upcoming trip?
Certainly, we have many fine guest houses and hotels in Cambridge. Is there anything specific you were looking for, to help narrow it down?
I'm looking for a 2 star hotel with free wifi.
Thanks for that information. What area are you looking to stay in? 
The area doesn't matter I would like an expensive hotel if you can find one. 
The express by holiday inn cambridge is located in the east and meet your criteria.  Shall I book you a room?
Yes, please book me a room for friday.
For how many people?
I need it for 2 people please.
And how many nights?
5 nights please. And I would need the reference number also. 
Your room at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge is all set up for Friday. The reference is 7F6ZIHSZ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you! I am also looking for a place to go in town. I'm thinking a college in the centre.
Christ's College is located in the centre at saint andrew's street.
Can I please get their phone number and postcode? 
Their phone number is 01223334900. The postcode is cb23bu. 
Thanks! I'm going to hanging out at the college late tonight, could you get me a taxi back to the hotel at 2:45?
Okay I've got a white Honda booked for you to pick you up at 2:45 and take you back to your hotel, their number is 07078899267
Thank you. That is all I need.
I hope you enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves Italian food.
There are five restaurants in the cheap price range that serve Italian food. What area are you looking for?
I don't care which area.
ask serves italian food and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like their location? 
Yes please, I would like their address.
Ask is located at 12 Bridge street city centre. Their telephone number is 01223 364917.
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a good day!  Goodbye. 
I'm looking for a museum with a restaurant.
How does the Cafe Jello Gallery sound?  It is located in the west and does not have an entrance fee.
Great. Please get me their address.
Cafe jello gallery can be found at 13 magdalene street. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Do you know of any restaurants in the centre of town that serve lebanese food?
Ali Baba is in the centre of town serving lebanese food
Is it moderately priced?
Yes.  Ali Baba is moderately priced.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes I'd like one for Sunday for 19:15, there will be 8 of us.
will you need to have all eight of you seated at the same table?
Yes please. I need the reference number too.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : H570Z3KN.  do you have any other questions
Can I get a taxi to take us fro the gallery to the restaurant?
Ok, a white audi will pick you up at cafe jello gallery and bring you to Ali baba by 9:15.  You can contact the driver at 07646811518.  Anything else?
No, that will be all thank you.
You're welcome. Thank you.
I need to book a taxi to pembroke college from prezzo.
When would you like to leave?
I would like to get there by 13:00. 
Ok, what time would you like to leave?
I want to get there by 13:00. 
I've booked for you a white Volkswagen, the contact number is 07750608995.
Ok, that's all I need. Thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's everything. Goodbye.
Have a great trip.
Greetings! Can you help me in locating a train to get me to Cambridge?
Certainly. Can you please tell me the location you are departing from and what day you would like to leave?
Sure.  I need to leave on Friday from Broxbourne.  
We have several trains for that day. Did you have a particular time you wanted to leave?
I am going to need to leave sometime later than 17:15.  I will need 6 seats.
There are 7 trains available. When would you like to arrive bye?
It doesn't matter, I just need to leave sometime after 17:15. 
I can book you on TR4322 from broxbourne to cambridge. It leaves at 17:32 and arrives by 18:32. Would you like that?
Yes please, for 6 people.
I booked 6 seats on TR4322, the price is 107.4 GBP and your reference number is RZUTECIJ. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all I needed for today. Thank you
I'm happy to be of service. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Good afternoon, can you help me find an expensive place to stay in the town centre?
I sure can.  I found a 3 star hotel and a 4 star hotel.  Do you have a preference?
It should be a hotel type hotel not a guesthouse
How about the Gonville Hotel located in the centre of town is in the expensive price range?
Yes, that sounds good.  Could you reserve a room for 5 people checking in on Saturday?  I think we'll stay for 3 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KRJNYV0Q.
Great, thank you for your help.
You are very welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Thank you , good day to you.
Hi. I'm interested in finding a good restaurant near the center of town. Do you have any listings that fall in the expensive price range?
We have many expensive restaurants located in the centre of town. Is there a type of cuisine that you would prefer specifically? 
I do not care.
I would recommend wagamama, which serves japanese food. Would you like to reserve a table?
That would be great, can I also have the postcode and address for Wagamama?
The address is 36 Saint Andrews Street, postcode cb23ar. Would you like to reserve a table?
No, thank you, but I would like to know if there is a museum in town.  I need the postcode for the museum.
The Broughton House Gallery is located in the centre.  It's postcode is cb11ln.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Nope. That's all today. Thank you.
My pleasure, enjoy your trip!
I'm looking for a guesthouse. But I won't have a car with me, so I don't need any rigamarole with "free" parking.
Sure! There is a three-star guesthouse without free parking at 63 Milton Road. Would you like me to book the hotel for you?
what area of town? what's the price?
Alpha-milton guest house has a moderate price range in the north, as is Avalon guesthouse. a and b is in the east, also moderate.
Are there any hotels in the expensive price range in the north?
name	type	area	pricerange	stars	internet	parking	phone	postcode	address	book (optional) alpha-milton guest house	guesthouse	north	moderate	3	no	no	01223311625	cb41xa	63 milton road	 avalon	guesthouse	north	moderate	4	yes	no	01223353071	cb43pd	62 gilbert road	 are the available options
surprise me! i need a booking for 6 people 2 nights starting on friday.
You are booked into the Avalon which is moderately priced. There were no guesthouses in the expensive range.  Your reference number is WSPNWZI0.
Great, thank you for help. That is all I need today.
Thank you for using our services. Have a great stay!
thanks a lot hope to really enjoy my stay
So do I! have a great day!
I want to book a reservation at darrys cookhouse and wine shop in cambridge
What time and date would you like the reservation for?
For 8 people at 17:00 on sunday and I need a confrmation number please,thank you.
Please note your table will be available for 15 minutes.  Reference WUSJYUS6. Anything else I can do for you?
I also need a train going to cambridge I need to arrive by 12:15.
There are many trains throughout the day going to cambridge.  Where are you departing from, what day do you want to travel, and what time do you want to leave?
I'm looking for an expensive hotel in Cambridge that offers free wifi for guests.
express by holiday inn cambridge 	is a nice one. Do you want to book ?
What part of town is it located in?
It is located in the east. Do you need a reservation?
I'm actually looking for something in the centre part of town.  Is the one you mentioned a 5 star?
There are two expensive hotels in the centre of town. One is rated 4 stars and the other 3 stars. The one I mentioned earlier is only rated 2 stars.
I would like more info on the three star please. 
gonville hotel has free wifi and parking, and is located at gonville place, cb11ly. Their number is 01223366611. Want to book?
Thats sounds perfect. But, I don't need to book today. Although, can you tell me their star rating?
their star rating is 3.
Ok.  I also need to find a restaurant. 
Ok. Do you have a food preference, or maybe a part of town you'd like the restaurant to be in?
I would like to find an Indian restaurant that is in the expensive range.
There are many expensive indian restaurants, could you narrow it down by location or would you like for me to make a recommendation?
Make a recommendation please.
Curry garden is an expensive Indian restaurant located in town centre. 
Can you make a reservation for Saturday for 7 people at 15:15? 
You are booked for curry garden on Saturday. Your reference number is BLG9K1BW. May I help you with something else?
I'd like a taxi to take me from the hotel to Curry Garden for my reservation.
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey Ford and the contact number is 07955235640.
Can you please let me know what time I'll arrive at Curry Garden? I don't want to miss my reservation, it's my best friend's dirty thirty. 
Yes, you will arrive by 15:15. 
thanks alot for helping
You're very welcome! Bye!
I need a train leaving cambridge after 17:30.
Okay, is there somewhere specific you would like to travel to? 
I want to go to Stansted Airport on Saturday.
How many tickets would you like?
I am not sure yet, could you tel me how long the train takes to get there?
The train ride lasts 28 minutes. Would you like to book a ticket now?
No, thank you.
Ok, is there another train I can check for you?
No that is all thank you.
Okay don't hesitate to call us if you need further assistance.
Thank you for your assistance bye!
You are very welcome, goodbye.
We would like to visit a museum while we are in town. 
Okay, that sounds fun! What area are you going to be in?
We will be in the centre area.  What do you suggest?  Please provide phone number, postcode, and address.
I have 11 museums in the Centre. I would recommend Castle Galleries, phone number 01223307402, postal code cb23bj, address unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. It is free.
Do you have any other suggestions?
You should check out Primavera.  The phone number is 01223357708.  It is at 10 King's Parade and the postcode is cb21sj.
I also need a train going to cambridge.
In order to find a train I need to know where you are departing from and which day.
I'm departing from birmingham new street on Saturday and I'd like to leave after 12:45.
How about TR8390 that leaves birmingham new street at 13:40 on Saturday.  It arrives in cambridge at 16:23.  The price is 60.08.  Shall I book it? 
Yes, can I book that for 5 people? 
I was able to book it, reference is 0W0BQB8W.
Thank you very much
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Please call us back if we can assist you in any other way. Have a great day! Goodbye.
Hi I need to find a place to stay with a 3 star rating with free parking
There are 6 four star hotels in Cambridge. Do you have a preferred price range?
Could you find me a one that is cheap?
There is none that is cheap. Would you like to change your criteria?
Could you give me the lowest price of the 6 hotels currently available?
There are no cheap hotels available with 3 stars and free parking. Do you want to try a different price range?
What about cheap 4 star hotels?
I have 7 guesthouse and the cambridge belfry hotel that meet your needs. Would you like to book one?
What area is the Belfry in? Do they have internet? I'd also like their phone number.
Yes. The cambridge belfry hotel has free internet and parking. Their phone number is 01954714600. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. Can you tell me what area the hotel is in please. And I would also like to find a train to Cambridge on Monday.
The cambridge belfry is a hotel in the west in the cheap price range. Do you need any more information?
Do you know if the property offers free parking?
They do offer free parking. 
I also need a train ticket from Kings Lynn to Cambridge, please.
There are over one hundred trains that go from Kings Lynn to Cambridge, can you tell me what day and time you would like to leave?
I would like to arrive by 20:45 and leave on a Monday. It will also be for only myself.
The closest train I've found to meet your preferences leaves Monday and arrives by 19:58. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please do. May I have the reference number? 
Yes, the number is TR1978. Anything else?
That should do it, thank you.
OK, I have booked the train and you have a reference number of VJMRP8OS.  Please be ready to board at 19:11.  
Thank you! That's all I needed.
You're welcome! Goodbye!
I need a restaurant located in the centre for a moderate price.
Sure, I can help you with that. I have 21 restaurants available. Would you like a certain type of food?
I am looking just for any restaurant available for 5 people at 13:45 on saturday.
I was able to book Yippee Noodle Bar and your reference is 7J4EXP7M.
Great! Thank you very much! 
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need. Thank you. 
Thank you for using our system!
Hi, I can't wait to get to Cambridge and am especially excited about seeing some local tourist attractions.  I could definitely use some help with the rest of my trip.
Cambridge has many important and historic sites to visit, can you tell me what types of attractions interest you most?
Actually, skip that. Let's see if there's a great restaurant to try instead. I am open as far as cuisine but want something expensive in the centre of town. 
There are 33 restaurants including Bedouin which is African cuisine.
Sounds good, could you book me a table for 5 on Monday at 17:00?
Congradulatoions your reservation was successful. Your reference number is 4H8L8VFA
After dinner we would like to visit a park.  Can you find one for me.  Please let  me know the entrance fee, postcode, and area.  Thank you!
Sure, there are a number of parks.  Was there a specific area of town you were looking for? 
I don't have a preference for the area.
I recommend Wandlebury Country Park on the south side of town.  Entrance is free and the postcode is cb223ae.
Thank you.  Could you also book a taxi to commute between the two places?  
Definitely! What time would you like to leave Bedouin?
No, I need a taxi to Bedouin. I want to arrive by the booked time.
Your taxi reservation was successful. The contact number is 07420542713. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great. what kind of car will I be riding in so I don't get into the wrong one?
Red toyota, they can be reached at 07420542713 if there are issues, any other questions today?
Thank you so much for your help. 
You're welcome.  Have a wonderful day!
Can you get me information on a theatre to visit?
I have several options for you.  What area would you like to visit a theater in?  
Hmm.. whatever theater you would recommend for me. I would like the number, entrance free, and postcode.
The Mumford Theatre in the centre of town is well known. Their number is 08451962320 and they are in the cb1pt postcode. I'm sorry, I don't have entrance fee info.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to eat. Maybe Italian food?
We have fifteen Italian restaurants. Do location or price range matter?
I'd like someplace expensive in the center.
I have 4 to choose from. If I may, might I suggest Caffe Uno. They have wonderful food and great service. They are located at 32 Bridge Street City Centre.
that sounds great. Could you book 7 people for 16:00 on Sunday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : N831LHZU
Great.  Thanks for all your help!
You're sure welcome!  Can I help you further?
Could you also book me a taxi to commute between those places?
I will need to know your departure time to book the taxi..
I'm really not to sure. 
I've booked a taxi from mumford theatre arriving at Caffe Uno before your 16:00 reservation. You will be taking a yellow Lexus and can reach the driver at 07565050556
That's perfect.  Thanks so much!
Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need today. 
okay, have a great trip! Bye!
I would like a moderately priced restaurant that serves creative food.
There are no results matching your query. Would you like to change your query?
Yes. How about a restaurant that serves European food?
De Luca Cucina and Bar is moderately priced and serves modern European food.
That sounds good, can I have the address and postcode please.
the address is 83 Regent Street, postcode is C.B 2, 1 A.W.
I need to take a train into Cambridge on Wednesday.
I found 202 trains that day, do you have a departure location you would like to start at?
I am leaving Birmingham New Street and would like to arrive by 17:15, can you book that for me?
No problem. How many seats would you like to book?
Make it for three people, and tell me the reference number.
I have booked your train tickets for 3 passengers. It is leaving Birmingham New Street at 10:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:23. Your reference number is OICBJMQ6. The total price is 225.3 GBP and will be payable at the station. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, can I get booking at the Alpha-Milton Guest House?
Of course, I will need to know when you are staying, how long, and how many will be in your party.
We'll need it for the same day, Wednesday, for the same 3 people. We'd like to stay for 5 nights.
I am very sorry I was unable to book for 5 nights at the alpha-milton guest house.  Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Ok, well how about 3 nights instead?
They did in have fact have rooms for 3 days. Your reference number is 54927PC2.
Great thank you. What is the address for the Alpha-Milton?
63 Milton Road.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, I believe that will be everything today.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day. 
Good evening, where would I find a hospital in town please?
The Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd., in Cambridge.
Can I please have a phone number, post code and address please? 
The phone number is 01223245151, address is Hills Road, Cambridge, and the postcode is CB20QQ.
That's all I need. Thanks, good bye.
Great! Have a nice day!
I am needing a place in the centre area to dine at while I am seeing attractions in cambridge?
Do you have any food preferences?
I'm starving and will only be satisfied with some spanish food, please!
We have two spanish restaurants in the city centre. La tasca is moderately priced, and La raza is cheap. Do you have a preference?
I would like to try the moderately priced one please.
Okay! Would you like for me to make you a reservation?
Yes, please.  Can I get a table for 3 on Tuesday at 19:30? 
I was able to book you a table they will hold it for 15 minutes. Your reference number is U7OJBNT7. Is there anything else I can help with? 
I'm looking for an architecture attraction in town. Any suggestions?
There are 5 architecture attractions located in the centre. Most of them are free.
I would like to have the area, phone number, and entrance fee please
How about all saints church?  They are located on jesus lane, it's free and in the centre. Phone 01223452587. Can I help with anything else today?
Thank you. Can you also help me with a taxi from all saints church to La tasca in time for my dinner reservation?
Congrats you got the black BMW enjoy your ride to a and b guesthouse.
What is the contact number for the taxi?
Your taxi has been changed to a blue bmw with the contact number of 07281712585. It will take you from all saints church to La tasca. Anything else?
That is all I need, thank you, goodbye!
excellent, have a great day!
I'm looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital with a haematology day unit.
Addenbrookes Hospital has a Haematology Day Unit. The number for the unit is 01223348169.
Thanks, can I also get the postcode?
The postcode is CB20QQ.
I think you have given me all that I need.
Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to dine that serves sri lankan food in the centre. 
There are not any restaurants serving Sri Lankan food in the centre of town. Should I check another type of food?
Yes, are there any options for Italian food in the centre?
There are 9 Italian restaurants in the center. Do you have a preferred price range?
I'd like the address, phone number and postcode for one of the cheap restaurants, please.
Pizza Hut City Centre is located at Regent Street City Centre, cb21ab. The phone number is 01223323737. Could I be of further assistance?
I'm looking for entertainment spots to visit near the restaurant. What kinds of things are there to do?
I have a lot of attractions to choose from in the centre. Perhaps you would be interested in visiting a church?
I'm interested in entertainment activities. Are there any theaters in the area of the restaurant?
There are four theatres near the centre. They are: adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, and the cambridge corn exchange.
Can you tell me about colleges in the center of town?
There are 13 colleges in the centre of town. Some of them have free entrance and some of them charge a fee. 
Give me your recommendation for a college with a free entrance fee. Please include a phone number too.
I've heard great things about Hughes Hall.  Their entrance fee is free.  Would you like more information about them?
Can I get their phone number please
Hughes hall's phone number is 01223334898. Is there anything else you need?
Is there an entrance fee?
No. It is free to tour Hughes Hall.
Okay thank you for your help.
You are welcome! Is there anything else I can assist you with? 
No, that's all I need. Thanks for your help. 
Thank you. Have a great day, goodbye.
I need to take a train to cambridge on tuesday.
ok, what are your travel times?
It doesn't matter when I leave, as long as the train arrives in Cambridge by 17:45
May I please get your place of departure?
I'm going to be leaving birmingham new street and need to arrive by 17:45
Okay. The TR0749 meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking?
Not at this time but can you also find me an architecture attraction in the centre of town.
I'd recommend all saints church. Would you like more information on it?
Please give me the telephone number,email address, address and admission fee for All Saint Church?
They offer free entrance. They are located on Jesus Lane. Phone number is 0122345287. Unfortunately, they do not provide us with email addresses. Anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
You're welcome. Thank you for using our services. Have a great day!
Hi. Can you help me find a restaurant?
Sure. Are you interested in a particular type of food or a particular area of town?
Yes, i am looking for a Panasian restaurant in the centre of town. 
I don't have anything in that area. Can I try another area?
How about something that serves Modern European food?
We have moderan european restaurants in the centre of town.  What price range would you like to stay in?
Moderate price range please
How about the riverside brasserie located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambrdige Granta Place Mill Lane?
I would like it to serve modern Eupoean. 
yes, it is a modern european restaurant. do you want a table reserved?
no just give me the postcode and phone number
Their phone number is 01223259988, and the postcode is cb21rt.
Thank you.  I'm also looking for a train.  Needs to leave on Saturday and arrive by 14:45.
I need more information on the destination and the departure, please. 
i will be going from cambridge to stevenage. 
The earliest train leaves 05:21 and the last one leaves at 13:21. They all have a travel time of 49 minutes.
Book whatever for 7 people. 
You are booked on TR6998. Your reference number is ZPA4M12D. The total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station. Is there something else I can help you with?
No thank you! That will be all! Have a great day! Bye!
have a nice day, goodbye!
Can you search for a guesthouse that includes free wifi?
We have 23 such places. Any preference on area?
No, that doesn't matter, but I'd like something in the moderate price range.
There are 14 options. How about the Avalon? It has 4 stars and free parking and wifi.
That sounds perfect. Can I book it for 5 nights starting on Monday for 3 people?
The Avalon doesn't have room for 5 nights starting Monday. How about a different day or a shorter stay? 
Let's try 4 nights.
Avalon is available for four nights starting on Monday. Your reference number is 59GZA6ME. Can I do anything else for you?
No, that's all I needed. Thanks for your help today!
You are welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to go in Cambridge.  Perhaps an architecture attraction.
There are 5 architecture attractions in the centre. WIll one of those work?
Yeah, could you recommend me one?
Holy Trinity church is beautiful.
Could you tell me what area it's in, and if there's an entrance fee?
It is in the centre of town.
Is there an entrance fee?
No, they have free entry there. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can I get some help finding a train to Peterborough on Thursday?
There are many trains to peterborough. What is your departure station and what time do you want to depart/arrive?
I will be leaving from cambridge and leave anytime after 13:00
Do you have a time that you could like to arrive by?
any time on thursday.
How about the 13:34 that would arrive at 14:24? 
Sounds perfect.  Can you book one ticket please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : IKYS7R5R. Can i help you with anything else today?
Thanks for your help with the train and attraction. Those were my concerns. Goodbye.
Glad to be of service to you.  Have a great day! 
Need a hostel, free parking and in the north please.
I have found 11 results for places in the north that have free parking, would you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I would prefer a hotel with a 4 star rating.
There is nothing that fits that criteria, can I look up something else?
It can be a guesthouse or a hotel. Does that open up my options?
I have 7 different options. I have all different price ranges. Do you have a preference? 
Any one of them would be fine. Can I get the post code and phone number?
The acorn guesthouse is at 154 chesterton road postcode cb41da. Their phone is 01223353888. Can I make you a reservation?
Yes please make a reservation.  
How many people do you need the booking for?
Just one person please.
What day would you like your reservation to begin, and how long would you like to stay?
Actually, I need to know, does the Acorn guesthouse have internet?
Yes it does! Free parking too.
Great! I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same area as the hotel that serves expensive french food.
Restaurant Two Two is an expensive french restaurant on the north side. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, I don't need a reservation. I could use the address, postcode and phone number though. 
Restaurant Two Two's phone number is 01223351880, the address is 22 Chesterton Road Chesterton, and the postcode is cb43ax.
Great. Thanks for all your help! 
Thank you and enjoy your visit to cambridge.
What attractions are there in northern Cambridge?
In the north there are the following attractions: boat, park, and 2 swimming pools. Would you like more information on any of these?
Yes, can I get the postcode and phone number for the pools? 
Jesus Green Outdoor pool's postcode is cb43px and their phone number is 01223302579. Kings Hedges Learner pool's postcode is cb42xh and their phone number is 01223353248. Anything else?
Yes I am also looking for a train. 
Where will you be traveling to and from?
I am leaving cambridge and should leave on sunday
And what is your destination?
Bishops stortford. I'd like to arrive by 21:45. Can you give me the train ID please?
TR6072 leaves Cambridge at 19:29 on Sunday and arrives in Bishop Stortford at 20:07. The cost is 8.08 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thanks, I was gathering information.  That actually takes care of my needs, thanks for your help.  
Thank you for using the Cambridge TowneInfo Center.  Goodbye. 
Could you help me with some information about places I can go in town?
Do you have a particular attraction or type of attraction in mind? We have boats, colleges, and a great deal of architecture. 
I want to go to a museum.
I have several museums available.  What part of town would you like?
Please focus your search to the west.
I would recommend the Lynne Strover Gallery.  Admission is free.
plese get me the phone number and address
The phone number is 01223295264 and the address is 23 high street, fen ditton.  What else can I do for you?
Yes I need a place to stay that is a hotel that is moderate and I need it for 5 nights for 1 person from Tuesday.
Okay what area would you like to stay in?
I need the reference number too. I am not particular as to where, as long as it is near Cambridge.
Is parking and free wifi important to you?
I would prefer it to include both. Thanks for asking.
There are over a dozen to choose from. Are you looking for a particular star rating? Do you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel? 
I have no preference.  Please make a recommendation and book a room for me. 
Okay I recommend the acorn guesthouse. Is it okay to book there?
If the acorn guesthouse is in the moderate range with wifi and parking, please book the above nights for me, please.
Okay! I have booked you and your reference number is 5X4PO32W.
Thanks, take care.
Can I look up anything else for you?
No thank you that is all. 
Your welcome, enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
I am looking for an Indian restaurant that is in a cheap price range
There are 4 such restaurants, 3 in the centre and 1 in the north. Which area do you prefer?
I prefer one in the centre, and would like to reserve a table for 2 at 13:45 on Friday. Please forward me the reference number once it is booked.
Booking was successful at Kohinoor. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your Reference number is : MP6JC0PA.
Excellent. I'm also looking to depart from birmingham new street by train the same day as the restaurant. Is that possible?
I have 10 trains departing after the time of your reservation leaving on the :40 of the hour starting at 14:40 to 23:40. Would you like me to book one?
Are those going to cambridge? Because I really really need to arrive by 10:45.
There are 5 departing on that day by the restaurant with you arriving by 10:45. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
yes please book two tickets and I need my reference number as well. 
Great, I was able to get you two tickets, your reference number is: F4SQSPAE and are payable at the station. Anything else today?
No thank you, you have been very helpful! And have a wonderful day!
Happy to be of service. Enjoy the rest of your day!
Can you find a theater to go to in town?
Sure, do you have an area of town you would like to visit?
No, I'm not concerned about that.
Adc theatre is in the centre of town
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a restaurant in the south. It should be expensive. 
There are 5 locations. Do you have a food preference?
How about chinese food?
There are 2 options that meet your criteria. Personally, I would recommend the Peking Restaurant at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. 
Perfect, would you be able to book that for me?
for how many people and time please?
Actually, I will book it myself.  May I please get Peking Restaurant's phone number and postcode?
The phone number is 01223354755 and the post code is cb28nx.
Thanks. Could I get the address as well please?
10 Homerton Street City Centre. What else may I do?
That's all I need, thanks very much.
You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Goodbye.
Hi, I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of cambridge please.
Certainly, there are many expensive restaurants in the town centre. What type of food do you prefer? 
I am looking to eat some mediterranean food.
I have two great choices for you. La Mimosa and the Shiraz Restaurant. Can I offer you more information on one of these two? 
Sure, can I get the postcode, phone number, and address for La Mimosa, please?
Absolutely. La Mimosa is located at Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton. The postcode is cb58aq. Their phone number is 01223362525. Can I assist you in making a reservation?
No thank you!!  Thank you for all your help.
Is there any other information I can get for you at this time?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye.
Goodbye, have a wonderful day!
Please find me a place in the South that serves Chinese food
I have 3 choices of chinese restaurants. 2 are more expensive and there is 1 option that is cheaper. Do you have a preference? 
Yes, I would like the one in the cheap price range.
The Lucky Star is a chinese restaurant in the south in the cheap price range.
Sounds good. What is the address and phone number?
The address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton, the phone number is 01223244277. Would you like to book a table? Or is there anything else I can help with?
I need to take a train that arrives by 15:00 on sunday.
I found 198 trains. where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
Great, and where are you traveling to?
I need to get to Leicester.
There's one that departs at 12:21. Would you like to take that train?
YEs can you book that for me please?
Yes I can, how many tickets would you like me to book for you? 
I actually just need the departure time please.
The train will leave at 12:21. Do you need any other information? 
No, thank you very much.
you are welcome
Okay. Well goodbye then.
Thank you for calling and have a nice day. Goodbye.
Could you help me find a place for entertainment? Something on the east side of town. 
Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds is on the east side of town, would you like their phone number? 
Actually, can I get the address and postcode?
Yes, it's Cherry Hinton Road, cb18dw. 
Can you tell me what the entrance fee is? 
I'm sorry, the entrance fee isn't listed in my system.
OK, then that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!
Thank you, if you need anything else let me know.Good Bye.
Can you help me find a college located in the centre. I seemed to have misplaced the information on it.
There are sveral colleges in the centre. Do you remember the name? 
I do not. Could I have the addresses for all of them and the entrance fees?
I would recommend Downing College on Regent Street.  It has free admission.  There are a number of others, but that is the one I would suggest.
That sounds fantastic. Could I get the address?
Address, post code first is cb21dq	regent street. May I help you with any thing else?
Yes, I am also looking for a train that leaves Stansted Airport on Friday and arrives in Cambridge by 21:00.
There are 15 trains that match those requirements. Is there any time you want to leave?
I'll take whatever the last train is that will get me there before 21:00. If you can just give me the train ID please. Thanks. 
Sure, that would be train TR5097 and it arrives at 20:52.
Great!  Thank you so much for your help.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No thanks. That will be all. Goodbye. 
It's been a pleasure. Goodbye. 
I'd like to find information for the restaurant called The Missing Sock. 
The missing sock serves cheap international food and is in the east. Would you like more information?
No, that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.  Be sure to contact us whenever you need reservations.
I'd like to find a place to go in the center of town.
How about great saint mary's church?
Ok, what's the address and postcode?
Market Square, town center. Post code cb23pq. Anything else?
Yes, I also need to book a train for Monday.  Can you help me with that? 
You are looking for a train to Cambridge, correct? Where will you be traveling from? 
I will be travelling from Cambridge actually and going to London Kings Cross. 
What day will you be traveling?
I would like to leave on Monday.
And at what time would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive by 20:00. Could I get the price please?
I have one that arrives at 19:51 and another at 17:51. Both cost 23.60 pounds. Do you have a preference?
No preference. You choose. Thanks!
How many tickets would you like? 
Just for myself, please.
I have booked you a ticket on TR7786 for 23.60 pounds. The train leaves Cambridge at 19:00. Your reference number is ISAH5018. Can I help you further?
Thank you. That is all for today. Goodbye
Have a great trip.
hi I want a train to Ely arrived by 13:45, can you help me do that?
What time do you want to depart?
Any time is fine as long as it's on Saturday.
There is only one train that would meet your criteria closely and it leaves at 11:50 and arrives  in Ely at 12:07. may I book that for you?
Yes, please. I will need 8 tickets, and please give me the reference number once you book.
First, may I confirm that your departure site is Cambridge?
That is correct.
I have successfully booked you 8 tickets. Your reference number is 0YY5WZQ6. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a Thai restaurant in the moderate price range.
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
What about a restaurant that serves european food? I'd like the phone no. and postcode to that, please.
There are 5 places that serve European. Did you prefer modern European, or just European food in general?
Just european food in general, please.
How about the Galleria? Their phone number is 01223362054 and the address is 33 Bridge Street, the postcode is cb21uw 
Sounds lovely. Thank you so much for all of your help!
Thank you for using this system.
I'm looking for a moderately priced, 1-star place to stay.
I have many options. Do you have a preference for the area you would like to stay in.
The area doesn't matter. I would like free wifi though, if possible.
Unfortunately we do not have any moderately priced 1 star hotels in Cambridge.  I'm sorry!  Cityroomz has 0 stars in the centre, does that work?
Not really, how about 4 star?
There are several moderate 4-star places to stay throughout town, but they are all guesthouses. Would a guesthouse work for you?
Do they also have free parking?
acorn guest house does have free parking,would you like that one?
Yes. I also need to find a place to dine that is in the center and the same price range as the hotel.
Would you like me to reserve the acorn guest house for you?
No, I don't need a hotel booking at this time. I'd like to find a place to dine on Sunday.
Dojo Noodle Bar is a nice cn I book you a table ?
I would like a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Do you think you could find one for me?
What part of town would you like to stay in?
I have no preference, but the guesthouse should include free parking.
Acorn guest house meets all your needs, would you like to book that?
That's perfect. I would like to book it for 1 person. It needs to be for 4 nights beginning Saturday.
I'm sorry, but the Acorn Guest House doesn't have those dates available. Would you like to try for a different day or shorter stay?
Yes, please try booking for 2 nights.
Your booking for 2 nights at the Acorn Guesthouse was a success! Your reference number is R4ES2ZFT. What else can I do for you today?
Are there any attractions to see in town?  I'm interested in going to a museum if any exist.
We have 79 museums listed. Would you like a certain area of town?
Which is your favorite museum? If you'll get me their postcode, entrance fee, and phone number, I'll give them a call.
I would recommend the Broughton House Gallery.  It has a free entrance.
Ok, that sounds great.
The postcode is cb11ln and address is 98 King Street.  The phone number there is 01223314960.  Anything else?
Yes, I'd like to get a taxi from the hotel to the museum please. 
When do you want to leave?
I'd like to leave the Acorn by 5:00 if possible.
Your taxi booking was a success! The taxi will be a red Lexus with contact number 07432305998.
Okay great! That is all I need. Thank you.
I am happy to have helped.  Thank you, have a nice day.  Good bye.
I am looking for information about a particular restaurant in Cambridge that people are talking about. It is named saint johns chop house. 
Yes, people are talking about it. Saint John's Chop House is a moderately-priced restaurant in the west part of town that serves British food. Would you like to book a table?
No, thank you. I just need the area and phone number. 
They are located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street, postcode cb30ad and phone number 01223353110.
I am also looking for  places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of theatre
there is adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre,	mumford theatre and the cambridge corn exchange theatre, which one could you prefer?
Pick one for me. I do meed address and entrance fee information, please.
How about ADC Theatre on park street, cb58as? 
Sounds good. What is the entrance fee?
we don't have that information with us 
Alright. That's everything I needed. Thanks.
Are you certain you do not need anything else?
That would be all Thank you
Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy your stay.
I'm looking for a train that goes to kings lynn and departs from cambridge.
Okay, do you know the day you want to travel?
Yes, I need to leave on Sunday and arrive at Kings Lynn by 08:45 for a meeting.
TR3626 arrives Sunday at 7:58 am before your meeting.  Would you like that one?
Please book that for 4 people. Can i get the reference number please?
Reference number is : F756LTGZ.I have you booked then, train leaves at 07:11. Anything else?
I need to book at a hotel called home from home.
home from home is in the moderate price range. How many people should I book it for?
Please book for 4 people starting Friday for 2 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : ES30I9EC. Will you need anything else?
Nope, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help. Goodbye!
Glad to have been of service, have a great day!
I'd like to find some expensive Mexican cuisine.
chiquito restaurant bar is an expensive restaurant in the south. Would you like me to book it?
Sure that would be great.
Okay, is there a particular day and time that would work for you?
Yes I would like it made for Wednesday for 7 people at 18:30 please.
Booked! Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Reference number is C3HMWGUS.
That's great. Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's it for now. Thanks.
Enjoy your dinner. Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
I'm traveling to cambridge and I was hoping you could find me a train on tuesday that arrives by 13:30. 
Where would you be departing from? 
I am leaving from Stevenage
There is a train departing Stevenage on Tuesday that arrives in Cambridge by 12:43. Would you like me to book that for you?
When is the departure time?
It leaves at 11:54. Is there anything else?
Yes, Can you book that for me and send me a reference number?
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I need to find a French restaurant. 
There are two. Restaurant Two Two and Cote. Would you like me to book either of those for you?
Please book Cote for me.
What day would you like to go and at what time? How many people will be in your party?
Sorry, I got ahead of myself. I want a french restaurant but it must be in the moderate price range. Do either of those options match?
They are both in the expensive price range. Would you like to find another?
Yes, search for asian oriental food instead then please. 
How about Yippee Noodle bar, it's the only one that is moderately priced.
What's their address?
Yippee noodle bar is located at 40428 King Street City Centre in the centre area. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you. I am actually all set now. Thanks, and bye!
Have a great stay in Cambridge.
I'd like a train leaving from Cambridge on Sunday, please.
I can do that for you! Is there a particular destination, or even an arrival or departure time you need?
Going to norwich. Arrive by 17:00. 
TR4969 will get you to Norwich by 10:55.  Would you like me to book it for you?
I need the price, travel time, and train ID.
Certainly.  The price is 14.08 pounds and the travel time is 79 minutes	.
Thanks. I also need a hotel with a star of 4 in the west.
I have 2 choices in that area. Would you like those addresses?
Do any of those choices include free parking and in the expensive price range?
The huntingdon marriott hotel meets your needs. Do you want me to book it?
Yes please, for 2 people for 4 nights.
What day would you like to book the room for?
Wednesday. Could I get the reference number as well?
OK, I've got your booking confirmed. Your reference number is SDGKFOMN. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you so much. I think that's all I need for today. Take care. Bye. 
Have a great day.
Hello, I'm looking for places to go that is a type of entertainment. 
I would be happy to help with that. Is there a certain area of town you would prefer to visit? 
No, I'm open to suggestions.
The funky fun house is located in the east and is quite funky and fun.
How much is the entrance fee for Funky Fun House? Also, I will need the address and phone number. Also, I need to book a cheap restaurant in the center.
I don't show the entrance fee. The address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the phone is 01223304705.
I also need an Italian restaurant please.
There are 15 restaurants. Do you have a location or price point?
I would like a cheap restaurant in the centre area.  
There are 3. Pizza hut city centre, ask, or zizzi Cambridge. Which one sounds good to you?
Any of them would do. Can you book me a table on Tuesday at 11:30 for 5 people?
Not a problem, I have five of you booked for zizzi cambridge at 11:30 on Tuesday. Your reference number is YXGPLZ55. Is there anything else today? 
I need a taxi to take me between the two place.  Can you help?
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a yellow BMW. If you need to contact the company, their phone number is 07372392556. Anything else? 
No, that's all. Thanks for all your help.
You're welcome. Please call again.
Thank you, I will. Goodbye.
Goodbye and have a nice night.
I'm looking for a place called gonville hotel.
The Gonville is an elegant 3 star hotel in the centre of town, offering free wifi and free parking. Would you like a reservation or the number?
reservation, please. 1 person for 2 nights starting on tuesday.
All set. Your reference number is  P10CUJQ2.
Thank you. I also need a place to eat in the city centre. 
Ok.  What type of restaurant are you interested in?
I'm looking for a cheap Indian restaurant.
Can I recommend the kohinoor. Shall I book it ?
What is the phone number, address, and postcode?
Kohinoor restaurant  address is 74 Mill Road City Centre,  postcode is cb12as and the phone number is 01223323639
Can you please help me get a taxi?
I need to know when you want to leave and arrival time in order for me to order you a taxi.
I want to leave the hotel by 08:15 going to the restaurant.
blue skoda Contact number	:	07053589039  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Great. Have a good day.
I'm so hungry! Can you find me a really great modern european restaurant? Money is no object!
Darrys cookhouse and wine shop looks good, would you like to book there?
I am a little tight on money, do you know the price range?
It is the expensive price range.
That's fine.  I'd like to know if it's in the centre of town.  If so, I need a table for Sunday.  
Yes, it's in the centre of town.  What time would you like to book the table for on Sunday? 
Can you book a table for 1 at 11:00 on sunday?
I have made those reservations your reference is XZOJ853X.
Thank you so much! I'm also looking for parks to see. Can you help me with this?
Yes I have several. Where would you like it to be?
I am not particular but could I have an address for a popular one?
Sure thing, the address is fen causeway
You have been a great help. Thank you so much. Goodbye.
Have a great day!
I am looking for Basque food, in the Centre of town. 
I am sorry but there are no matching records found. Can I help you with something else?
Any restaurants in the centre area with an expensive price range?
There are 33 restaurants with that criteria. Would you like to narrow your search? 
Do any of them serve Italian cuisine?
Yes, 4. stazione restaurant and coffee bar, clowns cafe, don pasquale pizzeria, and caffe uno.
Caffe Uno sounds good. Could you book a table for 5 people at 19:30 on monday?
It is unavailable for that time. Would you like to try another time or place?
How about another restaurant in the same area and price range?
I was able to book you at another Italian place by the name of Clowns Caafe, your reference number is BAOHHC1Z, is there anything else that i can assist with?
No that will be all. Thanks for your help.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day!
Hi there. Real quick. Having a blast. I want a REALLY good restaurant not too far from my hotel. What do you have? 
I'll be happy to help- but I need to know what region your hotel is in first.
I'm in the centre of town.
We have a lot of restaurants available in the city centre.  Do you prefer a certain type of food?
I have no food preference, but I would prefer an expensive restaurant.
The Bedouin is an African restaurant that offers a high quality experience. Would you be interested? 
Yes. Please book for 7 people on Thursday at 12:30.
I have made that reservation for you. Your reference number is K7HFUCR6. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am also looking for an attraction in the same area I will eat. 
I have about 44 different attractions in the centre of town. Lots of architecture, colleges, boating, cinemas, concerthalls, museums, nightclubs, swimming pools, and theatres. What interests you? 
Can you recommend a place?
I like great saint mary's church.  Need some info on it?
Yes, how much is the entrance fee for st. mary's church?
Great Saint Mary's Church is located in Market Square, cb23pq and the entrance fee is 2 pounds. Would you like a booking? 
No thank you that will be all
It was my pleasure. Have a good evening. 
I need to find a place to eat in Centre.
There are many restaurants in centre. Did you have a specific price range or cuisine style you prefer?
moderate and British please. 
Restaurant one seven looks good and is British in the moderate price range.
Great! Can I book a table for one at 13:45 on Thursday?
Booking was successful they will hold the table for 15 minutes and the reference number is QJMICCEY. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes.  I am also looking for a train departing from cambridge.
Ok what time will you be departing from cambridge? What is your destination?
My destination is kings lynn and I need to arrive by 18:15. 
There are quite a few trains that will arrive at the time. What time would you prefer to depart?
What's the last train that gets to Kings Lynn by 18:15 Friday?
That would be train TR9226. It arrives at 17:58.
What time does that train depart?
It departs at 17:11.
Perfect. Please book that train for one person.
I was able to book it, reference number is I4012ZAZ.
I actually didn't need that booked just yet, but that will probably save me some time, so thanks! That's all I needed.
Great! Have a good trip.
What's a good museum to go to in cambridge?
There are 23 museums in Cambridge. What parts of town are you willing to travel to?
I will go to any part.
I recommend visiting the Byard Art museum in the south. It's free to get in. Their address is 14 King's Parade.
What is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223464646, postcode cb21sj and located at 14 king's parade.  Admission is free!  Can I help with anything else today?
Yes please, I am looking for a hotel that has 4 stars and is guesthouse. Preferably in the east with free wifi.
There are 6 guesthouses that meet your requirements. Do you prefer a cheap or moderate price range?
That doesn't matter. You can just recommend one and then help me with a booking please
May I have how many guest ?
4 people. Starting saturday, 3 nights.
Will you need free parking?
That's not necessary at all. Thanks.
Great.  Thanks for letting us help you!
Can you help me find a hotel in the north that is moderately priced?
I have two hotels, would you like me to book one?
Do either of them have free wifi and parking?  It is critical that I have internet and a parking spot. 
Yes, both the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge have free wifi and parking.  
Can you book the Ashley Hotel for me? 4 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.
I have those reservations made for you.  Your reference number is 732E0LHX.
I am also looking for a train that departs from stansted airport and heads to cambridge.
Of course! When would you like to travel?
Wednesday also.  I can't leave until after 15:15 though.
TR1342 leaves at 16:24 and arrives by 16:52. Does that work for you?
Possibly, I'll have to confirm with my husband later.  Can you tell me what the travel time is for that train?  And the price as well?
The price is 10.10  and it takes 28 minutes.
Thank you. That's all I need today.
Thank you for contacting us today, have a good night. 
I would like you to help me find a train departure. The train should leave on thursday and arrive at cambridge.
Where will you be leaving from?
From Bishops Stortford after 15:00
Alright, would you like me to make a booking for you?
No, I just need the train ID and arrival time
I'm sorry, there are no trains that day.  Would you like to try another day?
I think you should try again. Cambridge to Bishop Stafford on Thursday. 
I have 5 trains.  They depart 15:29, 17:29, 19:29, 21:29, 23:29. They are all 38 mins travel duration.
PLease give me the info for a train meeting the above listed criteria. 
Train# TR7759 departing from Cambridge at 15:29 arrives in Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Can I help you with anything else? 
I'm also looking for a place to stay. The hotel should include free parking and should include free wifi.
There are about 8 choices. Did you want a certain area or price range? 
area and price are of no concern to me as long as the guesthouse has free parking and free wifi
Ok! I suggest the Archway House. Would you like a room book?
Sure, thanks, for 6 people, for 2 nights, starting Thursday, please!
We have you set at Archway house. Reference number is P1FFCU2Z
Ok thank you for your help. 
Can I look up anything else?
No that is it. Thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
Can you help me find some entertainment in Cambridge?
There are many things to do in Cambridge; clubs, museums, churches, boating etc. What would you like to do? 
I don't care but I need the area, entrance fee, and postcode of entertainment available in town.
I'd recommend All Saints Church in the centre. Their postcode is cb58bs and they have free entrance. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking for a place to dine.  Can you recommend a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves Swiss food?
I'm sorry, there are no Swiss restaurants in the area.  Do you have another kind in mind that I could assist with?
How about British food?
I have several restaurants which serve British food in different areas of the town. Is there an area you prefer?
I'm sorry I did not want British food.  Are there any chinese restaurants instead located in the centre area?
Yes, I have found 4. Ugly duckling, tang chinese, hk fusion and sesame restaurant and bar. Would you like any of these?
Which is your favorite? Can you get me the address, postcode, and phone number? I'll give them a call myself. 
i would recommend the sesame restaurant and bar the address is 17 Hills Road City Centre, cb21nw. phone number is 01223358899. is there anything else i can assist with?
No that is all. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm exhausted. Can you find me a guesthouse somewhere on the east side of town?
Sure. There are both moderate and cheap priced guesthouses in this area. Which would you prefer?
It doesn't matter, and I don't need internet access.
If you have no particular requirements, you might like the Autumn House, which is an inexpensive 4 star guest house on the East side.
Does it include free internet?
Yes it does.
I want to book it for one person, four nights starting on Sunday. 
You can rest now, your reference number is BQ8VSRRZ. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I can't rest yet.  I still need a train.  I am traveling from Cambridge to London liverpool street.  Can you help me out?
Absolutely.  First, I need a few more details.  What day will you be traveling?
I'd need to leave on thursday and arrive by 14:30. 
There are 5 trains that meet those requirements.  TR5504 would have you arrive by 13:27.  Can I help you buy a ticket?
Yes please for one. I will also need a reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number: 9COW8ZI5. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, that is all, thank you. 
Fantastic! Have a good day.
I'm looking for a theatre in the center of town, please.
There are 4 theatres located in the centre of Cambridge. They are ADC Theatre, Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre and The Cambridge Corn Exchange
What is the entrance fee and address of the ADC Theatre?
ADC Theatre is located on park street. I am unsure of the entrance fee. 
Alright that's fine. Can I get a train that departs from London Liverpool Street and arrives there by 19:30?
Is this for today? 
I would like to leave on Sunday please.
There are 7 trains to cambridge that will arrive before 19:30. TR82260 arrives at 19:07 and departs at 17:39.Would you like to book this train?
I don't need to book right now. I just need the trainID and the ticket price, please.
Sure, the price for TR8260 is 13.28 GBP per ticket. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you, that will be all.
Okay, have a good day. Goodbye.
Do you know of the Parkside Police Station?
It's address is 	Parkside, Cambridge with Postcode CB11JG 
Thank you, what is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223358966.  Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's it. Thank you.
You are most welcome!
I need to find a train leaving Cambridge after 12:15.
Okay. What is the destination?
That will be London King's Cross, and I'll be travelling on Tuesday.
TR0315 is the first train out after 12:15. It departs at 13:00 and arrives at King's Cross at 13:51. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, I need 6 of them.
That booking was successful and your reference number is A7PJEHZW.
I also need a hotel. Do not need Free Parking. 
I have about 3 guesthouses and 1 hotel to choose from. Is there an area that you would like to stay in?
I need something in the south area.
I'm sorry there are no guesthouses in the south. Would you like a different area or a hotel instead?
Maybe try one with free parking. 
rosa's bed and breakfast is super cheap, has free parking though, but it is a 4 star. Would you like to book it?
That would be fine. Can you book that for the same group of people for 2 nights starting on sunday. 
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 9VM0WVB8. Will that be all?
Thank you, that will be all. good bye.
I hope you enjoy your stay!
Can you help me find a nice hotel? I'd like to stay somewhere on the west side of town. A 0 star rating would be great, too.
We don't have anything matching that criteria. Do you have something else in mind?
How about something in or very close to west Cambridge with a 1 star rating and free wifi?
Regretfully, my system isn't showing any 1 star hotels on the west side with free wifi.
Actually, try to see if there is one with a 4-star rating, not 1 star.  
Huntington Marriott Hotel is very nice.
Yes, that would be a good choice. Can let me know their phone number, whether they have free parking, and address?
yes they do have freee parking. they are at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.phone number is 01480446000
Great thank you.  Can you also help me find a train to london kings cross?
I have several trains that meet your criteria. Where will you be departing from and what day will you be traveling?
I'll leave from cambridge on sunday. And I want to arrive no later than 11:15
I have train TR7423, it arrives at 05:51. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes book 3 tickets for me and then give me a reference number for that booking
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 56.64 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is: OB34HA2U. Can i help you with anything else today? 
No thank you. That was it!
thanks and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Hi, on Tuesday I need to leave Cambridge by train. Can you help me with the arrangements?
What destination will you be traveling to?
The train should leave after 10:15 and should go to peterborough 
Will you be travelling alone or in a party?
I haven't decided yet. What time will the train reach the station in Peterborough?
If you leave Cambridge at 10:34, you should arrive in Peterborough at 11:24.
welcome. at your service next time
Do you need any further assistance?
That is all I needed today.
Thank you for using our services.
Hi, I need a taxi to gourmet burger kitchen going from hamilton lodge!
When would you like to get there by?
I want to leave after 4:00. 
When would you like to arrive?
It doesn't matter, I just want to leave after 4:00.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	grey ford Contact number	:	07789662806
Thank you so very much.  I am finished.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre!
Hello! I'm staying in Cambridge for the first time and I'm looking for places to go that are near me. Can you help me find multiple sports?
There is one multiple sports attraction in Cambridge and it is in the east area:  The cherry hinton village centre.
Bummer, are there any nightclubs in the city centre instead?
There are 5 nightclubs. Club Salsa is my favorite at 1 station road.
Great can I get the phone number, postcode, and entrance fee please?
It's 5 pounds to enter. Their phone number is 07782218745 and the postcode is cb12jb. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you! Can you also help me find a cheap place to stay while I am there?
No problem, do you want to stay in the centre as well? 
No, but I'd like a guesthouse of the 4 star range that offers free WiFi.
How does the alexander bed and breakfast sound? It's in the city centre. It has free internet and free parking. 
It sounds good! Can you book for 5 people and 5 nights starting from Saturday?
I have booked it, and the reference number is 4ARUOMK7. Anything else I can do for you? 
Yes, I need a taxi from the hotel to the nightclub, I want ot leave the hotel by 13:30
Okay, look for a yellow honda contact #07601477512 Anything else I can do for you?
No that's alls I needed.
You are welcome.  Goodbye.
Hello, I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Eritrean food. 
There is not a restaurant serving Eritrean food listed. Would you like something else?  
Yes, are there any restaurants that serve italian food?
There are five cheap restaurants that serve Italian food. What area would you like to search?
I do not have a preference. 
Ask is a cheap Italian restaurant located in the Centre part of town.
I need their address and phone number please
The phone number for Ask is 01223 364917, and they are located at 12 Bridge Street City Centre.
Great! Thank you!
You're welcome. Have a nice day! 
I am coming to visit cambridge. Would you happen to be able to find me a park to go to?
We have 5 parks! What area would you like to be in?
I don't care about the area.  Can you suggest one?
Cherry hinton water play is popular. What info would you like on it?
I would need the area and address, please.
Cherry Hinton Water Play is located in the east. The address is Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. Anything else I can do for you? 
Yes. Can you help me find a hotel? A nice 4-star place, if that's possible.
I have three 4 star hotels in my system. Would you prefer a cheap or expensive one? Also is there any other criteria you are looking for ?
Do you have a hotel that is in the south with free parking?
No, unfortunately. Please consider other areas.
How about guesthouse style places? Are there any of those available?
Sure thing! I have two, may I recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast? It's in south, is cheap, and has four stars. 
That sounds lovely.  Please book that for 6 people for 5 nights starting Saturday. 
You are all booked. Your reference number is 4U7RJ8M6. Thank you.
Thanks for your help! 
You're welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Please help me book a taxi to nandos
Sure. What is your departure site?
I'm leaving from riverboat georgina.
Okay, and what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to leave after 09:45. 
Okay I have a yellow lexus with the contact number 07014284224.
Thank you that is all I need. 
Have a good day. Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town. What is the address?
Meghna is in the west part of town and in the moderate price range.  Their address is 205 Victoria road, Chesterton.
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant by the name of Cote. Can you find this for me and book a reservation please?
I sure can. Can I get a date and time, along with the amount of people that will be there?
We will be dining on Thursday at 13:15, and there are 4 in my party.
I was able to book you a table for four at Cote on Thursday at 13:15, Reference: 8s4q3a4d. Can I assist you further today?
Wonderful. Can you also help me find a place to visit in the east?
Is there a specific type of attraction you are looking for?
I would love to visit a boat attraction
We have one boat attraction in the east. It is camboats.
Can I have the phone number, address, and postcode?
Phone number is 01223902112, address- the plough, green end, fen ditton and a postcode of cb58sx. Thank you is there anything else I can assist you with?
Thanks, you're so helpful! I'm all done now, bye!
You are very welcome, it's a pleasure to assist you! Goodbye!
I need to take a train from cambridge to ely.
I can absolutely help you, but let's get some more information so we can book your ticket. What day and time would you like to leave? 
I'd like to travel on Monday, any time after 14:00 please.
How about train TR7177? It leaves at 15:50
Yes please book one tickets please.
Ok your reference number is: YM5XXTVS. Total is 4.4 GBP and are payable when you get to the station. 
Can you give me more info about lan hong house.
I hope you enjoy your trip! Have a great day
Ummm, thanks, but could you tell me more about the lan Hong House restaurant?
Absolutely!  Lan hong house is a moderately priced restaurant in centre.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes, I would for 6 people on Monday at 17:30. What is their phone number and food type?
There food type if Chinese, and their phone number is 01223350420.
Ok, great! That's all I needed, thank you!
You are most welcome!
Yo, I'm looking for a place to stay that's as awesome as me. four stars! It's gotta have free wifi, so I can do my social media, know what I mean?
I have many options for you - what's your price range or the area you're looking in?
I don't really have a price range. Anything is fine. I would like it to have free parking and wifi, though. And of course, 4 stars like I mentioned. 
Do you have a preference for a hotel versus a guesthouse?  
No, either will work just fine. 
How about Archway House? It's located at 52 Gilbert Road.
That's great. Can you give me the area and price range, please?
Certainly! The Archway House is in the north area and has a moderate price range.
What's its address?
It's located at 52 Gilbert Road. 
Thank you very much! 
No problem. Anything else I can do for you?
Hi, I would like to find Parkside Police Station please.
Of course, the phone number is 01223358966, the address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG. Is everything alright?
That's it. Thank you!
Great. Have a good day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge
I can definitely help you. Are you interesting in lodging, transportation, entertainment or perhaps some place to eat?
Can you tell me about an attraction called Primavera?
Primavera is a free museum in the centre, their address is 10 king s parade. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm also looking for information on trains departing from cambridge on thursday.
There are a lot of trains to choose from. Would you like to narrow it down by destination, departure time, or arrival time?
I would like to leave after 19:30 and arrive at london kings cross. 
You are booked your ref number is o2uqs7k8
I actually didn't want to book yet, but that's ok. I just needed to know how much the ticket costs. 
The price for TR0720 is 	23.60 pounds.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That is all, thank you!
I apologize for your early booking and hope you have a safe trip!
I need a train on Thursday. Find me one that leaves after 14:00
Where are you going and coming from?
I'll be leaving cambridge and arriving at bishops stortford.
May I suggest TR7759 leaving Cambridge at 15:29 and arriving at Bishops Stortford at 16:07 on Thursday.
That sounds like a winner. Book it please for 1 person.
Alright, the booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: PR07IP3C. Anything else I can get you?
I'm looking for information about pizza express Fen Ditton
Yes they are a moderately priced italian place in the centre of town, would you care for more information or a booking?
Could I get more information, including the address, postcode, and area?
The address is Jesus Lane Fen Ditton.   Postal code cb58ba.  And it is located in the centre of town.
Can you reserve it for me?
I can. Can you tell me the day, time, and number of people?
That will be all for now. Thanks for all your help! Goodbye
Thank you! Please contact if anymore assistance is required.
Can you find a restaurant the serves gastropub food and is on the east side?
There is one recommendation and that is the Royal Standard. Would you like me to provide the address and phone number?
Yes I would like you to provide me the address and phone number of that restaurant. 
Certainly, the address is 290 Mill Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223247877.
Can I book a reservation for 7 at 13:00 this Friday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes starting at 13:00. Your reference number is XU553DWZ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am also looking for a hotel called gonville hotel.
The Gonville Hotel is located at gonville place, cb11ly. The phone number is 01223366611. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please, we will check in after we eat at the Royal Standard and stay for five nights.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is X1H1FH32. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think I'm all set. Thank you for your help!
Wonderful! Glad to have been of help. Have a wonderful day!
What can you tell me about the bangkok city restaurant?
sure their phone number is 01223354382. anything else i can help you with?
Thank you! What part of town is it in?
They're in the centre of town. They are an expensive restaurant located at 24 Green Street City Centre. Would you like me to book a table for you?
yes and also looking for a train. The train should leave after 13:15 and should depart from cambridge
I'll need to know how many will be dining, the day and the time you want to dine to book the restaurant. There are several trains leaving cambridge after 13:15. 
I won't need to book a table but thank you. For the train I need to leave monday and am headed towards peterborough. 
Okay, I have the TR5901 that leaves at 13:34 and arrives at 14:24 Will that work for you?
First can I have the price and what the travel time is?
Train TR5901 has a travel time of 50 minutes and has a price of 16.50 pounds	
Can you book it for me?
How many tickets do you need?
I'm not sure how many yet. Thank you for all the information. I'll get back to you. Goodbye.
it is okey, thanks and good bye too 
I'm looking for a place to eat that is japanese that is in the mid price range please.
I'm sorry I do not have any Japanese restaurants in that price range. I do have one expensive listing. Would you be interested in that?
Yes. Where area is it located in? I need it to be in the west.
It is in the city centre.
That won't work. How about an Italian restaurant in the west that is moderately priced?
Prezzo is an Italian restaurant in the west part of town with a moderate price range. Would you like to book a table?
Yes I would like to book a table for 2 people at 11:00 on Friday.
I have booked a table for 2 people at 11:00 on Friday at Prezzo.
Hi! I am looking for a train that arrives by 11:30 on Friday. 
I have 122 trains that are arriving by 11:30. Do you know where the train is coming from?
The train should depart from Bishops Stortford and should go to Cambridge.
TR2083 leaves Bishops Stortford at 09:29 on Friday and arrives in Cambridge at 10:07.  Would you like to purchase tickets?
Yes please.  I will need 5 seats.
Ok, your booking is complete! The total is 50.5 GBP and is payable at the station.  Your confirmation number is RGOWFL51
Great.  I am also looking for suggestions on places to go in the centre of town.  Can you help me with that?
I show 44 attractions in  the centre area.   Is there a specific type you would prefer?
Do you have any multiple sports?
There are no attractions matching that description. Would you like me to search for parks in the area?
Do you have any architecture attractions
Yes many. All Saints Church is a famous one with no entrance fee.
That sounds great, plus it's free. Can I book that for 5 please?
Attractions are one thing we can't book for you, unfortunately. Is there anything else you need today?
Can you please give me the phone number and post code for All Saints Church then?
All Saints Church phone is 01223452587. Their postcode is cb58bs. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That should be all I need.  Thanks for your help.
You're welcome. Have a great time!
I need to find a train that leaves on Saturday and arrives by 08:45
Can you tell me what your departure city and destination are? 
I'll be leaving Cambridge to get to Ely.
TR5344 arrives by 7:50. Does that work for you?
Yes, can you book that for 7?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.64 GBP payable at the station, you reference number is NUECBTHH. Will that be all?
Are there anything fun to do in city centre?
My favorite attraction in the centre of the city is a concert hall called Man on the Moon. It is amazing! They are at 2 Norfolk Street. 
what is their postcode?
cb12lf. Is there anything else you need?
That's it.  Thank you.
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
I'm writing an article on places in cambridge with no stars. Can you help me find a place to stay that has free wifi?
There are three places that meet those specifications: City Centre North B&B, El Shadda and Cityroomz. How else can I help you?
Are any of these hotels in the expensive price range?
I'm sorry, there aren't any in the expensive range. Cityroomz is in the moderate range, the others are in the cheap range, are you interested in any of those?
Are there any expensive hotels that have 4 stars?
Oh yes indeed, 21 in fact! Do you want to visit all of them for your article, or would you like to narrow it down some more?
Do any of the locations you have found offer free parking?
Almost all of them have free parking.
Ok, is there one that you would recommend?
My apologies, there are only two 4 star hotels in the expensive category, the Huntingdon Marriot Hotel and the University Arms Hotel. The University Arms seems to be popular choice.
Ok, I also want to find a train from cambridge to peterborough on sunday please i want to be there by 13:00.
Sure, I booked you 1 ticket. The train arrives at 12:56 and departs at 12:06 on Sunday. It comes to 13.20 pounds and the train ID number is TR8517
Where is the hotel located?
Huntingdon is kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park and University Arms is Regent street. 
What area of town is the hotel in?
Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is located in the west part of town and the University Arms Hotel is located in the centre would you like me to book a room at one?
Does it have free parking?
Both hotels provide free parking. Is there anything else I can help you with? Would you like me to book a room?
That's alright. I can book it later. I'm also looking to book a train.
It looks as though your train has already been booked. The train arrives at 12:56 and departs at 12:06 on Sunday. The train ID number is TR8517.
Thank you, can you please tell me the travel time and confirming the cost is 13.20 pounds? That's all I will need.
The price is indeed 13.20 Pounds and the duration of the train ride is 50 minutes. Is there anything else you need?
No, that would be all.  Thank you.
Let me know if you need anything else.
I want to take a train to cambridge that arrives by 17:00.
Where will you be departing from?
I'll be traveling from Peterborough.
What day would you like to travel?
Oh, I forgot to mention that, sunday please.
I have train TR3782 leavinga t 5:19 and arriving at 6:09. Would you like to book that?
Not now. What's the travel time for that train?
The total travel time is 50 minutes.
I am also looking for something to do that is entertainment. 
sure! any particular part of town?
No, just give me some options I can choose from.
cherry hinton hall and grounds,	funky fun house,	tenpin, nusha,	and whale of a time	are your options
Whale of time sounds interesting what area is it in? I also need the address and phone number. 
It's on the west side of town at unit 8, viking way, bar hill. Their phone number is 01954781018. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need today.  Thanks for your help!
Yeah, anytime happy to help.
I was looking for a specific restaurant, please.
I can help you with that.  Do you know the name of it?
Yes, it;s called The Golden Curry. 
The Golden Curry is an expensive restaurant in the Centre of town, at Mill Road City Centre, CB12AZ. Their number is 01223329432. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes I need it booked for 8 people on Monday at 17:15.
I will book that for you now.
Thank you. If that one fails, Thursday would be good as well. Please provide the reference number. I also need a hotel, at least 1 star and include internet.
What area would you like the hotel to be in?
I do not mind the area. Just free wifi and I like to only have 1 star. 
i can't find any hotels that fit your criteria, i'm sorry.
Can you find me a 4 star hotel then?
There are many! Would you like a hotel, or a guesthouse?
i prefer a hotel type.
There are three available. Two are expensive and one is cheap. Do you have a preference?
Are any of them in the Centre? 
the university arms is in the centre, when are you planning your stay?
I would like to go to the hotel right after my reservation at the restaurant. 
Okay, and what time would you like the reservation for?
The restaurant reservation is at 17:15
What day would you like to dine and how many people will be with you?
I have a restaurant reservation, I need a hotel now. 1 star hotel with free wifi.
I am sorry. There restaurant reservation was not completed. You are now booked at the golden curry. The reference number is 6EF50SVX. Do you want a hotel booked, too?
Yes 8 people, 4 nights on monday.
How many days will you need the booking for?
I will need it for 4 nights. Thanks.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes and please provide the reference number.
You're all set. Your Reference number is : OI8ROWNH.
That's all I need today. Thank you so much for all your help.
My pleasure. Do you need to arrange any transportation today?
No thank you that will be all
Would you like me to book it for you ?
I need a train leaving from london kings cross.
I can help you with that what day are you wanting to leave?
I want to leave on a Tuesday.
Where will you be travelling to?
I will be traveling to cambridge.
What time do you need to depart?
whatever time that will get me there closest to 14:00.
TR7850 leaves Tuesday at 11:17 and arrives at 12:08. Will this one work for you?
Yes, that would work great.  What is the price per ticket for that train?
The tickets are 23.60 GBP each. 
i am also looking for a place to go in town
What type of place would you like to visit?
I'd like to visit a college in the south. 
Unfortunately, I don't have any colleges located in that area. Can I try a different area or attraction type?
Yes, can you look for a theatre in the south?
I have the junction theatre in the south located on clifton way. 
Could I have their phone number and address please?
Yes the Junction Theater's address is Clifton Way and their telephone number is 01223511511.
Thank you for the help, that is all I need for today.
Okay. Glad I could be of help.
Can I please book a train for Friday?
Sure, what destination would you like?
I'm going to Leicester. 
Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving from Ely no later then 17:00.
I have a train that leaves at 16:21. Would you like a booking?
Yes please can you book me one seat on that train and let me know the reference number?
actually, i believe some incorrect information was entered. i have not trains from ely to leicester on friday after 17:00. let's verify what you're looking for.
Sure, I am looking for a train going to Leicester that departs from Cambridge. It should leave after 10:30 on Friday. 
Great!  There is the TR8080 leaving Cambridge Friday at 11:21 and arriving by 13:06 in Leicester.  Is that the one you want booked?
Yes please make the booking for me for one.
OK, you have 1 ticket reserved on TR8080. The total fee is 37.79GBP, and your reference number is C317WKCR. Can I help with anything else today?
Thanks.  I am also looking for a place to go in town.  Can you recommend your favorite museum?
Sure! I love the Cambridge Artworks in the east. It's on 5 greens road and is free admission. Would you like their phone number?
Yes please and their address.
Their phone number is 01223902168. Their address is 5 Greens Road. 
That was all I needed today, thanks!
You're very welcome. Have a good visit.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that departs from peterborough and arrives by 10:30. 
Where will you be traveling to?
I am traveling to Cambridge. 
What day are you taking the train? 
I am leaving on Friday. What is the cost please?
The price is 16.50 pounds. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I need to find a place to stay.
There are plenty of options available to you. Would you like to narrow it down by area, price range, stars, or type?
I'd like a guesthouse that includes free parking.
Okay, great! Do you have a certain area in mind?
I have no preference for the area, but I would like something that includes free wifi and is in the expensive price range, please.
I'm sorry. There aren't any expensive guesthouses available for a reservation. Would you like me to check for a cheap or a moderately priced one?
Could you check to see if there are any expensive hotels then?
There is the Gonville Hotel in Centre that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book that for you?
I don't need to book but would you give me the star rating for the Gonville Hotel plus the address and phone number.
3 stars, phone 	01223366611, address 	gonville place.
Wonderful. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
i want to find a hospital in town
The nearest hospital is Hills Rd in Cambridge. The telephone number is 01223245151 and the Postcode is CB20QQ. Can I provide further assistance?
Can you please book a taxi to take me there?
Yes, a taxi can take you to Addenbrookes Hospital. Where are you now?
I'm not sure.  It is all quite confusing.  I think I will find help nearby.  Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all. Thank you goodbye.
You're very welcome. Good day.
I need a train from bishops stortford, please. I need to arrive by 21:45.
Sure, which day do you need to travel?  Are you going to Cambridge?
I need to go to Cambridge on Monday.
What time do you want to depart?
I'm not sure whatever gets me there by 21:45. Can you tell me travel time and cost as well?
Yes travel time will be 38 minutes and the cost of ths journey is 10.10 pounds.
That's great, thanks for your help. 
There is a train departing Bishops Stortford and arriving in Cambridge at 20:07 on Monday. Would you like me to book that for you? 
Yes, please book it for me. Thanks.
How many tickets would you like booked for that trip?
Just one please.
You are booked for Train ID TR5806 that leaves at 19:29. The Reference number is EOJDK0BY. Do you have any other concerns?
How long will be the ride and how much will it cost me?
The fee is 10.1 GBP, payable at the station. The duration of the ride is 38 minutes.
Thank you so much!
You are very welcome. Can I offer any other assistance?
No, I am all set, thanks.  Bye.
Have a nice trip.  Bye.
Yes I was wondering if you can tell me about an attraction called ballare?
Sure, its a nightclub on heidelberg gardens, lion yard.
What is the door charge?
It is 5 pounds to enter.
I'm also looking for a train. It will depart from broxbourne and should arrive at cambridge.
I have 133 results of trains departing from broxbourne to cambridge, do you have a specific date and time you're looking at?
Yes I'd like to travel on Tuesday and I need to get there by 09:30.
I have train TR4537 that departs at 07:32 and arrives by 08:32. Do you think you would be interested in that schedule?
What is the price of that train?
It is 17.90 pounds.
Thank you, that's all I needed today.
Thank you, just to confirm the booking you are traveling alone? 
Yes, just one ticket please. 
I have your ticket booked for Tuesday.  The reference number is 2KX2MCTXXX and the fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station.
Perfect. Thank you so much. That's all I need.
You're very welcome, have a great time!
Hi there. I'm trying to find a place to eat tonight. I'd like it to be more high end and expensive, and serve gastropub food. Can you help me? 
I have three Gastropub restaurants that meet your criteria.  Two are in the Centre area and one in the East area.  Do you have a location preference?
Anyone that is available should be fine, I will just need the address of whatever is picked.  
Royal Standard has good reviews. Their phone # is 01223247877 and they are located at 290 Mill Road City Centre.
Thank you. I am also looking to book a train. I need to go to Cambridge and leave on Thursday.
I can help you with that.  First, can you tell me where you will be departing and the timeframe you had in mind?
I need to leave from bishops stortford, and arrive by 11:30 please.
There is a train TR0798 leaving at 9:29 and arriving at 10:07, would this time work for you? 
That would be perfect. Can you please give me the travel time and price of that train?
It will take 38 minutes and cost 10.10 pounds.
Thanks, could you book that for me please? And confirm the departure time?
I have you booked for one seat on TR0798 departing Bishops Stortford for Cambridge at 05:98 and arriving at 06:07. Reference is M377ZH73.  Anything else I can help with?
No, thank you, that should be all.
Thank you for contacting us. Enjoy your visit and have a great day.
I am looking for a train arriving by 9:45 on Tuesday.
May I get your departure and destination information please?
I am going from Cambridge to Leicester.
TR2863 departs from Cambridge at 07:21 and arrive in Leicester by 09:06. Would you like to book this train?
Maybe... how much does it cost?
It costs 37.80 pounds per ticket.
I'm sorry, we have that mixed up. I need to depart from leicester and go to cambridge. Do you have a train that arrives by 09:45 in cambridge?
TR6954 departs from Leicester at 07:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 08:54. Would you like to book this train?
Can you verify the cost for train TR6954 for me? 
The cost for this particular train is 37.80 pounds per ticket. Would you like assistance booking tickets for this train?
Yes I would like help with booking the train and I will also need to book a hotel.
Your booking reference is NT43PSC0.  Now, if you let me know what type of hotel you are interested in, I can help you with that as well.
Can you help me find a 5-star room somewhere that offers free parking and wifi?
There don't seem to be any 5-star lodgings in the city. Would you like to try searching for 4 stars instead?
Yes, 4 stars would be fine.
The acorn guest house is a 4 star hotel located in the north side. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes please.  There are 5 of us total and we need 4 nights in a row.  Thank you.  
What day would like to start your stay?
I'd like to start my stay on Tuesday, please.
Ok great!  I was able to get you booked, your reference number is N4TJE8VR.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Nope, that'll take care of everything, thanks!
You're welcome. Have a great stay!
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north that has free wifi. 
Yes, what price range are you looking for?
Price is no issue.  I would like a 3 star guesthouse though.
The Hamilton Lodge sounds like it's perfect for you. Would you like for me to make a reservation?
Yes, please. 4 people for 4 nights starting on Monday.
The hotel is unable to accommodate that stay. Could you shorten your stay? 
Try 2 nights, then.
Ok, I was able to book your stay at the hamilton lodge for 4 people beginning monday and going for 2 days.  Your reference number is SWFUW5JI.  Anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a train that leaves after 14:15 and goes to bishops stortford.
What day are you leaving?
I'd like to leave on Wednesday, from Cambridge.
Train TR3661 leaves Cambridge at 15:29 on Wednesday and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Will that work for you?
That'll be perfect. How much will it be?
10.10 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book you passage?
No I will book the passage myself. Thank you for all your help!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I believe that was it. Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Enjoy your day.
What kind of cool attractions to we have in town? Maybe in the water.
I have 4 swimming pools in town if you are interested in that? I have 2 in the north, 1 in the east, and 1 in the centre. 
I would like to the information for the one east. 
The abbey pool and astroturf pitch is located in the East at pool way, whitehill road, off newmarket road. Their phone number is 01223902088. Would you like to know anything else?
I am actually looking for a boat attraction in the north, not a swimming pool.  
riverboat georgina	is in the north. do you want their information?
Can I get their postcode please? I also am looking for a good restaurant in town. 
Their postcode is cb43ax.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I would like to find a restaurant that serves German food that is expensive.
Sorry, no matches. Is there another food you want to try?
What about British food? 
There are 5 British restaurants that meet your needs. Would you prefer the centre, west, or east part of town? 
Anywhere that you recommend will be great.
Fitzbillies is a great British restaurant in the centre of town.  Would you like me to reserve a table for you?
Yes, please. I would like it to be for 4 people at 14:15 on Saturday. 
The booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 6S09L48Q. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi between the two locations and need to get to the restaurant by 14:15
I've booked a taxi for you.  You should arrive at the restaurant by 14:15. The contact number is 07165032687. How else can I help you today? 
Can you let me know the type of car?
It'll be a white tesla.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No. that is all for now.
Wonderful, glad I could be of assistance. Have a great day!
Hello, I'm looking for information on the Alpha-Milton Guest House.
Alpha-milton guest house is in the north part of town, in the moderate price range, 3 stars rated, and has no internet or parking
Can you make a reservation for me for 8 people for 5 nights starting on Thursday.
I was able to successfully book that for you. Your reference number is MXWS56BV. Is there anything else I can assist you with? 
Nope, that'll do it!  Thank you for all your help!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Thanks, Have a good day. Goodbye.
You as well, goodbye. 
Hi, can you suggest some tourist sites to visit in Cambridge?
There are 79 tourist sites listed in Cambridge. What type of attraction are you interested in seeing?
Yes, I'd love to visit a college. Is there a nice one in the city centre?
Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street in the centre.  It is lovely.
What's the entrance fee, address, and phone number?
Christ's college is free to enter.  It's located on saint andrew's street, and their phone number is 01223334900.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a train that will leave after 14:00 and should depart from cambridge.
I'm sure we can find what you're looking for. Where will you be traveling to?
I will be going to Norwich this Thursday.
How about the TR5190 train? It leaves Cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55.
That sounds perfect, that's all that I needed to know, thank you for your help!
Thank you for choosing the help desk. Good Bye
I got injured and I am looking for a hospital nearby
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.
I got injured. I need a phone number for a hospital near by.
Here is the phone number for Addenbrookes Hospital, 01223245151.
Thank you so much! I think that is all I need today.
You are very welcome. I am glad I could help you today.
I am looking for a 4 star hotel with free parking.
There are many options. Is there a price range or area of town that you prefer?
No preference of area but would like it to be moderately priced and 4 stars.
There is the Acorn Guest House that offers free internet as well as parking. WOuld this be OK?
What area is Acorn Guest House in?
The acorn guest house is located in the north. Would you like a reservation?
No I don't need a reservation but I would like to get the area they are in, postcode and address please.  I am also looking for the attraction Camboats?
It is in the North, and the post code is cb41da. Is there anything else you would like to know?
I just need the entrance fee, please. 
I do not have any information on the entrance fee
Oh, that's too bad. I guess that's all I need then.
Okay, have a great day! 
Can you help me find a train leaving on sunday arriving by 9:00?
I have 36 trains that match what you are requesting. Where will you be traveling to?
I'll be heading to Peterborough from Cambridge.
There are 7 results. What time would you like to leave cambridge?
I'm flexible, as long as I arrive by 9:00. Could you let me know the total travel time?
All of the trains that day are 50 minutes travel time. Would you like to leave at 8:06, arriving at 8:56?
Sure. Could you give me the ID for that train?
Sure.  Train ID TR0160, 50 minutes travel time will cost 13.20 pounds per ticket.  What else can I help you with today?
Great, I'm also looking for info on a hotel called allenbell.
Would you like me to book it for you?
I need to book it for 3 people for 2 nights beginning Friday. 
Okay I have your reservation and the reference number is WZNKIUGX.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
Thank you for using this service 
Can you book a hotel room for me?
I'd love to. What price range where you looking in?
I'd like cheap.
Best choice will be the Cambridge Belfry, rated at 4 stars, but very inexpensive. What night will you be checking in, so I can get a booking started for you?
Yes can you please book that for me?
Yes, how many people will be attending?
Please book it for 5 people and 5 nights starting from monday.
Your reservations have been made. Your reference number is X1ZCL9AO.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, i am looking for a college to visit on the west side of town..
There are 5 in that area. 3 have free entrance while the other 2 charge 2.50 pounds. 
pick a free one for me and get me the entrance fee
consider clare hall, which is a college in the western area of town
What is the entrance fee?
The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.
Thank you so much for your help.
You are quite welcome. Can I be of any further assistance for you today?
That's all for today. Thank you
I'm happy to be of service, and enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need the address and postcode of a cheap restaurant on the north side of town.
The address for Royal Spice is Victoria avenue Chesterton and the post code is C.B 4, 1 E.H. Royal Spice is in the cheap price range and is in the north part of town. 
Than you.
Thank you.  Goodbye.
I need the police please.
The phone number for the Parkside Police Station is 01223358966.
Could you also provide me with the post code?
Sure, the post code is CB11JG.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Call back if you need further assistance. Goodbye
I'd like some help finding a train leaving peterborough on tuesday.
Absolutely, do you want to leave or arrive by a certain time?
Leave after 10:15, please.
Unfortunately, there are no trains that leave after 10:15.
Okay what are the available train times?
i have booked you one leaving at 10.19. 
OK, is it going to Cambridge?  Can I have the reference number please?
there seems to be a break down in communication. Please restate the departure and arrival locations and the day and time.
I need a train from Peterborough to Cambridge on Tuesday, leaving after 10:15.
I have train TR1674 leaving at 10:48 and arriving at 11:38. Would you like to book tickets?
I need to book for one person, I will need the reference number. Also, I need to book a hotel called Caroline Bed and Breakfast, I need the address.
Okay. Your train booking was successful. You'll owe 16.5 which can be paid at the station. The reference number is X58GNQ74. 
Can you look up a hotel called Carolina bed and breakfast?
I have it right here
Well, thats great.  That means you should be able to give me the address
The address is 138 perne road. Would you like to book a room?
No, I just need the address. Thank you.
it is 138 perne road.
Have a nice day.
Thank you, have a wonderful day. Let us know if we can help in any way.
Can you help me find a nice restaurant?
Sure! What kind of food do you like?
I was thinking some indian food would be great. 
I have 22 indian restaurants- do you have a preference for area of town?
No, I don't care where it is. I'm thinking I'd like an expensive restaurant.
Would you like to try Curry Garden?
That is fine book me a table for 6 on Sat at 17:30. I also need a train for the same and should leave leicester for cambridge
Alright, I have made your requested booking at curry garden, and the reference number is HK9YCL6Z. As for the train, what time would you like to depart?
it doesn't matter as long as I am there by 13:45 leaving leicester going to cambridge, I'll need the reference number too  please
I have found TR6210 leaving leicester at 11:09 on saturday and arriving in cambridge at 12:54.  I have booked 6 seats. Reference number is LR5I1RZV. anything else i can do?
That will be all for today. Thanks so much for all your help. Goodbye
Thank you and enjoy your day.
I need a train from london kings cross to cambridge.
What day will you be departing? Trains depart starting at 5:17 then at each odd hour. Trains arrive the next hour :08. 
On sunday. But I have to be there by 19:15. Which one works best for that?
There are 7 trains. The one that arrives closest to 19:15 is TR2952 which leaves at 17:17 and arrives at 18:08. Would you like to book this?
Is there an earlier train? 
There is TR1688 that arrives by 14:08
Great that should work can I get the price, and departure time of that?
18.88 pounds departure time 13:17.
I need the postcode please. 
What postcode are you requesting?
Sorry. I am interested in finding a museum to attend and would need the postcode and phone number.
There are 5 museums, 4 of which are free and one costs 3.50 pounds.  Do you know which area you would like?
I don't care about the area. Can you give me the name, postcode, and phone number of the one with an entrance fee?
Sure, cambridge and county folk museum at 2-3 castle street has the entrance fee of 3.50 pounds. The phone number is 01223355159.
I will also need the postcode please. 
Sure, the postcode for the cambridge and county folk museum is cb30aq.
Thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Is that all I can help you with today? 
That should be all the info I need, thank you!
You're very welcome, enjoy your visit to Cambridge!
I'm looking for a Chinese restaurant.
There is a moderately priced one in the City Centre, a noodle bar. 
Are there any in the north side of town?
I have three can I get you price range?
any price range is fine with me. please book for mea table for 8 peopleat 13:45 on friday. please get me  the reference number 
Okay, I've booked a table for you and your guests at Haaka on Milton Road in Chesterton. Your reference number is U47769KH.
Thank you! I also need a train going to Broxbourne.
Sure, I can help you with that.  Where were you wanting to depart from?  
i'm leaving from cambridge
a train leaves every hour from cambridge to broxbourne.  Is there a particular day and time you need?
I need to leave on Saturday.
What time do you need to arrive at your destination or depart? 
I need to arrive at Broxbourne by 16:45
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre serving modern european food.
We have four choices, do you have a preference in price range?
I need one in the moderate price range.
There are 2 restaurants with your given preferences. They are de luca cucina and bar and riverside brasserie. Do want me to book a table for you?
Yes please. I need a table for one at noon on Saturday
I tried to book a table using your criteria at both restaurants, but unfortunately, there was no availability at either. Would you like a different day or time?
Can you try 11:00 for either place?
That time was successful. You're booked at De Luca Cucina and Bar at 11:00 on Saturday. Your reference number is QCA3LHQC. Need anything else today?
Yes please.  I need train on the same day arriving in Cambridge.
What time are you looking to arrive in Cambridge?
I need to arrive by 08:45. Are there any trains that early?
Oh yes plenty. How about the 07:17 that arrives by 08:08.
What is the travel time and train ID?
That ID would be the TR8885, and the travel time is 51 minutes. Would you like to book a seat on that train?
No thanks. That will not be necessary. Thanks for the info. Goodbye. 
Just to confirm, that train leaves from London Kings Cross.  Is that your intended departure station?
Sorry, no, I need to depart from Broxbourne.
Okay, it looks like the TR1971 would depart Broxbourne at 7:32 and arrive in Cambridge at 08:32. Would that work for you? 
Perfect, thanks. I am all set now.
You are welcome. Good bye!
Hi! Can you help me find some places to go on the south side of the city? I'm super bored!
I am happy to help.  There are several types of places to go in the South.  Parks, theatre, cinema, museum, nightclub.  What sounds good to you?
I don't have a preference.  Could you make a recommendation?
How about a nightclub or cinema?  There's also a great museum.
Anything is fine whatever is most popular.
Sure, Cineworld Cinema will be great. What information do you need about this attraction?
Can I get the address, entrance fee and attraction type please? 
The address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way. It is a cinema. I do not know the entrance fee, unfortunately. 
I am also wanting some information on a hotel called the Kirkwood House. Can you tell me about them? 
That is a guesthouse found in the North. It is in the moderate price range and is rated four stars. Do you need their contact details?
I need a booking there for five people staying three nights from Monday.
Excellent. You are all booked. Reference number is J0VGU1UX. Can I help with anything else?
Yes. I need a taxi to commute between the two places. I'd like to leave the park by 01:15.
You are booked with a taxi going from cineworld cinema to kirkwood house w/yellow skoda .  Your contact number is 07191555645.  Would you need anything else?
That should be all!  Thank you for your help! Good bye. 
Please call again.  Goodbye.
Are there any swimming pools that I can go to in Cambridge?
Yes, there are several did you have a specific area in mind?
No. I would just like you to recommend one and give me the area, number and how much it cost to get in. 
I can't help you with the cost, you would have to call about that.  I recommend Parkside Pools in the centre.  You can call them at 01223446100.
Can you call them for me please? You are supposed to be customer service?
We can book hotels, restaurants, trains, and taxis for you and provide information about places, but we do not actually call attractions them for you ourselves. 
i'm looking for a place to stay
What area of town would you like to stay? What price range?
I am looking for a 4 star hotel in the Centre. Internet is not necessary but I will accept one that has it.
I would recommend the university arms hotel. It is expensive and in the centre. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds good can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting thursday?
SI booked you at the university arms hotel. Your reservation is POY0JCRA on Thursday.
Thanks! That is all I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I need to find a taxi departing from alimentum. 
I would love to help you with this! Where are you wanting to go and what time are you wanting to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive by 03:15 and go to Ali Baba please.
I was able to book a taxi for you. It is a yellow Volkswagen and the contact number is 07800170336. Do you need anything else?
No that is all. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome.  Have a wonderful day.  Good Bye. 
Do you have any trains to leicester for Wednesday?
Yes, there are 19 trains running to Leicester on Wednesday, the first at 5:21 and then every hour thereafter. Would you like more specific information, or to book some tickets?
I will be departing from Cambridge after 12:15..
TR2854 leaves at 12:21 would that work for you?
Perfect. I'll need 8 tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : J3I2TFTK.
Are there any nice parks in town?
I have 5 different parks in town. Did you have a certain area of town you prefer?
No, any you recommend will be fine. I'll just need a phone number, postcode and address, please?
I'd recommend milton country park on milton country park, milton, cb46az. Their phone number is 01223420060. Will that be all?
Yes, I think that's all I needed. Have a good day. Goodbye. 
Thank you for using our service today!
I am looking for a train that is arriving by 13:00 and leaving on Monday. 
I can help you narrow your search if you give me your departure site and your destination?
Yes, I want to leave from Cambridge and I'm going to Broxbourne.
How about the TR1213? It matches your specifications and leaves at 9:01. I can book this train if you'd like.
How much does a seat for the TR1213 on Monday cost?
17.90 pounds is good enough. I'll go with that. 
Thank you. I also need recommendations for an expensive restaurant in the east part of town.
There are several options with the criteria you provided. Do you have a preference on the type of food?
No, please pick one for me and provide the phone number and address.
The royal standard is a gastropub. It's located at 290 Mill Road City Centre, phone 01223247877.  Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, that sounds great. 
how many people will be in your party?
4 people are in my party.
I'll also need a day and time for the reservation.
If you could book a reservation for Tuesday at 06:30 pm that would be most appreciated. 
Ok, I have booked your reservation at royal standard. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, that will be all today. Thank you.
Thank you for calling.
Thank you very much for helping me get my reservations in order.
Have I answered all your questions today?
Can you tell what kind of food the restaurant serves and their address and phone number.  
The Royal Standard serves gastropub type food. Their address is 290 Mill Road City Centre and their phone is 01223247877.
Thank you. 
You are quite welcome.  Enjoy your meal and please let me know if you need assistance with reservations during your visit.
I am looking for a place to stay that has free wifi and is in the expensive price range.
There are 5 hotels that meet your criteria. Do you have a preference on what area of the city you'd like to stay in?
I just need to have free parking. 
I have five hotels that all fit that criteria. Anything else you're looking for in a hotel or should I just book one of those for you?
I don't need it booked. Can I get the phone number and address of an expensive hotel with free wifi and parking? You choose.
The phone number for Gonville is 01223366611, and the address is gonville place
I also need a train departing from Stevenage leaving after 08:45
What is your destination?
Cambridge on Friday.
The first train available leaves at 09:54 and arrives at 10:43. Will that work?
I think so, but can you confirm the price first?  Thank you.  
The price is 12.80 pounds.
Is there any earlier arrival times? 
There is also a train that leaves at 07:54, would you like that one?
Could you please give me the arrival time and confirm that the price is still 12.80
Yes, the price is still 12.80. It arrives at 8:43.
OK, thank you.  That is everything that I need.
Thank you for using our system today!
I will be visiting Cambridge soon and definitely want to see some local attractions. Can you help me?
I can definitely help you find one. We have nearly 80 attractions around. Can you tell me what type of attraction you prefer or an area you would like to go?
I am looking for the best museum in the centre of town. Please let me know what it is and how much I should expect to pay to get in.
The Castle Galleries is very popular and it has no entrance fee. Would you like the address?
No, but I do want the entrance fee. 
The Castle Galleries are free of charge.
Thank you. I'm also looking for a guesthouse to stay that has a star of 4 and includes free parking. 
Acorn guest house is available if that works for you.
Book rooms for 3 people for 4 nights starting Sunday, please.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 6RQXSUYD. Can I help you with anything else?
I also need a taxi to commute from the hotel to the museum. I need to leave the hotel by 05:15
Sure!  I have set that up.  Booked car type is a white toyota and the Contact number is 07365958401.
Thank you so much for your help. That was all I needed. 
You are quite welcome. Enjoy your visit to the galleries.
Are there any guesthouses in the north area of town?
We have 11 guesthouses available.  Is it possible to narrow it down to price range or number of stars?
Yes I am looking for something in the expensive price range.
We have no guesthouses in the expensive range, are there any other ranges that you would be interested in. 
Yes, what about guesthouse in the moderate price range?
There are 3 in the area you are looking for. The acorn guest house, the arbury lodge guesthouse, and the archway house. Would you like to know more?
I'd like some details on the Acorn Guest House please. What's the address, postcode, and phone number?
The address of the Acorn Guest House is 154 chesterton road. The postcode is cb41da and the phone number is 01223353888. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a train that leaves on Thursday from Cambridge.
I have 202 trains that match that description. Where are you headed?
I am headed to Leicester and it should leave after 13:45.
TR3780 will depart Cambridge at 14:21 and arrive in leicester by 16:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, I'll need 6 tickets. When you book it can you get me a reference number?
Certainly, your reference number is I1CM9WUT. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you. That is all at this time. 
Have a great day. Goodbye.
What is there to do or see for entertainment?
There are many options, including a boat, college, architechture, and theatre.
What is in the centre?
There are still 44 entries including options like architecture, theatre, museums, concerthall, etc. Do you think you can narrow down your options a bit?
If there is nothing under entertainment, do you have a museum you can recommend?
Do you have a price preference?
No, I don't mind paying admission.
OKay then I would suggest great saint mary's church
Sound good. Can I get their address, phone number and entrance fee please? 
Sure! The address is Market Square. Phone number is 01223350914 and it costs 2 pounds to get in. 
Thanks. I also need help with lodging in the moderate price range with free wifi, please.
The cityroomz hotel is located in the centre and has free wifi. Would you like to make a reservation?
Do you happen to have any guesthouses in that area?
I don't. Would you like to try a different location or price?
Yes please find me a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range that includes free wifi.
of how many stars do you prefer?
I have no preference.
The Avalon is a guesthouse in the north, in the moderate price range, with free wifi. Do you want me to book it? I will need your details.
Yes please. I need the reservation to be for 5 people. 
I can do that for you. What day do you want to book the hotel for?
Saturday or tuesday.
Which day do you prefer? 
I would prefer Saturday please.
do you want to book for one day?
I want five nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : G1KVK1RL
Thanks. I will also need a taxi from great saint mary's churchto the  Avalon guesthouse.  
When do you want to leave or arrive by?
I'd like to leave the church by 12:00, please.
Okay. No problem I have you booked into a red Lexus and their contact number will be 07211078651.
Thank you, goodbye
Thank you for using our service today.
I'm looking for a cheap restaurant that serves modern european food.
the river bar steakhouse and grill meets your preferences. They are located in centre at Quayside Off Bridge Street.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome, goodbye.
Wait, I need a reservation, please. Can I get a table on Wednesday at 18:45 for 2 people? I'll need the reference number.
Your reservation is all set, reference number is U4UFT1IY
I need a cheap place to stay, too. Can you find me something in the centre?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse is 4 stars and the El Shaddai is 0 stars.  Would you like me to book one of these options for you?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast guesthouse will be fine, thanks.
Thank you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need more information about the guesthouse, do they have free parking?  What is the address and phone number?
Parking is free, the phone number is 01223525725 and the address is 56 saint barnabas road. 
Could you book a taxi for me? I am looking for one to take me between the restaurant and hotel and i need it to arrive at the restaurant by the booked time.
I have booked the taxi, the contact number is 07846881745. The car type is a grey ford. Anything else I can help you with today?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
You're Welcome. Thank you for using our services.
I am looking for a korean restaurant in the centre.
Little Seoul is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Can I get the phone number and price range?
The phone number for Little Seoul is 01223 308681 and is located at 108 Regent Street City Centre
Thank you, goodbye
Have a good day!  Goodbye. 
Can you tell me which museums I can go to in Cambridge?
You are free to choose whichever one you want.  There are 23 choices, is there a preference by area?
The area doesn't matter, but I do need to know the entrance fee.
There are so many. In order to narrow it down, do you want something with free admission. And are you open to a suggestion?
It doesn't matter. Can you just recommend one and tell me the entrance fee?
Cafe jello gallery has a free admission.
Thank you. What's the area for the Cafe Jello Gallery?
That one is located in the west. 
Alright, can you find me a train to Leicester on Tuesday after 20:15?
ok you are set
What is the train ID you found?
I'm sorry, my mind is not all there today. I have not found a train for you yet. Where are you departing from?
I am leaving from Cambridge and going to Leicester.
There are 4 trains that depart Cambridge for Leicester after 20:15. The first one leaves at 20:21, and they run every hour.
Please pick the earliest one and give me the following info about them: travel time, train ID, and arrival time
TR0378 arrives at 22:06. The travel time is 105 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I believe that is all I need today.
You are welcome. Thank you for getting in touch with Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye.
Can you help me find and expensive Thai restaurant? 
Sala Thong is an expensive Thai restaurant on the west side. Would you like to book there?
That would be great. I need a table on Sunday at 15:45 for 6 people, please.
I have made your reservation.  The reference number is S2AY04JF.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thank you. I think that's all I need today, goodbye.
Thank you for calling, enjoy, goodbye!
Hi, can you please give me information on theatres in town?
I have 5 theaters located in the centre and south which area would you like?
There is no specific area.
I see. What sort of information can I help you with?
I am looking to get an address and entrance fee for a theatre. Can you search for one for me using the criteria I mentioned earlier?
The address for adc theatre is park street.
Is there a entrance fee? I am also looking for a cheap north american restaurant to dine at on the east side. Any recommendations?
Entrance fee is not mentioned. There are no restaurants in that area that fit your criteria. Is there something else I can look up for you?
Are there any serving international cuisine in the same area and price range?
The Missing Sock is an international restaurant in the East and has a cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, get me a table for 3 at 15:30 on Saturday.
I have made those reservations and the reference number is Y40MJDC0.
Great, thanks for your help!
Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all! Thank you!
Fantastic, have a great day!
I'm need a cheap place to stay that has free parking.
There are several in that priced range. Is there a certain area you would like to stay in?
I'd really like to stay in a guesthouse. What do you have available?
how about alexander bed and breakfast? they are lovely
Sure. Can you book it for 5 people for 2 nights starting Saturday? I also need the reference number. 
I've made those reservations and your reference number is GDS15VTZ.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 19:30. 
Where will you be heading and on what day please?
Going to broxbourne on Monday. 
TR2292 leaves cambridge at 20:01 and arrives at 21:01, will that train work for you? 
Yes, it will. Can you book 5 tickets for me please? 
Okay, 5 tickets have been booked! Your reference number is 4VIS4L43. Can I be of any further help? 
No thank you that is all I need today. 
It was a pleasure to help. Have a good day. Goodbye. 
I'm looking for a place to stay. Please list all hotels in the north that include free wifi.
I have two hotels that match that criteria, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. They are both hotels.
Which one is cheap?
There are no hotels in the north in the cheap price range.  Both of these hotels are moderately priced.  Can I check another area for you?
None in the north that are cheap?
No, none of them are cheap in the north. Would you like to change your criteria?
I'm looking for information on a hotel called alexander bed and breakfast.
Okay! Alexander Bed and Breakfast is a cheap, 4-star guesthouse in the Centre of town, at 56 Saint Barnabas Road, with internet and parking. Shall I book a room?
Yes please book it for  4 people and 5 nights starting from Wednesday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : OEBH1Q9H.
Thank you. I also need a train on wednesday arriving by 17:00.
Where would you like to depart from?
I would like to depart from Kings Lynn.
Is there a time in your mind for leaving?
No, I just need to arrive by 17:00. On Wednesday. Please book the train closest to that arrival for 4 people and give me a reference number
The Train ID is TR5153.  It leaves at 16:11 and arrives at 16:58.  Your reference number is 1T9WEZTE.  Can I help with anything else?
Awesome, thank you so much for your help! That will be all, goodbye.
Thank you and enjoy your time in our beautiful city!
Can you recommend a restaurant that serves Corsica food in the expensive price range?
I don't have a match for that food type. I apologize. Would you like to try something else?
Can you try italian food instead?
We have five choices, any area preference in mind?
Any area is fine. Could you book a table for 7 for me at your favorite place? We're looking for something at 18:45 on Tuesday.
Ok, I've made a reservation for you at frankie and bennys. The reference number is O7FO0UHU.
Thank you.  Could you please send me the address and phone number.
Of course.  It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton postcode cb17dy.  Phone 01223412430.
now find me a stay in the east and should have  a star of 4
I have 6 results matching your request.  What price range would you like cheap or moderate?
I'm not concerened about pricing, but I would like a 4 start hotel in the east. 
I'd recommend the allenbell on 517a coldham lane. Its 4 stars and has free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
No, thanks. I'm all set. Good bye.
Glad I could be of help, goodbye!
Where would I find the museum of archaeology and anthropology?
The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology is located at University of Cambridge, Downing Street. Their phone number is 01223333516. Do you need anything else? 
And the attraction type is a museum, right? 
Yes, it is a museum.
Sounds great. Thank you for the info!
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I need a place to dine that is expensive in the north please. European would be nice.
The only expensive European restaurant in the North is City Stop Restaurant.  Would you like a reservation?
Yes actually. Book me a table for 2 people on sunday.... let's say 20:00?
It is not open then, another place or time perhaps?
It's not ideal, but maybe a little earlier would work. Say 19:00?
Got you your table, it'll be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: ZN0CVH11. Anything else today?
No, thank you so much for your help today. Have a good day!
I'm happy I was able to assist you today. Have a great day as well. 
Can you help me find an interesting place to visit on the east side of town?
I can.  Do you like museums?
Sure do, know of any interesting ones on the east side?
We have  the Cambridge Artworks, the Cambridge Museum of Technology, and several galleries.
That should do.  I am also looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve Chinese food and should be in the expensive price range
I have many choices. Do you have an area preference?
Yes, I would like it to be in the east. 
The Yu Garden has fabulous food.  Can I book a table there for you?
I'm sorry, could I get the postcode to Cambridge Artworks?
cb13ef. Anything else?
I also need to get the phone number for the restaurant.
Absolutely. You can reach Yu Garden at 01223248882. Is there anything else I can help with today? 
That is all, thank you!
Okay great. Glad I could be of help.
I'm sorry I have to go now! Bye!
Thanks for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Hi, I am planning a trip and looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me with one?
Sure can, we have 33 locations available, do you have anything to help narrow it down?
I need it to be in the north. I'd also like free parking and free wifi.
Is there a price point?
Not really. I'm hoping you give me the price range along with my options.
There are 11 hotels with the price range of moderate to cheap. Which would you like to know more about?
Can you pick a good one in the moderate price range?
The Archway House has both free internet and parking, four stars, and is moderately priced. Would you like me to book it?
Not yet but I would like to find a place to go near the same area as the hotel.
There are four places to go in the north area.  Two are swimming pools and there is a park and boating area. Which would you like info on?
A swimming pool would be great. Can i get the address please?
Sure. I recommend kings hedges learner pool. Their address is jedburgh court, kings hedges	
Great! I'm also going to need a taxi, for between the two places.
Okay, please tell me your departure time and location as well as your destination
I want to leave the hotel at 5:30.
I have you booked, grey Audi.  Contact number is 07341216795 
Thanks so much. That's all for today, goodbye
You're welcome! Enjoy your stay!
Can you help me find a train leaving on sunday and arriving by 18:15?
Where are you departing from and what is your destination ?
I'm going from Cambridge to Standsted airport.
Train TR1526 leaves 17:40 and will get you there by 18:08.  Would you like some tickets?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need tickets for 7 people. I'll also need the reference number. 
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
i'm looking for good turkish food, and price is no object.
I have found three restaurants for you all in the center of town. The expensive restaurant is Meze Bar Restaurant. Do you want their address?
That's great. I'd like to book a table.
When would you like to dine and on what day and for how many people?
I think I will just take their address instead.
Meze Bar Restaurant is located at 196 Mill Road City Centre. Anything else I can help you with or can I reserve you a table?
Thanks for the address. Can you find me a 2-star hotel in the same price range--expensive?
Express by holiday inn Cambridge is an expensive, two-star hotel. Do you want me to book the hotel?
Does it have free parking?
The Express by Holiday Inn offers parking, however I don't know if it's free.
Okay can you tell me what the postcode is for that?
The postcode is cb13lh. Will that be all for you?
Thanks, I also need a taxi to commute between the two places. Can you please assist? 
Which site will  you be departing from?
I need to leave the hotel by 09:45.
A black skoda is booked for you. The contact number is 07215076304. Anything else?
Thank you for your help.
Thank you and have a good time in our lovely city!
I need assistance in finding the Parkside police station
I have that telephone	01223358966 and adress Parkside, Cambridge with postcode	:	CB11JG
Thank you for your help.
Thank you goodbye
I'm looking for information on 4-star rated guesthouses in Cambridge
I have a number of 4 star guesthouses available, would you like to book one in a particular area?
Not really. Could you suggest one with free parking?
Okay, how about the Acorn Guest House in the north? 
Sure.  Can we spend 5 nights starting on Sunday?  I am going to need room for 7 people.
Reference number is 29IN9CT3 for the acorn guesthouse. 
I would also like to eat somewhere cheap in the middle of town. 
I suggest the dojo noodle bar, an asian oriental restaurant, would you like to make a reservation?
do you have one the is portuguese food ?
There is. How does Nandos City Centre sound?
Sounds great if it is portuguese. I'll take a reservation for 7 people at 20:00 for the same day. 
You're all set. Your reference number is 6R5W1RRE and your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you for your help! Goodbye!
Okay, it was my pleasure to assist you! Bye!
Hi, I'm looking for places to go in Cambridge.  Preferably a museum in the centre of town.
You could check out the cambridge contemporary art museum on 6 trinity street. 
That sounds nice. Can you give me their phone number please?
Certainly, it is 01223324222. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm interested in a hotel called rosa's bed and breakfast. Can you tell me about that?
Yes, rosa's bed and breakfast is a guesthouse located in the south part of town in the cheap price range. It has free parking and internet. Would you like to book?
yes for 7 people starting Tuesday for 5 nights
I have you booked successfully for 7 people. The reservation number is NGWU3I57
Thank you for your assistance, you've been very helpful.
You're welcome, Enjoy your stay.  Goodbye.
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge leaving after 21:15?
sure, do you know what day you're traveling?
Our reunion is on Tuesday so I want to leave that day. 
Great!  I can help you with that.  Where would you like to leave from? 
Kings lynn. Please give me the price, travel time, and train ID
I have two lines. 22:11 is the closest to your departure. Does that work for you? 
Sounds good to me. Oh, and I'm also looking for a place to stay.
The TR9704 train leaves Kings Lynn at 22:11. The travel time is 47 minutes.  The price is 9.80 pounds. Do you know the area you'd like to stay?
No, area doesn't matter.  I do want a 4 star guesthouse though.
I have many to choose from. What area do you prefer?
No specific area but i do need free wifi and need it to be in the moderate price range. 
There are 11 locations, would you prefer one with parking included?
it doesn't matter book a room for 3 for 1 night the same day, and I'll need the reference number too please
Okay i booked you at the Acorn and your reference number is G5FTA5L5.
That's all I need, thank you so much! Have a nice day!
Thanks so much that is great. 
I will certainly use Cambridge TownInfo again. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today!
I'm looking for a train to leave from stantsted airport on monday.
Okay, there are several trains available.. looks like they are all going to Cambridge. Is that where you would like to go?
Yes. Is there one that leaves after 11:15? 
Yes, there are five trains that leave after that time. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
Nope, what is the travel time on the one that leaves closest to 11:15?
i  recommend TR5754. it leaves 11:24	. can i book for for
I don't want to book yet,  I need to first make sure that I can stay at a hotel called "Acorn Guest House".
Would you like to book a room at the acorn guest house?
Yes please book it for 5  people and 4 nights starting from the same day.
I've made those reservations and your reference number is 2OQY5DXG.
Thank you so much. That was all I needed. 
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a nice trip!
Hello, I'd like to get some info one a hotel please.
I can definitely assist with your lodging needs.   Did you want me to look for a specific place or run a search in an area?
Please look in the north of town.
There are 13 in that area.
Is there one with free parking and a 2 star rating?
I'm showing two in that area both offering free wifi and parking.  I suggest Ashley hotel.  The phone number is 01223350059. Shall I book a room for you?
Are there any cheap restaurants in the centre that I can try?
Yes, there are many. What type of cuisine are you interested in?
can you suggest one, I am not picky, just need the type and address
Sure!  The Golden House is a Chinese restaurant that's located at 12 Lensfield Road, City Centre.  Would you like a table reserved?
No thank you.  I need to find a train leaving Cambridge after 16:30.
I have 5 different trains leaving Cambridge on Friday evening, which destination do you prefer: kings cross or liverpool street?
I actually need to go to stevenage.
What day do you need to leave?
I would like to leave on Tuesday, please.
There are trains leaving Cambridge every two hours starting at 17:21 and arriving in Stevanage one hour later. Which time do you prefer?
17:21 sounds fine. Please make a booking for 1 person and let me know the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : L9DAX54Q.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thank you goodbye
You're very welcome. Good-bye.
I'm looking for a restaurant in cambridge that serves italian. I would like it to be in the south. 
There are two italian places. Pizza Hut and Frankie and Bennys. Would you like to make a reservation at one of them?
Maybe.  I need a place that serves expensive food.  Does either place fit the bill?
Yes, Frankie and Benny's is expensive.
I would like to book a table for 6 people at 19:00 on Monday. I need the reference number for the booking as well.
I have your booking for 6 people on Monday at 19:00, your reference number is 554BXNRB.  Can I help with anything else?
I would also like to find a hotel with free parking.
i have many options for you! any particular part of town?
Yes, I would like it to be in the same area as the restaurant please. 
I would suggest the allenbell. 
Okay. do they have free parking? if so are they in the same area as frankie and benny's? 
unfortunately they are in different areas. let me find something that will work. i have the lensfield hotel. it is expensive in the south and offers free parking and wifi. 
Thank you. You just answered all my questions. Have a good day. Goodbye.
If you decide to make reservations, we will be glad to help you.
I'm looking for the Cambridge Contemporary Art.
It is a museum in the center of town.
May I have the phone number and postcode?
Phone number is 01223324222 and postcode is cb21su.
Can you help me find a train leaving Saturday, departing from stansted airport?
Where are you headed?
I am headed to Cambridge and need to arrive by 1:30pm.
The TR8488 leaves Stansted at 12:24 and arrives in Cambridge at 12:52. Would that suit you?
It would, thanks. Please make me a booking for 2 people on that train.
I have booked two tickets for you. It'll be 16.16 GBP and the reference number is: VZK4BVQ5
Thanks, that's all I need today. I appreciate your help.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your trip!
Hi, I will be traveling to Cambridge and am excited about seeing local tourist attractions.
Oh I'm super excited for you! Anything in particular you'd like to check out? How about some architecture?
Actually, I would prefer a nightclub.
There are 5 different nightclubs here in Cambridge. Do you have a specific type in mind?
No specific type, I just need the area that it's in, please. 
All nightclubs are located in the centre. 
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel in the north with a star of 4. 
I'm sorry but there are no hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try another area?
Let's try 3 star hotels, instead.
still no hotels match your criteria 
Can you check to see if there is a guesthouse available instead of hotel?  Something in the North with a star of 4 and free wifi.  
There are 8 guesthouses in the north with 4 stars and free internet. Are you looking for parking as well?
No, can you recommend me a good one?
The archway house would be a great choice. It's located at 52 gilbert road, cb43pe. Would you like me to try and book a stay for you?
No thanks. Could you just tell me their phone umber and price range?
The archway house's phone number is 01223575314, it's a moderately priced guesthouse. Can I get you any more information?
I would also like to book a taxi from the Archway House to one of the nightclubs you mentioned. I would like to leave the hotel by 09:45. 
Certainly.  What is your destination?
Could you recommend a nightclub from the previous search?
Yeah, the ballare is great. It's in the centre of town.
No, I did mean 09:45, thank you.
Okay great, the car will be a black honda and the contact number is 07537395912. Is that all you need today?
No, I wanted to check things out during the day time.  But thanks for making sure. 
Thank you! Goodbye.
Hi, can you find me a train going to birmingham new street that leaves after 16:45?
What day would you like to go and where will you be departing from?
I would like to leave cambridge on Wednesday.
There a few trains that will get you there. TR1766 departs at 18:01 and arrives at 20:44. Does that work for you?
Yes that works.  Please book it for 6 people.
I booked your seats for 6 people on TR1766 departing Cambridge on Wednesday at 19:01. The total comes to 450.6GBP and your reference number is 8WMYBHC3.
Great!  Now I am looking for a hotel called Finches bed and breakfast.
What information would you like on it?
I'd like to know if it has free parking. Also, the hotel type and it's postcode.
Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse.  It does have free parking.  It's post code is cb30nd.  Is there anything else I can help you with tonight?
No, that is all the information I need. Thank you for all of your help.
It's been a pleasure. Good day sir. Goodbye. 
Quick, find a hospital for me! 
The local hospital is Addenbrookes Hospital their telephone number is 01223245151.
What is the postcode
Post code is CB20QQ.
Is there valet parking at the hospital?
I'm sorry, that information is not available. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was everything, thank you.
You are quite welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi, I'd like to book a taxi from London Liverpool Street to Club Salsa.
Before I can complete your request please let me know a departure and or arrival time. Thank you.
I can leave any time after 01:30. Can you send me the car type I can expect and the contact number?
You are all set.  You will be picked up in a Blue Volvo at 1:45.  The contact number is 07144891471.  Do you need help with anything else?
That will be all for now.  Thank you for your time!
You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant called hotel du vin bistro.
I have the Hotel Du Vin and Bistro located at 15 - 19 Trumpington Street. Their phone number is 01223227330. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Yes, do you happen to know what their price range is?
It is a moderately priced restaurant.
Thank you, I am also looking for colleges in the west area, can you give me more info on those?
sure, there are five in that area.
Okay can you please give me the address and phone number to one that you recommend?
churchill college is in the west. it is free. their address is storey's way and their phone number is 01223336233. is there something else i can help you with?
I'll need a taxi to get to the restaurant from the college
When would you like to depart or arrive by?
I want to leave the college by 17:45.
look out for  blue audi and the contact is  07704105675 
Thanks so much for all of your help today.  I won't be needing anything else.  Bye.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
Hello, I am going to nee a place to go in the centre of town. Multiple sports would be best.
Unfortunately, we don't have any attractions that match that description. Could you like to explore other areas?
No. Could we try a museum in the centre of town?
The are 11 entries found for "museum" at the center of town. Would you like the first listing? 
Yeah, that would be great. Thanks.
That would be the Broughton House Gallery. Do you need anything else?
Can I have the postcode, entrance fee and address? I also need a hotel within a moderate price range.
You can find Broughton House Gallery at 98 king street. The postcode is cb11ln, and entry is free.
Are there any moderately priced hotels in that same area?
We have Cityroomz in the area. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. I need a room for 2 people for 2 nights starting wednesday.
OK, what nights and how many people?
Starting on Wednesday please. 2 nights for 2 people. 
OK, you're all set for 2 nights at Cityroomz. Your reference number is NWD2GD50. Can I help with anything else today?
That is everything I needed for today. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for using this system.
I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge after 14:00.
There are hundreds of those! What day are you traveling and what's your destination station?
I need to leave from Kings Cross on a Saturday please.
Sure, Are you leaving, or going to london kings cross?
I am going to London.
Okay, I'd recommended TR6203 leaving at 15:00 and arriving at 15:51, total duration 51 minutes. The price is 18.88 pounds. Would that work for you?
Yes thank you very much that's all I needed!
You're very welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye!
Are there any Portuguese restaurants in Cambridge?
Yes there is a Portuguese restaurant in Cambridge  with two different locations, would you like the addresses?
If one of them has a moderate price range please give me that address. If not tell me about Turkish restaurants instead.
I have two Turkish restuarants, both in the centre and both expensive. May I recommend anatolia?
Actually I need a moderately priced restaurant. Are there any fitting that description?
I am sorry. I mistook that price range. The Anatolia is in the moderate range. Would that work for you?
Yes, I need a reservation for 1 people at 14:00 on monday.
 Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 96ZYHLN1.
Thanks so much. That's all for today. Bye!
You are more than welcome! 
I need a place to stay in the west. 
We have several places to stay that you may like in the West.  Do you have a specific price range or star rating in mind?
I would like to find a cheap guesthouse.
Finches Bed and Breakfast is within your chosen price range and it is located at 144 thornton road.
What is the star rating and is free parking available?
It's 4 stars and has free parking. Would you like a room?
Can you give me the postcode?
The postcode is cb30nd.  Would you like to book a room now?
Yes can you please help with that?
Absolutely. How many people, what day are you arriving, and how many nights will you be staying?
No actually I need to find a train to Cambridge from Norwich on Saturday arriving by 19:45.
Okay the TR8600 arrives by 19:35. Would you like tickets?
How long is the travel time, departure time and what is the price?
The TR8600 Departs Norwich at 18:16, and it takes 79 minutes to get to Cambridge. The fare is 14.08 GBP per ticket. Is there anythig else you want to know?
Nope, that's it. Thanks!
enjoy your stay!
Hi.  Can you please help me find a restaurant that serves food from singapore ?  I'd like it to be on the East side of town if possible.
There are no restaurants serving Singaporean food on the east part of town.
Can you help me find some Chinese food then?
Yu Garden is located on the east part of town. Would you like the telephone and address?
What is the address, phone number, and postcode?
Yu Garden is located at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, C.B 5, 8 P.A, and the number is 01223 248882.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I am looking for somewhere yummy to eat! I would like to stay around the centre and have some italian if at all possible
ok, what price range would you like to stay within?
Something expensive.  I'd like to treat my family to some great food.
don pasquale pizzeria in the centre is pretty ritzy I hear, definitely in the expensive range.
Great! Can you book me a table for 8 at 12:30 on Sunday?
OK, the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: JAZSISF7. Anything else I can do for you today?
I am also looking for places to go.  I need a attraction in the same area as the restaurant. 
Sure, there's a tonne of attractions in the city centre, any specific type you're looking to visit?
Anything in the centre area what do you recommend?
I recommend The Cambridge Punter. It's a nice boating attraction in the center, located at 251a chesterton road. 
That sounds good, thank you for your help!
Is there anything else I can be of help with today? 
No that is all. Goodbye
Please do not hesitate to give me a call if your require additional assistance.
I am looking for a particular hotel. Its name is called worth house.
It is a cheap guesthouse in the north of town. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please.  I need three nights for one person starting this Friday.  And can I get a reference number?
I've successfully booked your room for Friday, 1 person, staying 3 days. Your reference number is: F2X024Q6
Thank you so much for your help today.
Thank you goodbye
I'm looking for a train that departs from Ely anytime after 20:15. 
I have many. Which day would you be traveling on? 
I will be traveling on Friday.
Where will you be going, Cambridge?
Yes I will be going to Cambridge.  
TR0292 will leave at 21:35 would that work for you?
Yes I need the price.  Also, I am traveling in the east, can you recommend a good place to go?
4.40 pounds payable at the station. The funky fun house is a great place for entertainment. I can't quote the price on that though sorry.
Thats okay. Can i just have their address and postcode? 
Yes, it is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate and the postal code is cb58hy
Can you tell me the entrance fee please? 
Unfortunately the entrance fee is not listed. Can I help you find anything else?
No thanks. I think that answered all my questions. Have a nice day. Bye. 
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a great day!
Hi. Can you help me find a train?
what day would you like to leave?
I want to leave on Sunday, please.
Where will you be departing from?
I'll be departing from cambridge and want to arrive by 19:30 on sunday. Could I also get the train ID as well?
There are 146 departures from Cambridge on Sunday that match your arrive by time. Where is your destination?
kings lynn and I also looking for a restaurant in the south and expensive price range
Sure, I can help you with that.  First, let's find the train.  How early would you like to leave? 
arriving by 19:30 on sunday. I need the train's ID please. Leaving cambridge going to kings lynn
TR3212 leaves Cambridge at 05:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 05:58. Will this one work for you?
I'd like something a little later in the day, please. 
TR2045 leaves at 18:11 and arrives at 18:38. Would that be acceptable?
that sound just fine
Would you like me to book tickets for you? 
please do. i would also like help finding an expensive restaurant.
How many seats do you need on that train?
I do not need train reservations. I need help finding a restaurant. 
There are several fine restaurants.  What area and what type of food would you enjoy?
South area, and food type doesn't matter. I need it for 3 people at 15:45 on the same day, if that time doesn't work 14:45 and i'd like a reference number.
You are booked at frankie and bennys for 3 at 1545. your booking number is T01E84XG
Thank you for your help.  That is all I need. 
Okay. Glad I could be of help.
I'm looking for a train. The train should leave after 09:00 and should go to broxbourne.
What day will this be on?
On Sunday. 
TR941 leaves at 9:01 would you like me to book it?
Yes please. I need that booked for 8 people. 
I was able to get you 8 tickets.  Your reference number is V2XTDMK6.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you, that is all for now. Have a great day.
You're welcome. Have a great trip!
I'm looking for a place called soul tree nightclub. 
Soul Tree Nightclub is found in the center of town.The entrance fee is 4 Pounds and their phone number is 01223477900
What type of attraction is it?
It's classified as a nightclub type of attraction.
I also need a place to eat that serves Indian food. 
Fantastic. I have 22 restaurants for you to choose from!
I want to book a table for 6 at 18:45 on Thursday 
Curry Garden in the centre of town was available. Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OTACG9MV.
Thank you good bye.
Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Have a great night.
Good Morning, are there any expensive restaurants in the city centre?
i have quite a few restaurants, is there is particular type of food you are looking for?
No, can you choose one for me and provide me with the postcode.
How about the Kymmoy that serves asian oriental?  The postcode is cb12as.
That sounds great. Thanks so much!
You're welcome, would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, but thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Hi there, please find me a restaurant on the East side that serves russian  food
I'm sorry, I can't find anything like that.
what about indian food?
Curry prince is in the east part of town in the moderate price range would you like to try that?
Yes, can you help me book a table for one at Curry Prince?
Sure, what day and time?
On Thursday at 12:30 for 1 person. 
You are all set, the reference number is Y6L0VIWC, can I help with anything else?
Yes, thank you. I also need a train to Stansted.
Okay, great. We have a lot of results. Would you like to narrow it down by departure location, day, departure time or arrival time?
I'd be leaving from cambridge, and would like to arrive by 9:00 on friday.
I have train TR0916 that will leave at 07:40 and will arrive at the airport at 08:08. Will that work for you?
Excellent can I get 1 ticket for that?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 74NEPLUK. Can I hlep you with anything else?
No that is it. Thank you!
Ok. Thank you. Goodbye
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center of town that serves Singaporean food. Do you have any suggestions?
I'm sorry, I do not see any Singaporean restaurants in the Centre area. May I help you with something else?
What about a restaurant in the center part of town that serves British food?
There are 7 British eateries to choose from. Would you prefer any particular price range? There are restaurants that provide both moderate and expensive price ranges.
No, can you recommend one?
restaurant one seven is fantastic can I recommend that one to you?
Could you provide me please with their phone number, price range and postcode?
01223337766. cb21ab post code. They are in the moderate range in price. 
Okay thank you.  I am also looking for the hotel called express by holiday inn cambridge.  
How many nights do you need?
Two nights starting on Thursday please. 
And will it be just you staying, or a group?
There will be two people total. 
Your room at the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge has been booked. Your reference number is K5RD51DN.
Thank you so much! 
You're welcome. Would you like me to help with anything else?
That is all I needed, have a nice day.
Thank you, and have a great day.
Hi. I am trying to find some information on a restaurant called India House.  Have you heard of it?
India House serves Indian food in the west of town and is expensive. Their phone number is 0122346166. Can I help with anything else?
Great can  you book a table for one person at 12:00 on sunday?
I'm sorry, they don't have an opening at 12:00. Would you like to try a different time or day?
Sure, let's try for 11:00, same day.
I was able to book your table on Sunday at 11:00 for 1. The reference number is FRGW4OO2.
Thanks.  That covers it then!
I'm so happy we could help you out today. Enjoy your meal in Cambridge!
Are there any expensive european restaurants around?
I found 5 expensive european restaurants. Which area of town would you like to look in?
I don't have a preference, what do you recommend? I'll need the area, address and phone please.
City Stop Restaurant, 01223363270, post code is, cb41uy,Cambridge City Football Club Milton Road Chesterton. Anything else?
I also need a train leaving cambridge after 21:15. 
What is your destination?
i need it to go to london liverpool street
I have several. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
What times do you have available? 
What day would you like to travel? 
I want to travel on Tuesday
I would suggest train ID TR5722 which leaves at 21:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 23:27.  
That sounds like it would work.  Please make a reservation for 4 people on that train, please.
Alright, the booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: RLF15GH7. Can I do anything else for you?
No thanks. I think that's all. Have a nice day. Bye. 
Great! You're quite welcome. Goodbye!
I really would love to get any information I can on museums in the West
We have a lot of those!  Anything specific you need or just a recommendation?
Nothing specific. Can you make a recommendation and give me their address, postcode, and entrance fee?
May I recommend Lynne Strover gallery located at 23 high street, fen ditton. The postcode is cb30aq and it's free to get it!	
I'm also looking about a train.  I need it to be to Cambridge by 19:00.  Can you help find one?
Sure. Where will you be leaving from?
I will be leaving London kings cross on Monday .
TR7556 arrives at 18:08. can i book it for you?
Yes please book. I need the travel time and the train ID please. 
TR7556 leaves London Kings Cross at 17:17 and arrives in Cambridge at 18:08. The trip should last about 51 minutes. How many tickets should I book for your trip?
That's all the info I needed today, thanks.
Glad to help, enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm looking for cheap lodgings.
Alexander Bed and Breakfast is an option. It is located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road.
What's it's star rating?
It has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to book a room for you?
Yes. I need it for four people and five nights. 
What day do you want that booking to start?
I need it to start Thursday night and once it is booked, can you send me the reference number?
You're all set! Your reference number is XZY6OUBQ. Anything else I can help you with?
No, I'll let you know if anything else comes up.
OK, have a great day. Don't hesitate to contact us if you think of something you do need.
I'm looking for cheap food in the centre.
Sure I have Asian and Chinese restaurants and other options. Is there a type of food you are looking for?
I think I'd like French food please. 
I'm sorry there are no cheap French restaurants in the central area.
What about an Indian restaurant?
There are 3 cheap Indian restaurants located in the centre. I would recommend the Kohinoor. Would you like to book a table?
Great yes please book me a table there for 4 people at 11:00 on tuesday.
I have reserved your table for 4.  Your reference number is SSVF0E1R.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
That will be all. Thank you very much.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
I need to find a hospital please with a infusion service department.
The telephone number is 01223586967
Can I get the address please?
The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ. Is there anything else you need?
No, that's all. Good bye.
Goodbye and thank you for using our service
Is there a restaurant that serves italian food in the expensive price bracket?
Yes, there are 5 such places. 4 are in the centre and 1 is in the south. Would you like to book at one?
Absolutely! Thank you! 
Which area of town would you prefer?
How about the center?
Great, how about don pasquale pizzeria? May I book this for you?
That sounds good. No I don't need a reservation, but could you tell me the postcode?
Certainly, the postcode for don pasquale pizzeria is cb23nj.  Would you like any other information?
No thanks. That will do it for me. Have a good day. 
Thank you, you too.  Goodbye.
I hope you can help me find the attraction downing college.
Yes, it's on Regent Street in the centre of town. Would you like the phone number?
No. That will be all, thank you. Good day. 
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Oh, wait, one more thing. Can you help me find a train?
Sure!  When are you wanting to travel, where are you leaving from, where would you like to go and what time?
I am traveling on Sunday from Peterborough to Cambridge.  I want to arrive in Cambridge by 15:00.
Is there a time you would like to leave after?
No, but if you can give me the price, travel time, and a train ID that'd be great.
TR9407 departs peterborough at 13:48, arrives in cambridge at 14:38, costs 13.20 pounds, and is a 50 minute trip.  I can book that for you if you'd like.
That won't be needed thank you.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today? 
No that should be all, thank you.
Your very welcome and have a nice day.
I am looking to book an expensive restaurant in the west part of town. What is available?
I have 9 restaurants in the west that are upscale. Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine? There is british, european, indian and thai to choose from.
How about some Thai food?
Sala Thong is an expensive Thai restaurant in the west end. Would you like a reservation there?
Yes please. Can reserve for 6 people at 15:00 on Wednesday?
So sorry, that was unsuccessful.  Would another day or time work?
Could we try for 14:00 instead?
Congratulations! That was successful Your reference number is OP06YQUU.
Alright, awesome! Could you also try to find a specific college I'm looking for? It's called Saint John's College.
Saint John's College is a College located in the centre of town. The phone number is 01223338600. Do you need any other information?
Can you book me a taxi to go from the college to the restaurant by 14:00? Please include the contact number and car type. 
I'm happy to say I've successfully completed your booking! The vehicle will be a blue Tesla. Their contact number is 07945015073. How else may I assist you?
I want to make sure that it will be arriving by 14:00. Can you confirm?
Yes that it correct.
Okay, thank you. That's all I need today.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train that leaves on monday after 16:15.  Any suggestions?
Where are you departing from and what is your destination?
I'm leaving Cambridge and headed to Ely.
There is a train to Ely that leaves at 17:50 on Monday. Would you like me to book it?
No, I just need the train ID and arrival time.
Sure the train id is TR4294 and the arrival time is 18:07.
I am also looking for a guesthouse with a rating of 4 stars.
I have several guesthouses with 4 star ratings. Is there a particular area you'd like to be in?
It does not matter but I  would like free parking.
What price range would you like?
Price range is not important, just the four stars. 
What area of town would you like?
As long as it has free parking, that's all I really need. Can you recommend one and tell me a little about it? 
I have 5 guesthouses with free parking. I recommend the Acorn Guest House in 154 Chesterton Road, postcode cb41da.
Does it have free internet?
Yes, it has free internet. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, just the area and postcode please.
it is in the north area and the post code is cb41da. would you like to make a booking?
No, thanks. I'm not ready to book at this time.
Can i help you with anything else today?
Nope. That's all. Goodbye. 
Thank for calling today.  Goodbye!
Yes, hello. I'm trying to find a particular museum, can you help me with that?
Yeah, I've got access to a complete and comprehensive list of all the museums in Cambridge. Which one are you looking for?
I am looking for the museum of archaelogy and anthropology.  If you find it I'll need the area, phone and postcode please.
Sure, it is in the town centre with a postcode of cb23dz.  You can call them at 01223333516.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Can you find me somewhere to stay in the East part of town?
There are seven places to stay, could you tell me a price range or other criteria for your stay?
I am looking for a place with free parking and wifi
Alright, you have six options: three cheap, two moderate, and one expensive. Would you like more information?
I think the expensive one will do nicely. May I have the postcode, hotel type, and phone number please?
It is a hotel. The post code is cb13lh and the phone number is 01223866800.
That's all I need.  I'll call an Uber.
Sounds good. Let me know if there's anything else you need.
I'm looking for for a cinema in the south. Can you give me some information on cinema's in the south?
there is only one, it's called cineworld cinema
How much is that cinema's entry fee?
I'm afraid that the entry fee for Cineworld Cinema is unknown. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, could you tell me their postcode?
The postcode is cb17dy.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'll need it to be moderately priced, in the same area as the attraction, and free parking, please?
bridge guest house	is a 4 star guesthouse in the south part of town in the moderate price range with free wifi and parking.
Do they have a room available for 7 people? We're staying 3 nights and checking in Tuesday.  
Booking was successful. Reference number is : Z108ABS3. Can I help you with anything else ?
I need a taxi from the cinema to the hotel, I want to leave the cinema by 08:15.
Booked you a taxi ride look for a red tesla car contact number is 07746939508. Can I help with anything else?
That is everything that I need?
Have a wonderful time.
Thanks, have a great day!
Thank you for using our service today.
I am looking for a dining place that serves Indian food. 
There are many Indian restaurants. What price range do you prefer?
Expensive would be great.
I found 14 that would meet your needs. What about curry garden? It is located at 106 Regent Street City Centre	
That sounds great. Please make me a reservation for 6 at 13:15 on Friday
How many people?
I already told you how many people. are you paying attention?
sorry was trying to confirm. i have booked cocum and Reference number is : A5L2T8SV.
Wait, is that curry garden or a different restaurant you've booked for me?
no i booked cocum. is that fine?
I Cocum an Indian restaurant?  We didn't discuss Cocum at all.
I changed the restaurant and booked for you. Your new Reference number is : SEFVWPRB.
I also looking for a train. The train should go to cambridge and should depart from stansted airport.
On what day do you need to travel?
I need to the train on Friday and I need to arrive by 8:00.
I have TR6416 that will get you to Cambridge by 07:52. Do you need any tickets today? 
I don't need to book now. I would like the ticket price, please.
The price per ticket is 10.10 pounds.
That's all I need.
May I assist you with anything else today?
No thank you that will be all
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye!
I am looking for a swimmingpool.
There are 4. What area do you prefer?
I would prefer one in the centre of town.  Is there any there?
Yes, parkside pools is located at gonville place cb11ly in the center are. The phone number is 01223446100.
Alright. Do you know if there is an entrance fee at that pool?
I'm sorry, there is no info on an entrance fee. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a train departing London kings cross on Thursday to arrive in Cambridge by 10:45
There are 3 trains. The last one that would get you here on time is TR8410 leaving 9:17 and arriving 10:08. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes that sounds perfect!
Great, how many tickets for the train would you like?
I just need the departure time and train ID plase
The train ID is TR8410 and it departs at 9:17.  Can I help you with anything else?
That'll be all. Thank you for the help!
You are welcome, please contact us if we can ever help you again.
I need a train on Tuesday that goes to london kings cross.
There are ten trains on tuesday to that location. What time would you like to depart?
I want to leave by 19:30.
I have a train leaving Cambridge at 11:00 to go to London Kings Cross by 11:51, TR6925.  Does this sound acceptable?
Well I need it to leave after 19:30 and I would like to make a booking for 5 people on Tuesday and I will need a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 118 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : MMHRON1T.
i am also looking for information about the hamilton lodge.
The hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north area. Would you like a booking?
Can you tell me if they have free internet?
They do indeed have free internet as well as free parking.
Ok.  Thanks.  All set.
Is there anything else I can get for you today?
No, that would be all for today. Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome, enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a place for a restaurant called anatolia. Can you help me? 
Anatolia is a moderately priced Turkish restaurant in the city centre.
Thank you. What is the post code?
The post code is cb21uj. Would you like me to book a table for you?
No but I do need help finding a train leaving Kings Cross after 15:45.
Okay what day would you like to leave?
The train should go to cambridge and should leave on sunday.
I found 4 trains departing Kings Cross, heading to Cambridge after 15:45 on Sunday. What time would you like to depart? 
I have no preference. I just need to book one of those for 4 people.
OK, you have 4 seats reserved on TR2952, reference #J5O3AMV7. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all.  Thank you
Perfect. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Enjoy the rest of your day.
I'm looking for attractions in town that are in the architecture category.
Ah, we have some of the most beautiful architecture locally. I have 5 different venues to choose from. All are located in the centre of town. 
If you could choose your favorite and provide me the area, postcode and phone # that would be great.
My favorite is Old Schools, which is free to enter. They're located on trinity lane in postcode cb21tt. Their phone number is 01223332320.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a place to stay in the south that has free parking.
There are 4 places that meet your criteria. What price range are you looking for?
I'm looking for a place in the south that provides free wifi. Is there anything like that?
All four of the places include free wifi. Is there a particular price range you are wanting or would you like a recommendation?
What about free wifi and free parking?
Yes, those 4 places all offer free wifi and free parking. 
Can you give me a name of the hotel?
aylesbray lodge guest house is in 5 mowbray road	
Thank you.  Please confirm the number of stars and postal code for aylesbray.  
The star rating for the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is 4 and the postal code is cb17sr.  Anything else?
Thank you!  That should be all.  Goodbye!
If you have any further questions please let us know.
I need finding a Portuguese restaurant
Okay let's find one for you. I've got two in town. One's in the south and one is in the centre. Both are nandos locations.
I don't have a preference for location but it does need to be cheap. 
Both restaurants are cheap, if you are interested in a more expensive restaurant would you like me to check a different type of food?
no, i want one of those two restaurants.
nandos is definitely going to be the cheapest. It's the south side and I can get you a reservation there if you want.
Yes, please set a reservation for me.
What day and time do you want to make the reservation? Also, how many people are in your party?
Please book a table for 8 people at 14:15 on Tuesday.
I will book that for you now.
Ok thank you for your help and I need a reference number
Your reference number is : CE5BU114. What else can I help you with?
I also need a train for Tuesday that arrives by 10:45.
Where will you be departing? And where is your destination?
i am leaving from norwich and going to cambridge. 
I can put you on the tr0627 it will get there a little early at 9:55, how many tickets would you like?
same group of 8 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 140.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : BMSH4XDW. Anything else? 
That is all thanks.
Do you need help finding attractions or booking a taxi? I can assist you.
No that is it. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I am wanting to book a taxi to go to Cherry Hinton Water Play. I want to make sure I arrive by 10:00.
I'd be happy to. Could you tell me when and where the taxi should pick you up? 
I would like to be picked up from golden house. 
I have booked a taxi departing from golden house and arriving at cherry hinton water play at 10:00. It will be a grey volkswagen. Contact number: 07227441895.
Sounds perfect.  Thank you so much.  I won't need anything else right now.  Bye.
You are welcome.  Have a nice day.  Good bye.
I need a moderately priced restaurant on the east side of town.
Here are two suggestions on the east side, Curry Prince, Indian cuisine, and Pizza Hut fen dittion, Italian. 
Please book a table for two at the Curry Prince on Sunday at  15:45
Your booking has been completed.
Can I have a reference number please?
Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is SN8PDT2I.
Thank you.  I also need a place to stay.
Do you have any preferences on location or price range?
I would like it to be a guesthouse and have a 4 star rating.
I have 18 results that fit your criteria. What area would you like to stay in, and what is your price range?
I would like something moderately priced and include free parking. 
I would recommend the carolina bed and breakfast, which is located on the east side of town. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Yes please book a for the same group of people for 4 nights on the same day.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is KLDPGQ5D. Will that be all?
I also wanted some help booking a taxi if that's possible.  
Absolutely! What time would you like me to set up a taxi?
I want to be at the restaurant by 15:45.
Would the taxi be picking you up at the carolina bed and breakfast?
Yes please.  And I'd need the contact number and car type.
What will your destination be?
The restauarant by 15:45, please.
Do you have a preference in car?
Just something to get me from point A to point B, please.
Your taxi is a white Toyota. Your contact number is 07519034481. May I help with something else?
No, that's all for today. Thank you so much. 
No thank you that will be all
Are there any colleges I could visit?
Is there a specific area you looking for? 
No. Which one do you recommend?
There are no colleges in the area. How else may I help?
There are no colleges in all of Cambridge? I don't believe that is true
I'm sorry, my system went down for a minute. I can recommend Churchill College in the west. And it's free!
That sounds perfect. Thank you for all your help today. That's all I need. Goodbye.
Good bye. 
Hi, I'm looking for a restaurant suggestion in Cambridge.
What type of food and price range would you be interested in?
I'd like some Chinese food, please! 
I can definitely help you with that.  What price range were you looking for? 
I want something expensive. 
What area do you want the restaurant to be in?
In the centre of town, if possible.
sesame restaurant and bar is located in17 Hills Road City Centre. can i give you the phon number?
Yes, I would like the phone number. I also need a train on Monday to Cambridge from Birmingham New Street. I would like to leave after 13:15.
Here is the phone number 01223358899. Is there any particular time you would like to arrive by?
Any time will do, as long as it leaves after 13:15.
TR1328 leaves Birmingham New Street on Monday at 13:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 16:23. Will that work for you?
Is there any that leave earlier than 13:40?
The earliest train after 13:15 is the one leaving at 13:40.
Ok great and what is the arrival time?
the train will arrive at 16:23. anything else i can help you with?
No, thank you, that is all the information I need right now. 
Have a good evening. Bye. 
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel that has free wifi.
No problem. We have 17 such candidates. Do you want to specify further?
I am looking for a hotel in the west and it doesn't need to have free parking.
There are no hotels in the west, moderately priced with internet. Would you like to braoden your search?
Let's try for one in the north area instead.
The only thing available in the north is a guesthouse with the internet moderately priced with 4 stars. 
That's fine. I would like to book it for 3 people for 5 nights starting on Tuesday.
I appreciate your help. Thank you
What was the name of the hotel please?
There actually is a moderately priced place in the west with free wi-fi. It is a guesthouse called Hobson's House. Would you like me to make a booking for you? 
Yes please. Can I get the reference number too?
The booking was unsuccessful. May I book you for another day or a shorter stay?
how about for 3 days?
Yes, indeed! I can make a booking for three people for three days. The reference number for that booking is 463S05XE.
Thank you very much! Can you also help me find a train? I am looking for one that leaves from Cambridge after 11:00 and goes to Kings Lynn on Friday.
There are 13 possibilities. Every ride is 47 minutes and the cost is the same. Is there a certain time you'd like to arrive?
I'll take the train that is closet to 11:00 please. 
There is one leaving at 11:11. How many tickets do you need?
I need tickets for 3 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 29.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : RQ12EQA0.
Thank you! That's everything I needed. Have a great day!
You're welcome, have a nice day.
Where can I find the best architecture?
You must see great saint mary's church!!
Sounds great. Can I get the address and postcode for that?
Certainly! It is located in Market Square, which is in the center of town, and the postcode is CB23PQ. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Please book the ticket.
I'm sorry, I do not understand your request. Would you like help with anything else?
Yes, could you suggest some thai restaurants in the area?
You didn't select restaurant so I can not assist. Please fix. 
I am looking for a train from London Kings Cross to Cambridge. I need to leave after 15:15 on Friday.
TR8842 will leave at 15:17 and arrive by 16:08. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sounds great I need reservations for 7. I also need the reference number.
Great, you're booked. The reference number is : WEHJ6M9J. Anything else I can help you with today?
Can you call the police because my purse was snatched as i sitting on this bench talking to you.
Absoluting I will get right on that.
Jaja.. You're funny. Thanks for all your help today. Have a great day! Goodbye
of course, enjoy your visit!
Hello. I would like some information about the Aylesbray lodge guest house.
Ok.  Aylesbray lodge is in the south part of town, moderately priced, and has a 4 star rating.  Are you interested in booking a room?
Yes I'd like to book it for 4 people for 5 nights starting Monday. Would that be possible?
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful
Thats awful,is there any other options for the criteria that I need?
The only criteria you gave me is the name of the hotel. Are you sure you don't want to book a different day or make a shorter stay? 
How about 2 nights?
Yes, I was able to book you at The Aylesbray Lodge for 2 days. Your Reference number is J9AMLIVL. Is there anything I can assist you with? 
Thanks.  I also need a train from Kings Lynn on that day, leaving after 21:45.
I have a train that leaves monday at 22:11 arriving in cambridge at 22:58. Would you like me to book that for you?
Great! What is the price and train ID?
The train ID is TR2215 and the ticket price is 9.80 pounds.
Thank you so much. That is all the help I need today. I appreciate your time.
Have a wonderful trip! Goodbye
I'm seeking an attraction! A boat one will be nice. 
Great! I have four for you. Two are in the centre. Any location you'd like in particular?
No, I'd like the name of one in the centre please.
Sure, I can get tickets for the cambridge punter in the city centre. If that sounds okay, what day and time would you like?
Yes please! Thank you so much! 
I am sorry but you will have to get ticket there and here is the address 251a chesterton road.
I am also looking for the Oak Bistro, a place to eat. 
Do you want me to make a booking?
I am looking for information on The Varsity restaurant.
The Varsity is a moderately priced restaurant offering international cuisine. Would you like any other information?
Could you book me a table for 2 at 20:00 on Tuesday evening?
Ok! Your table for 2 at the Varsity Restaurant has been booked for Tuesday at 20:00. You reference number is: 1EB89A0F
Thank you so much, that is all.
You're welcome. Goodbye!
I'm craving Indian food and money isn't an issue so find me an expensive restaurant that serves it please
sure i have 14 options for you
Oh what the heck money is no object, an expensive indian restaurant in the west.
Tandoori Palace is the best one. It's at 68 Histon Road Chesterton, cb43le. Would you like a table booked?
Yes, I want to book for 3 people at 16:30 on Friday
Great! I've booked the tandoori palace for 3 on friday at 16:30. Would you like your reference number?
Yes thank you. Please give me the reference number for the restaurant.
Your booking was successful. Your table will be reserved for 15 mins. Reference number is : XLKZ4515. Anything else I can do for you?
I also need a train departing from cambridge going to stevenage leaving on Saturday after 19:45
There are 2 trains that meet your needs. One arrives at 22:10 and one arrives at 24:10. Both are 10.24 pounds. Would you like for me to book one?
No, please just give me the travel time, price, and train ID. Thanks
Which one would you like?
How about all three?
I'm sorry, I would be happy to give you the information. I meant, which of the two trains would you like?
Let's go with the one that arrives at 22:10. I'll need the train ID, price and travel time, please?
Okay. The train ID is TR5842. The travel time is 49 minutes. The price is 10.24 pounds. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all I needed today, thank you.
Ok! Have a wonderful day!
I need to book a train leaving leicester after 12:15.  Can you do that?
Where would your destination be?
I would like to go to Cambridge on Sunday and leaving after 12:15 please. 
There are 11 choices that are available. At what time would you like to arrive?
the sooner the better but now rush actually
First train leaves at 13:09 and then every hour. Do you want me to book for you?
yep, for 5 people at 13:09
tickets booked for 151.19 GBP, your ref number is DNL05V8N
awesome, that's all i needed, bye!
always there to help, safe trip!
I will be traveling soon and am excited about seeing some attractions.  I am looking for a place to stay when I get there.
I can certainly help with that! Can you tell me a little more about what you're looking for?
Thank you! I would like to stay in the North part of town, please.
There are many places to choose from. Do you have a certain price range you want to stay in? How about free wifi and parking?
I definitely need free wifi, and I'd like a 4 star place.
The archway house is in the north and 4 stars
That sounds great! What's their address and phone? And is that a hotel or a guesthouse?
archway house is a guesthouse. The address is 52 gilbert road and the phone number is 01223575314. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks.  Yes, I am also looking for places to go when I get there.  Are there any cinemas in the same area as Archway House?
What price range are you looking for?
I am looking for a cinema, are there any in the area?
I have 2 cinemas. One is in the south. The other is in the centre of town. Which do you prefer?
I need a cinema in the north. 
Unfortunately there are no cinemas in the north part of town. Would you like me to see if we have a few located in a different area?
What about a pool in the north?
There are 2 pools in the north, jesus green outdoor pool and kings hedges learner pool. Would you like more information on one of them?
Can I have the phone number and postcode for Kings Hedges?
01223353248	and cb42xh respectively
Thank you, I also need a taxi to communte between the two places. I'll need to leave the kings hedges learner pool by 3:45.
look out for a blue ford. the contact is 07584361462
Okay, great. Thank you for your help!
No problem, is there anything else I can help with? 
No that's all thank you for the help!
Glad, I could help you plan your experience in cambridge, enjoy your day.
I am looking for a train to Cambridge leaving around 16:00 can you find this for me .
Sure, but do you mean the train is leaving cambridge? if so where would you like to go?
I am looking for a train to take me to Norwich coming from Cambridge. preferably after 16.00 on Wednesday.
The TR7047 train departs Cambridge for Norwich at 16:36. Would you like me to book it for you? 
I might be interested in that. I just want to confirm. That leaves AFTER 16:00, correct?
Yes, TR7047 departs at 16:36 and arrives at 17:55. Would you like me to help you book a ticket for this train?
Yes. Also, I am looking for attractions in town center that provide entertainment
I'm afraid no attractions match that description. Could you like to check out other areas of the city?
OK, what about colleges in the town centre? 
Unfortunately there are no colleges in the centre of the city. Would you like me to check in other areas?
No. I would like a place to go in the centre that is entertainment. Can you please check again?
Actually, I don't have any entertainment, but there are 13 colleges in the centre. 10 have free entrance and 3 have an entrance fee. Would you like more information?
Can you give me two free options?
Sure, there's Pembroke College and Saint Catharine's. If you'd like to visit one of those I could give you the address.
Can you give me the phone number for Pembroke College?
The phone number for Pembroke College is 01223338100.
Thank you. Could you also give me the postcode and address of Pembroke college?
Certainly, pembroke college is located at trumpington street, postcode cb21rf. Can I assist you with anything else?
No I think that's all I need. Thanks for the help!
It's my pleasure. Have a great day! Goodbye!
is there a moderate priced restaurant?
I found several.  Do you have a preference on location?  
Yes, in the east part of town.
There are three results with your preferences of east area and moderate price range.
What is the address of one of them?
451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton
Excellent, thanks!
Is there anything else I can help you with? 
That's it, goodbye
you are welcome goodbye
Do you know of any places in the south that serve Italian food?
We have pizza hut cherry hinton which is moderately priced or frankie and bennys which is expensive.  Would you like me to book one of those?
Sure, lets go with Frankie and Bennys.
Alright, I will need to know how many people are in your party, and what time/day you would like to book for.
I need a table for eight at 15:30 on Sunday.
Alright, I have a table for 8 booked at 15:30 on Saturday. your reference number is 12263FX1.
Can you also give me the name of a theatre that is also in the south part of town?
The Junction Theatre is in the south area. Would you like the phone number?
No, but the address would be nice. 
Sure, The Junction Theatre is on Clifton Way.
Great, thank you.  Could you help with booking a taxi?
I certainly can when and where will you be leaving from, and where would you like to go?
I'd like a taxi from Junction Theatre to our restaurant. Please make sure it will arrive in time for our reservations. 
I have booked you a taxi that will pick you up at 15:00. The car type booked is a grey skoda and the contact number is 07952875900.
I think that's all I need for today. Thank you so much for all your help.
You're welcome! Have a nice day. Goodbye.
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am looking forward to trying some local restaurants.  Can you help me with a great place to dine?
What area and what price range would you be interested in ?
I am looking for an expensive place in any area.
What type of food would you like?
British food. And some where in the Centre. 
I have 3 places to choose from. All are expensive. I have Fitzbillies, The Cambridge Chop House and Midsummer House Restaurant. Can I reserve a table for you?
Fitzbillies sounds unique, can you book me for 5 people at 17:00 on tuesday?
I have your reservation for tuesday at 17:00 with 5 people, your reference number is UAZUXKIR.  Can I help you with anything else?
Since I'll already be in town, I'd like to check out some colleges in the same area as the Fitzbillies
I have many,does it matter if there an entrance fee?
No, as long as it is in the same area as the restaurant.
Can I recommend king's college,it is a beautiful college in the centre of town. 
What is the postcode and phone number?
The phone number is 01223331100 and the postcode is cb21st.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
no, that will be all. goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today.
Can you recommend any boats that are north of cambridge?
Yes the Riverboat Georgina at Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House postcode cb43ax is beautiful. The phone number is 01223902091 if you would like to call for more information.
Can I have the address and entrance fee?
Yes, the address is cambridge passenger cruisers, jubilee house. I don't have any information on the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help with?
Are there any moderately priced restaurants near the riverboat?
Sure, we have golden wok chinese, or the nirala indian in the north part of town. Can I book one for you?
No, but can I get the address today?
Sure, Golden Wok is at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. The nirala is at 7 Milton Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that's all I needed today. Thanks so much for your help!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You may help me by finding a Muslim restaurant for me to eat at please.
I'm sorry, but I'm not showing any Muslim restaurant listings.  Is there another type of food you would like to try?
can you book the backstreet bistro for me ?
sure when would you like to eat?
I'd like to book a table for two around 19:45 on wednesday.
I was able to book a table for two at the restaurant.  Your confirmation number is DI0KD8LZ.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thanks. Next can I get some info on theatre's in the centre?
I have four places there, what would you like to know?
Can you recommend one for me please?
ADC is a good place, what would you like to know?
Could you give me their address?
The address is park street. Is there anything else I could help you with? 
I would also like to know about any attractions that is in the centre of town that is a theatre type.
There is also Cambridge Arts Theatre, Mumford Theatre, and The Cambridge Corn Exchange.
Could I get the address for the Cambridge Arts Theatre?
The cambridge arts theatre is located at 6 saint edward's passage. postcode cb23pj
I'm looking for a museum in the east to visit.
We have four museums in the east area, I just went to the saint barnabas press gallery and they have new exhibits.  Would you like more information on them?
Sounds wonderful! Can you give me their postcode?
Their postcode is cb13ew. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'm also looking for a restaurant in the east part of town in the moderate price range.
There are 2 indian restaurants and one italian. Which would you prefer?
give me the address of the one you recommend
I recommend the rajmahal, they are t 7 Barnwell Road Fen Ditton, postal is cb58rg, can i assist with anything else?
Not at this time, thank you.
Thank you for calling. Please let us know if we can assist you in the future. Goodbye.
Hi, I'd like to find out more about any luxury hotels that have at least a 3-star rating.
I have found 2 luxury hotels that both have 3 star ratings. The Gonville and The Lensfield hotel are both available to book. 
The hotel should be expensive and does not need to have free parking.
Both the Gonville and Lensfield are expensive. Both also do have free parking. Do either one of those sound suitable?
the first one sounds ok to me.
I can go ahead and book it for you.
Yes please make a booking for 1 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
I made a reservation for you at the Gonville Hotel for 5 nights starting Saturday. Your reference is PUX8NRCE. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you.  That was all I needed.
Ok, have a great day!
I would want to find a train going to Cambridge. 
Ok.  And where are you leaving from?
The train should leave on wednesday and should depart from ely
Okay, there are 10 trains available. Do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
it should arrive by 11:15. get me the price
TR2006 is leaving at 11:35 and costs 4.40 pounds.
Thanks, I'm also looking for some places to go in the centre.
There are 44 different attractions in the centre. Can you narrow down your choices?
I think whatever you think is the best place, just choose that. I am not picky. 
Perhaps you would enjoy seeing All Saints Church on Jesus Lane?
that sounds lovely, what is their phone number, address and any entrance fee's?
The phone number for All Saints Church is 01223452587 and they are located on Jesus Lane. They do not charge an entrance fee. Can I do anything else for you?
No, that will be it. Thank you so much for your help!
Thank you for using our service!
Can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?
Sure, I'd be happy to help with your request.  To help narrow down the results, what area and price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range.  Something with 4 stars.  Area doesn't really matter to me.
Archway House is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating. They offer free Internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
 Can you book for seven people for three nights starting from Friday? 
Your reservations have been made.  Your reference number is A16QWFWX.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for a train to get to cambridge. I'll be departing from leicester.
i can help you with that! what day are you traveling?
Hello I am looking for a good, cheap, Spanish restaurant.Is there any that you can recommend? 
La raza is a cheap restaurant that serves spanish food.  Would you like their phone number?
Is that located in the centre?
It is indeed in the city centre. Would you like me to make reservations for you?
Yes. Friday. 2 people. 17:30. 
I have made your reservation at La Raza for 17:30 on Friday. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is OS5VNH62. Do you need anything else?
Ok, I also need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by 17:30.
No problem. Where are you departing from?
I will be departing from the restaurant. 
alright, then what is your destination please
I guess I need to book the hotel first.  Is there a guesthouse in the same area as La Raza?  
There are two guesthouses in the centre. I recommend el shaddai
Do they have internet and what is the phone number?
The Alexander Bed and Breakfast has internet and the phone number is 01223525725.
Does the Alexander Bed and Breakfast also have free parking? 
Yes they have free parking and wifi. 
Please go ahead and book the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for me.
I will book but I need to know how many people and for what day?
for 2 on friday
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is OSNXB1IR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What car will be picking me up?
A grey honda is booked. You can call 07936397340 to reach them.
Thanks for all the bookings. I'm ready for my visit now. Take care. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Can you find a place in town that serves Polynesian food?
Sorry, I couldn't find any of that food type.
Well, how about some other kind of food, in the cheap price range.  I think I'd like to stick to the north.
There is da vinci pizzeria, an Italian food place, and also royal spice, an Indian food place.
How about the Italian place, can you make a reservation?
I can definitely make a reservation. What day are you looking to book it?
Saturday at 13:00 please.  I need a table for 8.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 93YHU8BN. anything else?
Nope, that is everything. Thanks!
I am glad I can help you. Have a wonderful day and thank you for using our services!
Hello.  Can you please help me find a nice restaurant that serves Korean food?  I need to know the address too.
Little Seoul is a nice restaurant that serves Korean food.  The address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
And what is the postcode? 
The post code is C.B 2, 1.D P .  
Thank you. Good bye 
Thank you.
What kind of attraction are there here?
There are many attractions around cambridge depending on what you're looking for. Do you have a specific area of town in mind?
Actually, I'm interested in a restaurant called Rice House. 
Yes the Rice House is cheap and located in the center and their telephone number is 01223367755. They serve Chinese food.
Great.  Can you reserve a table for 7 on Friday at 13:30?
Yes, I can take of that reservation for you.
Thank you. I'll need a reference number, please?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OF78TYXX. anything else?
I am looking for a place called the man on the moon, can you give me their phone number and postcode please
Sure, their phone number is 01223474144, post code cb12lf
Great, that will be all. Thank you!
You are welcome, have a nice day.
Thank you, you too.
Do you need any info on travel etc?
No thank you that will be all
You're welcome, have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay with free wifi in the east part of town.
There are 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel that match your request. Would you like to add additional preferences to narrow your search?
Preferably something on the cheaper side. 
I have 3 guesthouses that meet your needs, would you like to book one of them?
Do any of the three have parking? 
Yes, all three have free parking. I personally recommend the Autumn House.
Okay, could you tell me the address for that guesthouse?
Sure.  It's located on 710 Newmarket Road.  Anything else?
Thank you. How many stars does the Autumn House have?
The Autumn House has 4 stars. Do you want me to book a room for you?
No, that's okay. Thanks for your help. Bye!
Glad we could help, thank you and goodbye! 
I'm looking for a place to stay with free parking. 
Great, I have several options for you. Is there a particular area you're looking for?
One in the moderate price range. 
Can we narrow down your search by area?
I would really like a guesthouse please.
great, i have 12 options for you to choose from!
Could you just find me the best guesthouse to book.
Perhaps we can narrow it down.  There are guest houses in the north, south, east and west of town. Which area do you prefer?
I am fine with the west of town. 
Hobsons house fits all your criteria, shall I book a room for you?
 Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Sure!  What day are you checking in?
I will be checking in on Saturday and will be staying for 5 nights. I need it for 5 people. 
Your booking was successful! Your reference number is 3PZWSMZ5. Is there anything else you need?
I also need a restaurant in the centre.  
There are many restaurants in the city centre. Is there any specific kind of food you would like? 
I am in the mood for Asian oriental food. I am looking for something in the moderate price range, please.
The Yippee noodle bar is located in the centre. Would you like for me to book a table for you?
Yes that would be great, thanks. The same group that you booked the hotel, we'll need a table on the same day at 13:45.
I was able to book for you. Your reference number is UL1US0KU.
Thank you. That is all that I need.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for information on a hotel called hamilton lodge.
Sure thing, here is the address 156 chesterton road
Thanks! Can you book a room for 5 people please? We'll be arriving on Monday and staying 5 nights.
I have that room booked for you. The reference number is RNC1KZBT.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Enjoy your stay!
I am looking for a train. I need to leave Cambridge and I would like to arrive by 09:45.
Could you tell me your intended destination please?
I need to get to the Stansted Airport on Thursday.
I have four different trains that would get you to Stansted Airport by 9:45 on Thursday. What time would you like to leave?
It doesn't matter what time I leave, just so I arrive by 09:45.
How about TR7966? It leaves at 05:40?
Sure. can i just get the travel time and departure time please
Train TR2547 arrives at Stansted Airport Thursday at 8:08. Travel time is 28 minutes, and you would leave at 7:40. Can I book it for you?
No that won't be necessary. Thank you for the information.
You're welcome. Please let us know if there is anything else we can help with. 
Can you get me information on a placed called williams art and antiques?
I certainly can. That's a museum in the centre, with free admission.
I would like to find a place called Williams Art and Antiques.
It is a museum located in the centre. Admission is free. 
What is the address?
williams art and antiques is located at gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery
Thank you. Can you also tell me about a restaurant called riverside brasserie?
The Riverside Brasserie serves modern european cuisine in the Centre area of town, it is moderately priced.  I would be happy to give you more information or book a table?
I would like you to book for 8 people on 14:30 on sunday
Your reference number is WFZTQIKD. 
Thank you. I'll also need a taxi to go from Williams Art and Antiques to the restaurant. I need to be there by 14:30. 
I have booked your taxi. You'll be expecting a grey lexus. The contact number is 07863326057.
Thank you, goodbye, have a nice day 
Enjoy your trip!  Thanks for booking through us.
Can you help me find a train departing from cambridge going  to kings lynn?
of course, what day are you traveling?
I want to leave on Thursday and arrive by 14:00.
We have nine trains arriving by 14:00 that day. What time are you looking to leave by?
I don't have a specific time to leave but I do want to arrive before 14:00. How much will this cost?
The price is 9.80 pounds per ticket. would you like me to book you passage?
No thanks. Not at this time. Can you help me find a room to stay that is moderately priced?
There are a lot of moderately priced hotels. Do you have a preference on which area?
No, I don't care where it is.  I like 3 stars and I absolutely need free wifi.
Bridge guest house is a moderately priced, 3 star guesthouse with wifi in the south area. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes, make the reservation please.
Alright, I can take care of that for you.  How many nights will you be staying?
Actually I don't need a reservation at this time.
Is there something else I can help you with then?
Nope.  That should cover it.
My pleasure. 
I'm involved in a minor traffic accident, and the other driver isn't being very cooperative.
Oh dear I am sorry to hear that. I can get you the phone number for Parkside Police Station if you would like?
yes, please. I need the address, postcode too.
The phone number is 01223358966 and they are located at Parkside, Cambridge CB11JG.
Thank you so much for your help. Bye now.
You are most welcome!
I would like a train to Cambridge that leaves after 17:00.
There are very many trains that fit your requirements, where are you leaving from and what day would you like to leave?
I'd like to leave on Monday from Stansted Airport.
Ok, there are 7 trains that fit those requirements, can you tell me what time you would like to arrive by?
I don't mind we can get there any time.
TR4096 leaves at 17:24 and arrives by 17:52, would you like me to book a seat for you?
Yes can you give me the travel time?
Sure, I was able to book your seat and your reference number is 4EIV9UFN which is payable at the station. The travel time is 28 minutes.
Thanks! Also, could you tell me if there are any places in the center of town that serve british food? Something expensive would be great.
There are 3. How about fitzbillies restaurant? Should I book you a table?
Yes that sounds great, I need a table for 8 at 20:45 on Monday please.
Unfortunately that time is not available do you have another time you'd like to try?
Okay, is there an available time at 19:45?  Also, can I get a reference number?
That booking was successful. Your reference number is FZTWSZHH. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think that's everything, thank you
You are welcome. Have a nice day. 
I am looking for attractions in the north, please.
I have a couple of swimming pools, a boat area, and a park that fit your description. Do you want any more information on any of these 3?
Yes I would like the postcode of a swimming pool you recommend.
There are two swimming pools but i will recommend the jesus green outdoor pool to you. The Zip code is cb43px. Is there another thing i can help you with?
Yes, I need a place to stay with free wifi and in the north as well.
There are 33 places that fit that criteria. What price range would you like?
Do any of them have free parking?
11 places have free parking, any other preferences?
I just want free parking, free wifi, and for it to be in the north. What do you recommend?
The acorn guest house you be just perfect for you. Shall I book it ?
Yes, please.  There will be three of us staying for 4 nights, starting Friday.
I was able to book it, the reference number is GB5F6801
Great I also need a taxi to take me between the places.
Okay, where is the departure and destination please?
I want to leave the hotel by 3:30 to go to the pool.
A red Ford will pick you up at the Acorn at 15:30 and take you to the pool. Contact number is 07688317970. Can I help with anything else?
That will be all, thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
have a great day too
I'll be going now, good bye.
i want to find a hospital in town
Alright, Addenbrookes hospital is located on Hills Road, Cambridge. Do you want the phone number?
Yes, please give me the phone number.
The phone number to the hospital is 01223245151. Can I help you with anything else?
That's all I needed, thanks so much!
welcome. at your service next time
Awesome! Have a good day!
You as well. Thanks for calling. Goodbye now!
I'm injured pretty severely and need a hospital with a john farman intensive care unit.
That would be Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Did you need their number?
Yes, that would be perfect.
The number is 01223245151.
Perfect. Could you also give me the postcode?
The postcode for Addenbrookes Hospital is CB20QQ.
Ok, great thanks. I will head over there. Gotta go, bye. 
Okay glad we could be of help. Will you require a taxi to get there?
No thank you.  My son is driving me.  On our way now.
There is availability. Your reference number is 4UWMYDCI.
Hi! I'd like to book a taxi to Travellers Rest, please, and I need to get there absolutely no later than 11:45.
Your car type is the Grey Skoda and its contact number is 07506457479.
I need to go to travellers rest. Is that OK?
Hello, I sent you the car type and contact number earlier. Is there anything else I can help with?
No that is all , thank you. 
Awesome! Take care and enjoy your evening.
I am looking for a cheap restaurant.
What type of food would you like?
i dont care
There are 22 results. Is there an area that you would prefer? 
Yes, in the west part of town please.
There are two results. la margherita serves italian food and thanh binh serves vietnamese food.
What is the address and phone number of one of them?
Thanh Binh is located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the phone number is 01223 315232.
Is there anything else?
Would you prefer information on La Margherita?  It's the only other cheap restaurant in that area.
Yes, please.
La Margherita's phone number is 01223 315232 and you can find them at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre.
Thank you. Good bye.
Thank you and have a great day!
I'm hoping to find a french restaurant in Cambridge.
There are two. Both are expensive. One is in the north and one is in the centre. Do you have a preference?
How about the North?  Can I get a table there Thursday at 16:30 for 7?
I'm sorry, Restaurant Two Two doesn't have availability then. Would you like to try a different day or time?
Yes, would I be able to get a table there Thursday at 18:00 for 7?
I'm sorry 18:00 on Thursday is also unavailable.  Would you like to try a different day?
Well how about 15:30 then?
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OAEJMYOI.
I am also looking for an attraction to go to. Is there any in town?
We have nearly 80 different attractions in town. First off, is there a type of attraction you would prefer? Or an area of town to search in? 
Please recommend something in the South.
How about a cinema or museum?  There's also The Place, which is a nightclub.  Or, The Junction, which is a theatre.  How about one of those?
Surprise me and pick one for me! Just make sure to let me know what kind of attraction it is. 
How about a theater? Cineworld Cinema is showing all our the newest London films!
I'm not much of a movie man, but I'm sure the others wouldn't mind. That sounds fine.
Great, is there anything else you needed help with today?
No, that's all I need.  Thank you for your help!  
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I would like to go to a museum.
Cambridge offers 23 museums. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
No, just the one you like. I will need the address and phone number. 
I would recommend the museum of classical archaeology. It's in the west side on sidgwick avenue. The phone number is 01223335153. Do you need anything else?
I am also looking for a train that should leave on sunday and go to london kings cross.
There are approx. 10 trains for that day and route. Can you tell me if you have a time you want to leave after or arrive by? 
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave after 13:00
I have train TR9386 that will depart at 15:00 and arrive at 15:51.  Does that sound like it would work for you?
is there anything that leaves closer to 13:00??
Yes, the TR7447 Leaves at 13:00. How many tickets please?
How much does train TR9386 cost as I would prefer that one?
It costs 18.88 pounds.  Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
No, that will be it! Thank you!
Glad I could help you. Have a good day!
I haven't had German food in ages so please find me a place in the centre that serves it
I'm sorry, there aren't any German restaurants in the centre, would you like me to expand the search to other parts of town?
Sure, but please make sure there aren't any in the centre again too. 
There aren't any options for German food for any area, I'm afraid. Would you like to try a different type of food?
is there one that serves italian food?
Yes, there is. What's your price range?
Expensive price range and I need a table for 7 at 13:00 on Thursday and the reference number.
your all set reference # is 79REVFJ1. anything else today?
Yes I'm looking for a train to Cambridge that same day.
Ok great. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from kings Lynn.
and what time do you need to leave?
I just need to arrive by 10:30.
There are 5 trains that will get to Cambridge by 10:30. The earliest departs Kings Lynn at 05:11. The latest one leaves at 09:11.
The 9:11 one is cool. I need to book for 7 people. Can I make sure to get the reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 68.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : H6VTWBV8.  What else can I do for you today? 
Thank you, thats all i needed.
thanks for inquiring with us.
you're welcome, goodbye!
Goodbye and have a great day.
Hi. I am looking for a train going to Cambridge on Thursday. Can you help me?
Train TR2775 departs from london kings cross.
No, I need a train that departs from stansted airport and it should leave after 11:30.
The first train to Cambridge from the airport after 11:30 is TR9775, leaving at 12:24 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:52. Will that work?
I think so. What exactly is the travel time on that one?
The travel time on that route is 28 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
I'm also looking for a particular hotel. The name is Leverton house.
Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Please. I'd like a room for myself, I'll be checking in on thursday and would like to stay for two days.
I'm sorry but I was unable to book that hotel with your exact details. Would you like to book on another day or for a shorter stay?
Okay, try for one night instead please.
Booking was successful for Thursday for one night. Your reference number is : GMAAU9LE. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, you have been a great help.  Thank you and goodbye!
Thank you, and please remember you can contact us at any time if you need any further assistance! Have a great day! 
Hello, I need a train on Wednesday arriving at 14:30.
Ok, I can help you with that. Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Cambridge and going to Leicester and I need to arrive by 14:30.
TR2176 leaves at 09:21. can i book for you?
please make a booking for 3 people. Make sure you get the reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : FHU6LGXD. is there anything else i could help you with?
I'm looking for some information about a and b guest house.
It is located in the east, is moderately priced, and has a 4 star rating.  It has free internet.  It's located at 124 Tenison Road.
Thank you. Can I also get the phone number?
Sure. Their phone number is 01223315702. Anything more I can help with?
No, that is all I need for now.
It's been my pleasure. Goodbye
Can you give me directions to Byard Art in Cambridge?
I can tell you that Byard Art is located at 14 King's Parade, postcode cb21sj.  Does that help?
Yes, I will also need the phone number and entrance fee please.
The number is 01223464646 and it is free of charge.
Can you give me the address please?
The address is 14 king's parade.  Do you need anything else?
Hmm, that number doesn't seem like it would be correct. Can you double check that for me?
Yes, I am so sorry for the error.  The correct phone number is 01223464646 and admission is actually free.
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel, and it doesn't matter if it doesn't have internet.
There are 21 options. Do you have any other preferences to narrow the search?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range and include free parking.
I have moderate hotels across Cambridge do you have an area in mind?
No, but I do need free wifi.  Could you book a room for Wednesday?  I will need it for 4 nights.  I will be alone.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to shorten your stay or add another day?
How about 1 night? Could you also please provide me with the reference number? I would also like to book a taxi.
Booking was successful at acorn guest house. Reference number is M8SHUQUG.
I'd also like to book a taxi to go between the two. I'd like to leave Byard Art by 21:30.
I booked you a yellow tesla.  The contact number is 07903950183.  Is there anything else I can assist you with? .
No, that's all. Thank you!
You're welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Am robbed and looking for help
You need to go to the police station at Parkside, Cambridge, CB11JG
Thanks, I need the phone number too please.
The phone number is 01223358966.
Hi, I would like to book a 4 star guesthouse in Cambridge
Sure, is there an area that you prefer?
Yes, I would like it to be in the north. 
Do you care about internet or parking?
Yes, I will need both.
We have 7 places to pick from any other preferences?
I have no other preferences.
Okay, I would like to recommend the Acorn Guest House. 
Great.  Please book it for 2 people for 2 nights starting on wednesday, and provide the reference number.  Also, we would like to find an attraction near the hotel.
I have booked at the Acorn Guest House. Your reference number is  TVFEX8R1. How can I further assist you?
What attractions are nearby?
Okay. There are boats, a park, and pools. Would like more information on any of this?
Anything that you recommend, I'm new to the town.
I would recommend riverboat georgina. Would you like the address or phone number for that?
Yes can you please get that for me?
Their address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House. Their phone number is 01223902091. 
I'm going to need a ride between the two, can I get a taxi?
What time would you like to travel?
I need to leave the hotel by 16:15. Thanks
A Red Lexus will pick you up at 16:15 at the hotel. Contact number is 07277932086. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all, thank you so much!
you're welcome. thank you for using our system. have a good day.
I'm looking for a train that leaves on friday 
I have several trains leaving on that day.  Where are leaving from and your destination? 
I am traveling from Kings Lynn to Cambridge.
Okay, we have 19 trains leaving on friday.  Do you have any times you wish to leave and arrive by?
Arrive by 10:45.
I have the TR1612 that leaves friday at 9:11 and will arrive at 9:58. Would you like me to book that?
Yes please book for 1 person and provide me with the reference number.
I booked it for you. Your reference number is GWME416R. Is here anything else I can help you with today? 
Yes, I am also looking for a 3 star guesthouse that's moderately priced and has wifi. 
You have 3 choices: one in the south, one in the north, and one in the west. Would you like to book a room at one of these?
What's the name of the one in the south?
The bridge guest house. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is its address?
The phone number is 01223247942 and postcode is cb28rj.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that should be all.  Thank you!
You're welcome, have a great stay.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Congratulations! When are you traveling? Would you like to come by bus or train?
Train please. I need to leave cambridge on friday after 12:15 going to broxbourne.
There are 11 trains meeting those requirements, leaving once an hour starting at 13:01. They all have a duration of 60 minutes and cost 17.90 pounds.
Can you book me on the first train at 13:01.  I need 4 people to be reserved for.  If I can get a reference number that would be great!
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is PUWPI5NE.
Thank you! Can you also tell me some information about the fitzwilliam museum?
Okay it's located in the centre an free to get in. 
What attraction type would you classify it as?
It's a museum. Do you need more information?
what area is it in?
Sure it is located in the city center.
thanks for all of your help
is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all for today.
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip! Goodbye.
I need a train from broxbourne
What day would you like to travel to Broxbourne?
I need to leave on Thursday.
Do you have time travel preference?
Yes, time travel would be fine. But I need to get to Cambridge by 11:45 at the latest.
My apologies about the confusion, it looks like the best option for you is the TR5979, which leaves at 10:32 and arrives at 11:32. Shall I book this for you?
Yes, please book this for 8 people. I will also need the reference number.
Booking was successful for TR5979, the total fee is 143.19 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is : CNUS8VFV. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm looking for a hotel with free wifi. It doesn't need to have free parking.
Will a guesthouse do, or are you only interested in a hotel?
Just a hotel, and it needs a three star raiting.
I've got the gonville hotel with a 3 star rating.  Would you like me to make a booking for you?
No thank you. I just need the price and the postcode please.
Certainly, the postcode for gonville hotel is cb11ly. the price range for the hotel is expensive, but I don't have the actual price.
Thank you. That's all I need for now.
hobsons house looks good, it's got a 3 star rating and wifi. would you like me to book it?
Is that a hotel. If so, could you get me the postcode and price range please.
Hobsons house is a guesthouse and the postcode is cb39lh. It is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room?
No, I'll book one when I get there. Thank you for your help! 
I'm happy to have been of service. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all I needed.
Okay then, you have a wonderful day!
I would like to dine at a restaurant in the south that serves barbeque. Can you help?
Nothing matches that search, can I try a different area or restaurant type?
Oh, that's too bad.  How about Italian?
Yes I have two in the south. do you have a preference in price range?
Either one is fine, Ill go with what you recommend, please book me for 8 people at 18:45 on thursday.
i have booked frankie and bennys	and Reference number is : JMGIG52I.
Great!  Thank you.  Have a great day!
Thank you! You as well!
I want to find a restaurant in the north part of town that serves christmas food.
There are no restaurants that seve Christmas food.
How about asian oriental food?
Saigon city serves Asian oriental food as is in the north part of town.
That sounds like it will work.  May I have the address and phone number, please?
Saigon City has an address of 169 High Street Chesterton, their phone number is 01223 356555.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge Restaurant Phone System. Enjoy your meal!
please find me a good cinema to go
what about vue cinema? It's located in the centre.
Can I have the postcode and phone number?
Sure. The postcode is CB11PS and the phone number is 08712240240.
I'm also looking for a place to stay in. Can you find me a 4 star place?
We have 21 hotels and guesthouses ranked 4 stars. Do you have a particular area of the city you'd like to stay in?
I would like something in the west. It doesn't need to have internet. 
There are 3 hotels in the west. Two are cheap and one is expensive. Do you have a price preference?
Let's go with the cheap one.
There are 2. Would you like to stay in a guesthouse, or in a hotel?
A hotel would be perfect!
Ok.  So that is the cambridge belfry.  Should I make a reservation for you?
What is the price range?
The cambridge belfry is in the cheap range, with 4 star rating has internet and parking. Should I book a room for you?
Yes, that would be wonderful.
how many people should i book for?
One person, please.
for how many days and starting when do i book?
For 1 day
What day would you like to check in?
What days are available?
They have a very flexible schedule. Please give me a day of the week and I will look for you.
I don't actually need to book a room right now, can you just give me the price range that is in?
As I mentioned before, the Cambridge Belfry is in the cheap range. Will there be anything else for you today?
No. I believe that is all. Thank you for your assistance.
Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Feel free to call back for more information.
I'm looking for a restaurant the serves austrian food in the centre.
I'm sorry, but no restaurants match your criteria. Would you like to broaden your search?
What about something in the expensive price range? 
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the center of town, but no austrian ones. In fact, there are no austrian restaurants in all of cambridge.
Ok, how about an expensive Italian restaurant around the centre?
Would you like to book don pasquale pizzeria? It matches all of your latest criteria.
Yes.  I'd also like their phone number please.
Don Pasquale Pizzeria's phone number is 01223350106, what date, time, and number of people would you like to book?
That's all the info I need on the pizzeria. I also need a train to leave after 20:15 and depart from stansted airport.
The first train leaves from stanstead airport on friday at 20:24. Would you like me to book it for you? 
Actually I need a train on Sunday, please.
Alright, I have the earliest on Sunday leaving at 20:24 from Stansted Airport. Should I book this train for you?
What is the arrival time in Cambridge?
The 20:24 train from stansted arrives in cambridge at 20:52. It's a quick, 28-minute trip!
What is the name of the stop where I need to get off for the restaurant?
the train stop is cambridge.
Should I book this train for you?
There are 4 trains available one leaves at 20:24 would that work for you?
I will just need the arrival time please. 
The arrival time for TR2021 is 20:52.
Please book that train for me.
I would be happy to book TR2021 for you. The cost is 8.08 a ticket. How many tickets will you need?
That's actually all I need this afternoon. Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Feel free to contact us again if you need any more information.
I need a train from cambridge to go to london liverpool street
sure, what day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Thursday.
Do you know what time you need to depart or arrive by so I can narrow the options?
I will be traveling on a Sunday, and I need to arrive by 14:30
You will be traveling on Thursday or Sunday? You've said both. 
I should leave Cambridge on sunday and arrive in london liverpool street by 14:30. I need 4 tickets and a reference number.
TR5504 would arrive at 13:27, would that work?
Yes, that's perfect. I need tickets for 4 people, please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : B8QZ32WO. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, i need to find a restaurant to visit in the centre of town. Preferably in the moderate price range. 
There are 21 that fits your criteria. Which cuisine would you like, to help narrow your choices down?
It doesn't matter.
Yippee Noodle Bar meets your criteria, would you like their information?
Yeah, tell me the address for that restaurant and the type of food they serve
They are an Asian/Oriental restaurant, and are located at 40428 King Street City Centre. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all that I need.
Thank you for using the Help Desk.  Have a great day!
Is there a train that leaves to london liverpool street on friday? Thankyou.
There are several, do you have a specific time you'd like to leave or arrive?
Can you help me find a train to london liverpool street? 
Train TR5154 leaves Friday to London Liverpool Street at 5:59 and arrives by 7:27. Would you like me to book this for you?
That works. I just need one ticket. 
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: 0XOVBBAJ. Will there be anything else today?
Yes I need to find a guesthouse that has a 4 star rating, I hate dirty hotels, don't you?
What area would you like to be in?
I am interested in staying in the south.
I found 2 guesthouses in the South both have a 4 star rating. There are two price ranges cheap and moderate, which do you prefer? 
I have no preference. I need to book a room for 2 nights starting wednesday.
I suggest rosa's b ed and breakfast. Would you like to book that?
Yes, please and let me know if the booking is successful.
How many people will be staying?
Just 1 will be staying there. I do need the reference number.
Your reference number is VFXJ5FEM.
Ok thank you that is all I needed. 
Okay. Thank you for calling.
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel with free parking.
Do you have a preference on area?
No, but I would like a 4-star guesthouse.
We have 9 options, including home from home guesthouse in the north. Shall I book it for you?
That sounds good.  Yes, please book it for 2 nights starting on Tuesday.
Of course, how many people will there be?
3 people only.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : CM5SEPYO. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome! Have a nice day!
I really need to find a hospital in town, can you help me?
I can.  There are 66 different listings for medical services in the area.  Did you need a specific department?
No, I don't need a specific department. Just the address and postcode for the hospital, please.
Sure thing, the address for Addenbrookes Hospital is Hills Rd, Cambridge. The postcode is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves Japanese food. 
Wagamama is a Japanese restaurant that's in the centre part of town. 
Can i please have the phone number and address ?
Their phone number is 01223 462354 and their address is 36 Saint Andrews Street. 
Thank you goodbye.
You're welcome.
I am looking for Italian restaurants in Cambridge in the cheap price range.
We have a few in the north, west, and centre. Do you have a preferred location?
I'm looking for something in the north, please!
Da vinci pizzeria is the only cheap Italian restaurant in the north, located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Would you like to reserve a table?
No thanks, I just need the phone number, address, and postcode. 
The address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. The postcode is cb41jy and the phone number is 01223351707. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, please. I also need a train on Monday, arriving at 17:45.
I'll be happy to help with that. Where would you like to depart from and where would you like to go?
I would like to go to Norwich. 
Sure thing where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving cambridge heading to norwich
Train TR9460 leaves Cambridge at 15:36 and would get you to Norwich by 16:55.  Would you like me to book for you?
No thanks. Maths isn't my biggest strength so please tell me what the total travel time is.
The total travel time is 79 minutes. Can I do anything else for you today?
I think that is all the info on the train that I needed. 
If there is anything else you might need please feel free to call back.  Enjoy your day!
I'm looking for an expensive place to eat in the centre. 
There are a lot of great, expensive restaurant in the centre. What type of food would you prefer?
It doesn't matter to me which type of food they serve. What would you recommend for a person eating alone?
How about Midsummer House Restaurant, serving British food? It's at Midsummer Common. Would you like to book a table?
Yes please, can you book a table for 1 on Monday at 13:00?
You are booked! Your table will be reserved for fifteen minutes and your reference number is RKD8KQPM.
Thanks! I also need a train to peterborough and I need it to arrive by 10am and arrive on tuesday to cambridge 
I am sorry, would you like to go to or from Cambridge?
I will be departing from Cambridge and traveling to Peterborough. 
Sure, I can book you on TR0162 arriving by 7:56.  Will this be a reservation for 1 also?
Yes, this will be for one person only. Thank you very much
Yes your booking was successful and your reference number is P68PH2RR.
Okay thank you very much.
Okay Glad I could help you.
I'm looking for some information about places to go in Cambridge. 
Is there a particular area of town that you would like to visit?
in the west. let me know the attraction type and entrance fee
Magdalene college is a college with free admission.
Sounds good, Can you lookup places to stay that are 4 stars and moderately priced?
I havea few. What area are you looking at?
The same area as the attraction.
I'm sorry, I don't have anything in the West area that matches what you are looking for. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
How about in the cheap range?
We have finches bed and breakfast guesthouse and the cambridge belfry hotel, any preferences?
I'd like the finches bed and breakfast guesthouse
Can I book this for you?
Yes, please book it and give me the reference number.
On what day would you like to arrive?
on thursday please
I can book that for you now.
book it for 8 peple and 4 nights from thursday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : PNPGQMFM.
I also want to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
what time do you want to arrive?
I need to leave the hotel by 22:00.
Okay, good deal. I've booked the taxi for you. Your car type will be a white bmw, and the contact number is 07786419072.
Well thank you that will be all for today
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre and enjoy your visit. Goodbye.
I want a place to stay in the moderate price range.
Okay, were you looking for a hotel or a guesthouse?
I am interested in a guesthouse on the east side please.
There are 3 guesthouses on the east side. Would like one with free parking?
Yes, free parking would be helpful. Please book me a room for four guests, for four nights. I will be arriving on Friday. May I have the reference number?
i have booked warkworth house and the Reference number is : 93SG6IOJ
I need to find somewhere to eat. 
There are 110 restaurants in the city, do you know the area you would like to eat in?
The same area as the hotel, please
Is there a price range you'd prefer?
I want fancy, but not quite "Frasier and Niles Crane fancy", how about moderately priced?
There are a few moderately priced restaurants on the east side of town. Would  you prefer Indian or Italian?
I do not have a preference.
How about curry prince?
That sounds interesting. Can I book it for Friday?
I'd be happy to help with that. What day and time would you like the table?
Friday at 18:30 please
Sure, how many people would you like it booked for? 
I need to book it for 4 people.
Your all set, your reference number is 5D033K1E, is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll need a taxi to the restaurant for that reservation.
Great. Your driver will be there in a red Volkswagen to bring you to Curry Prince by 18:30. Their number is 07105624128.
Thank you so much for your help. I greatly appreciate it.
You are very welcome. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Yes, I am looking for a place to stay. I would prefer to stay in the North at a 3 Star location.
I show 2 option, both in the moderate price range. Do you need parking or internet?
Neither of those matter, but I would like it to be a guesthouse.  Do one of those match?
Alpha-Milton Guest House is 3 stars with no internet or parking. Would you like to book a room there?
I'd like to book it for 4 people and 2 nights starting Monday. I need the reference number as well. 
Fantastic, your reference number is T2AUGQ7S. Is there anything else you need today?
Yes, I need a train to get me to Cambridge on Monday.
Where did you want to get on the train?
I will be departing from peterborough. 
Okay, there are lots of choices. What time of day would you like to travel?
I need to get there by 20:45.
TR7940 will get you there by 20:38, would you like me to book it you some tickets?
No, I don't need assistance with the booking. Can you tell me the cost of the ticket though?
The cost per ticket is 16.50 pounds. Can I assist you with anything more? 
No, that's everything. Thank you.
You're welcome! I hope that you enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Have a nice day.  Bye.
I'm just needing a place to stay.
Do you have a price range in mind?
I don't want anything too cheap or anything that will break the bank, just somewhere moderately priced.
Okay. What part of town will you be visiting? 
The west part I need the address and phone number and zip.
It is called Hobsons house, it is on 96 Barton road. their number is 	01223304906, cb39lh is their postcode. 
Does that have free wifi and parking? If so, I'd like a reservation.
Yes, it does have parking and internet. What day would you like to begin your stay, how many days in total, and how many people please?
I want to book it for 7 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
The booking for 7 people at the Hobson House arriving on Sunday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : FFJYSLN4. Can I assist you any further? 
No thank you.
All right then, thanks for using our services and I hope you have a wonderful visit in Cambridge. Goodbye!
Can you find a hotel by the name of Leverton House?
Yes, I have found the Leverton House located in the east.
Great, can you book a room for  people please?  We would like 3 nights arriving on Sunday.
How many people would you like to book?
Sorry about that. I would like it for 5 people.
Sorry, I couldn't find a room available. Would you like to find another hotel?
Please, search another hotel in the same pricerange that the Leverton house. 
I have several, in what area would you like it to be?
i don't care.
I was able to book you at the allenbell. Reference number BON67CDZ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great that was all I needed today, thank you!
Okay. Glad I could be of assistance.
I need a tax arriving by 17:00.
Sure! where are you going?
I am going to visit queens' college
What is your departure site?
I'm departing from ask.
I have a black honda for you with contact number 07810177049.
Wonderful. Thank you.
Can I assist you with anything else?
No, I am all set. Goodbye.
Thank you Goodbye
Hi! Can you tell me a little bit about the colleges that are in the center of town?
There are 13 colleges to visit in the centre. Are you interested in visiting christs college? 
Sounds great. What is the address?
The address for Christ's College is Saint Andrew's Street.
Is there an entrance fee for the college?
There is no entrance fee for Christ's College.
Great. I'm looking for Midsummer House Restaurant also. Can you help me book it?
Yes, I can! When and what time would you like to go? Also how many people is the reservation for?
I need to book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on Tuesday.
It has been booked the reference number is E8J6X7ZH the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. 
I also need a taxi between both places to arrive by the booked time
I've booked your taxi! A Grey Volkswagen will you pick you up and take you to the restaurant. The contact number is 07776457787. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. Will the taxi arrive at the restaurant by 16:00?
Yes, the taxi is due to arrive at 16:00.
Great. Thank you for your help.
It's my pleasure. Let me know if you ever need anything else.
Hello! I am looking for a place to stay. I would like to stay in the moderate price range with a rating of 2 stars, if possible.
I have two options that are in the north area. How many people would you like to reserve a room for?
I don't know for sure yet. Does either include free wifi and parking? 
They both have free internet and parking and are both in the moderate price range. 
Okay, I need to book one of them for 1 person starting Tuesday for 2 nights.  Please send me the reference number once the reservation is booked.
I made you a reservation at the ashley hotel your reference number is NC5XPXND.
Thank you. Also, I'm looking to book a train from Cambridge to Norwich? Can you help me with that?
What is your departure day and time?
I am leaving on Thursday and need to arrive in norwich by 16:15.
Train TR5190 leaves Cambridge at 14:36 and arrives in Norwich at 15:55. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. Can you confirm the travel time for that commute?
Absolutely. The total travel time is 79 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is the departure time?
The departure time is 14:36 from Cambridge. 
Thanks. That is all I need for now. Goodbye.
Your welcome. Have a great day!
have you heard of saint barnabas press gallery?
Of course! Is a nice little museum on the east side. It's free to enter, and a nice place to spend an afternoon.
may I have the address and area please ?
Its on the east side at the belfast yard, coldham's road. Postcode cb13ew. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.
There are a lot of options, what's your price range?
The hotel should be in the moderate price range
Acorn guest house is a moderate 4 star facility in the north. Would that meet your needs?
That sounds great can you book a room for 4 people? We are checking in Monday and staying 4 nights. 
Your reservation for 4 at the acorn guest house for monday for 5 days 4 nights was successful. Your Reference number is : 7ERDYIN3.  
Great, thank you. I think that is all I will be needing. Take care. Bye. 
I'm glad I could assist you. Enjoy your stay.  Good-bye.
Could you give me information on a hotel called alpha-milton guest house?
The Alpha-Milton Guesthouse is moderately priced and is in the north area.
Can I book 3 people for 4 nights starting on thursday?
I apologize, but there are no rooms available for the days you have requested. Should I look for another hotel?
Yes, please find me another one that's available on Thursday.
How about the Acorn guest house? It is available on Thursday.
Sure. That sounds fine. Can you give me the reference number once you book that?
The reference number is 5F7YBB5M. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you for your time.
You.re welcome Goodbye
Hello, could you please find me a place to dine?  
Did you have a certain area or price range you would like to dine at?
The restaurant should be in the west and should serve expensive kosher food.
I do not have any restaurants meeting that description. Would you like to try a different type of food?
Do you have one that serves British food?
There are 2 restaurants that serve British food, the Graffiti and Travellers Rest. Would you like me to book one for you?
Sure, either as long as it is expensive and in the west.  Can you book a table for 1 on Tuesday at 17:45?
Ok, I have you booked at Graffiti on Tuesday at 17:45.
Can I get a reference number please?
Sorry, apparently that booking didn't clear. I got you a table at Travellers Rest instead. Reference number is: BRTYJSC8. Can I help with anything else?
No, Thanks for all your help
Enjoy your meal and have a great day!
I would like a restaurant in centre city serving spanish food. 
la raza is a Spanish restaurant in the city centre that is in the cheap price range.
Please give me La Raza's address and postcode. Please give me La Raza's phone number.
The address for La Raza is 4 - 6 Rose Crescent, and the postcode is C.B 2, 3 L.L. La Raza's phone number is 01223 464550.
Thank you!
Thank you, goodbye. 
Goodbye!
Goodbye.
Yes, i would like you to book a taxi for arrival by 10:45 from the maharajah tandoori restaurant. 
What time would you like to leave the restaurant?
I would like to leave at 10:45
Can you confirm for me whether 10:45 is your required arrival time or is it when you'd like to depart? And what is your destination?
I want to arrive by 10:45.
You want to arrive by 10:45 at which destination, please? 
I am wanting to go to Old Schools.
Alright I have a white ford for you. The contact number is 07314884392. Is there anything else you need?
No that's all, thank you
thanks to you and enjoy
I am looking for a place to stay in the centre of town that includes free wifi.
I have 2 cheap guesthouses and moderate to expensive hotels in the center of town. Do you have a preference?``
Moderate would be best. 
Cityroomz, located at Sleeperz Hotel on Station Road is moderately priced. Would you like me to book a room?
Do they offer free wifi? If so, I would like to have the address, please.
Yes, they offer free WiFi to guests. The address is: sleeperz hotel, station road. Anything else I can get you?
i also looking for places to go in town.The attraction should be in the type of entertainment and should be in the same area as the hotel
There is no entertainment in the same area would you like somewhere else
Okay, could you look for one that is architecture instead?
There are actually 5 architectures in the area. Would you consider the all saints church?
sounds good. Does it have an entrance fee?
no, all saints church is free of entrance.
That's all i need. you have been very helpful. Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Have fun in Cambridge!
I need to find a place in Cambridge to stay at a hotel within a cheap price range and I want free parking included.  
There are 10 hotels that meet those criteria. Is there a particular area in which you'd like to stay?
Do any of them include free wifi with their packages? 
Yes, many of them do. You have ten options, nine of which are guesthouses.
Please let me know the area, type of hotel, and postcode of the hotel with free wifi in their package.
The allenbell house in centre at postcode cb12de meets all of your criteria.
Ok, thanks. Can you also help me find a train to Cambridge that arrives by 9:30?
There are over 287 train routes arriving in Cambridge at that time. What day do you need, and where are you departing from?
I'd like to leave on Monday, from London King's Cross.
There are two trains that fit that criteria. One leaves at 5:17 and the other leaves at 7:17. Can I book one of those for you?
Yes, could you please book the first one. Also what is the train ID?
Certainly, so I have booked you on TrainID TR0378, Leaving London Kings Cross at 0517 and arriving at Cambridge at 0608.  With a total travel time of 51 minutes.
Great, thank you. That's all I need for today.
It's my pleasure. Thank you for allowing me to assist you. Goodbye!
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge called Nandos City Centre.
I know that restaurant well.  It is a Portuguese place located on Andrews Street.  Can I make a reservation for you?
No, I don't think I'm ready to do that yet.  Can you just tell me where it is on Andrews Street?
The address is 33-34 Saint Andrews Street
Okay great. I am also looking for a train that goes to cambridge & leaves after 08:30.
There are over 1,000 trains that arrive in Cambridge after 8:30. What location are you leaving from and what date are you leaving?
I'm leaving on tuesday and from Norwich
Okay there are two trains. One leaves at 5:16 and the other at 6:16. Can I book either of these for you?
No, those won't work at all. As I said, I need to leave after 08:30.
How about TR4134, it leaves at 09:16
That's perfect. I need to book the train for 3 people. Once it is booked, can I have the reference number?
I have it ready, you will pay at the station. Your reference number is fp0gzttn. Can I be of any further help?
No, that is all. Thank you. 
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that is all, thank you. Have a great day!
You as well! Thank you. Goodbye! 
Hi, I'm looking for a train going to Stevenage that leaves after 10:30 please. 
Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from Cambridge.
the TR3043 leaves at 11:21 if that works for you.
That sounds like it might work, but what is its arrival time if I may ask?
TR3043 arrives in Stevenage at 12:10.
I would also like to explore the local architecture while in town.  Can you suggest a place to visit?
what about all saints church? its lovely
That sounds great!  Can you give me the address, postcode, and phone number please?
phone is 01223452587 postcode is cb58bs and address is jesus lane
Great, thanks! That'll be all I need. Bye!
enjoy your time
Is there an expensive restaurant serving caribbean food? 
I'm sorry but there aren't any venues offering Caribbean food in the expensive price range. 
How about thai?
There's Bangkok City in the centre of town, and Sala Thong on the west side.
Great, what is the address and phone number for bangkok city?
their phone number is 01223 354382 and address is 24 Green Street City Centre.
I need to find a place to eat in Centre please.
The Golden House is located at 12 Lensfield Road in the City Centre.  The phone number is 01842753771.
Thank you.  Can you let me know what the price range for the restraunt is?  I'm looking for somewhere cheap.  
The Golden House is in the cheap price range.  Would you like to book a table?
What is the food type?
They serve chinese food there.
No. I need a guest house, same price as the dining place. 
What area would you like to stay in?
meh, i don't really care about the area.
There are two guesthouses in the centre area. Alexander Bed and Breakfast and El Shaddai. Would you like a reservation for one of these?
Sure. I need a hotel for 5 people and 5 nights, starting on Tuesday. Please book El Shaddai for me.
You're booked! Your reference number is 0H9B4720. Can I assist you with anything further?
Yes, I'd like a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel, leaving by 18:45.
sure thing a black ford will be picking you up, contact number is 07417685839, anything else today?
That will be all today, thank you.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'd like to find a place to stay with a zero star rating that has free wifi. 
We have 3 places that match your request. Do you have an area or price range you're looking at?
Not really except an expensive one.
I'm sorry, there is not an expensive one.  I do have a moderate hotel, Cityroomz, would you be interested in that?
What about one in the cheap price range? 
El Shaddai is a cheap guesthouse in the centre with a 0 star rating.  There is also City Centre North B and B in the north area.
El Shaddai will do. Can you book me there for Wednesday?
In order to complete your booking, can you tell me how many there are in your party and how many days you would like to stay?
Just 1 person for 3 days ,Friday  through Monday .
Friday through Monday would be 4 days, not 3. Would you like me to book you for the 4 days instead of 3?
Oh, yes.  That is fine. And can I get the post code for the guesthouse?
Of course, the post code is cb11eg. 
Are you able to help me find a train on friday?
Absolutely!  I have over 400 trains on Friday!  Where are you leaving from and going to?
I need to go from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge, please.
What time would you like to travel? Oh, and did you need that hotel reservation made, or no?
I would like to arrive in cambridge by 17:45.  And no, I got the information I needed on the hotel for now, thanks.
Train TR0465 arrives by 16:07 in Cambridge. Shall I book that for you now? 
No, just tell me the price, I'm not ready to commit to anything yet.
The cost per ticket is 10.10 pounds for that route. Is there anything more I can assist you with? 
No, you've been great. Thanks for your time. Bye.
Bye, enjoy the trip. 
Can you help me find a train leaving on monday arriving by 21:00?
What are your departure and arrival stations?
I need to depart from Leicester and arrive in Cambridge.
Those trains actually run every hour. The first train leaves at 5:09. What time do you want to depart?
Any is fine. I'll just need a departure time, train ID, and travel time. 
Here's the information about the train: TR4588, leaving Monday at 18:09, travel time 105 minutes. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
no. i also wish to find a place to stay with free parking
There are 29 hotels that meet your needs. Can you narrow it down to area, price range and stars?
Hm, moderate price please. And north area. Maybe a guesthouse?
I'd recommend acorn guest house. Would you like to book a room?
yeah, i need to book it. same day as the train.
How many people will be staying?
There will be four of us. And we'll be staying for four nights.
Okay, starting on what day?
We need it to start on Monday please as this is when our train comes in.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : KIYKIJPC. Is there anything else? 
No that is all we need. Thank you. 
Have a great day!
I'm hoping to book a train.
Where and when are you departing from?
I'm going to Ely from Cambridge on Sunday.  Thank you.  
great, what is your preferred departure or arrival time?
I would like to arrive by 20:15. 
The first train leaves at 5:50.
Do you have something that leaves later but still makes the arrival time?
There's a train that arrives at 20:07. If you don't want to cut it that close, there's an earlier train that arrives at 18:07.
Give me the arrival time and train ID of the earlier train. Also find me a cheap restaurant that serves north american food if available or Indian food.
The arrival time of the TR5389 is 18:07. There are four restaurants that meet your criteria. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, any you choose will be fine. I'll need to book a table for the same day, at 15:30, and it will just be me. 
I booked you a table at kohinoor! Here is your reference number ZTGXVBXU. Anything else I can do for you?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
Have a good day as well. Bye. 
Are there any Mexican restaurants in the centre?
Sorry no, there are no Mexican restaurants in the centre of town. Would you like to check another area?
Sure.  I would be interested in Indian restaurants also.
Curry Garden is in that part of town and they serve Indian food.
Please book this for 7 people, at 18:00 on Sunday.
Unfortunately there is nothing available for 18:00 on Sunday. Would another date or time work for you? 
Try 17:00 on Sunday.
Of course. You're booked at 17:00 with reference number TTP6GYCJ. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. May I assist with anything else?
No, that'll do it!  Thanks!
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
Will I be able to get out of Cambridge by train on Thursday?
Did you have a destination in mind?
broxbourne is my destination and should arrive by 10:30
TR125 leaves at 9:01 and arrives by 10:01, would you like to book this one?
Yes please book it for  8 people.
I apologize - that is TR2125. I have booked it for 8 people. Your reference number is  A2J4EAIR.
I need a place to stay as well. Preferably a 4 star hotel.
There are three hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down further or would you like a recommendation?
I would like a hotel, not a guest house. Are any of those actual hotels?
yes, when were you planning your stay?
I haven't decided yet but I would love a hotel that offers free wifi, not worried about parking though
All three ofter wi-fi. Two are in the west, one is in the centre. Two are expensive, one is cheap. Do you have a preference in those regards?
Ill take either of the expensive ones. Pick whichever sounds better to you
I have the university Arms hotel available that meets all of your requests, what dates would you like me to book for you?
Can I just have the address and postcode?
The address is regent street and the post code is cb21ad.
Thanks, and which part of town was this one in?
It's in the Centre part of town. Can I help you with anything else?
Great.  That is all.
Thank you, have a great day!
Yes I am looking for a attraction called holy trinity church.
Holy Trinity Church is located on Market St in postcode cb23nz. It's free to get in. Did you have any further questions?
Do you have the address of holy trinity church?
Yes it's on Market street.
Thank you.  Can you help me find a train going to Leicester?
Yes, when would you like to leave?
anytime after 19:00
I have a train that leaves at 19:21. What day would you like to travel?
I would like to leave on Saturday. 
TR4708 departs cambridge at 19:21 and arrives at 21:06. Can I book that for you?
Yes. I would like to book for 3 people and will need a reference number.
I booked you 3 seats on TR4708 leaving Cambridge on Saturday at 20:21, the total fee is 90.72 GBP and your reference number is FVMA8AAO.  
That's all I need. Thank you.
I'm glad that I can be of help please have a great trip.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of entertainment.
Do you have a specific part of town in mind?
The centre part of town 
There are actually no entertainment attractions in the centre of town. I would recommend the funky fun house in the east side of town 
Okay may I have the entrance fee and postcode for that please?
The postcode for the Funky Fun house is cb58hy. The entrance fee is unknown 
Thanks! i'm also looking for a place to stay with free parking and 4 stars.
There are 17 hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by price range or area?
it should be a hotel with wifi. find me its postcode and address
How about the Cambridge Belfry.  It's located at Back Lane Cambourne.  The postcode is CB236BW.  Would that work for you?  I can book it.
No thanks on the booking, we will do that later but that hotel is a fit for me.  I am set, thank you for your help.
Well I am glad I can help. Enjoy !
Thanks a lot goodbye.
Enjoy your day, goodbye.
I am interested in boat attractions.
There are 4 boat attractions. Do you want to specify an area?
Are there any boat attractions in the west? 
There are no boat attractions in the west. The boat attractions are located in the east, north and centre areas. Will either of these areas work for you?
I see, can you tell me about museums in the west then. And what is the postcode?
There are 7 museums in the west, a few are cafe jello gallery, cambridge and county folk museum, kettle's yard, and lynne strover gallery. Which would you like?
What is the postcode of the county folk museum?
The postcode is cb30aq.
Thanks I also need a train leaving monday arriving by 1900
Can you tell me where you are going to and from please? 
I am going from stevenage to cambridge. I need the price, travel, and depart times please.
There is a train leaving from stevenage at 17:54 and arriving in cambridge at 18:43. The price is 12.80 pounds. The trip is 49 minutes. 
Thank you so much! I think that covers all the information I need today.
Sure! Would you like to book the train, or is there anything else I can do for you today?
That is all.  Thank you!
Alright, have a nice day!
I'm looking for a moderately priced hotel.
I have many options for you. Is there a certain area of town you're interested in?
No, that doesn't matter, but I need a hotel with free parking.
Sure, there are 14 choices that meet your needs. Do you prefer a hotel or guesthouse?
It doesn't matter. I would like for the hotel to have free wifi
Alright how does the Archway House sound?
Can they accommodate a party of 8 for 2 nights, beginning Saturday?
Yes they can! Your booking was successful and your reference number is 3O4M8ZSU. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's everything I needed, thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant in the center that serves Turkish food
Hi, Anatolia and Efes Restaurant are two options in the centre for Turkish food. I hope you find what you're looking for!
could i have the address for the anatolia?
Sure thing, the address for the Anatolia is 30 Bridge Street City Centre.  Anything else I can help you find?
Thank you, goodbye.
thank you. good bye.
I want a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address?
The Nirala is a great moderately priced Indian restaurant in the north part of town. They are located at 191 Histon Road Chesterton. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you. Good bye.
I'd like to get moderately-priced Polynesian food.
Sorry, but there aren't any restaurants of that type. Would you like to try a different cuisine?
Well is there perhaps a cheap option serving that type of food in the center?
No I'm sorry there isn't anything fitting those details. Can we try a different area or type of food? 
How about British food?
I have 5 moderately priced British restaurants in the centre but I do not have any cheap ones.  Would you like me to book one of these?
No thank you. Can you recommend me one and give me their phone number and address?
The Cotto is a great choice. Their phone number is 01223302010 and adress 183 East Road City Centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
As long as they serve British cuisine and moderately priced, that sounds great. Thanks for your help.
They are indeed. Is there anything else you need today?
No, that's everything. Thank you!
Thank you for contacting us and have a great day!
Yes I am looking for a train that arrives by 20:00 that is going to ely
I have one that will arrive by 18:07. Do you have the day you would like to travel?
Yes, I'd like to travel on Tuesday, departing from Cambridge please.
Okay, how about TR7733, leaving at 17:50 and arriving by 18:07? Would that work for you?
Yes, that's exactly the sort of thing I'm looking for. Thank you.
Perfect! I hope you have a great time!
Can you also help me find a Chinese restaurant on the north side? 
Golden wok is a chinese place in the north part of town, would that work for you?
Great, is it considered to be expensive it's my anniversary and I want it to be high quality food
Happy Anniversary!  Golden wok is a moderately priced restaurant. Would you like me to find an expensive restaurant?
Yes, I would prefer an expensive one.
In expensive restaurants, I have two options in the north. There is Hakka and there is The Hotspot. In my opinion, Hakka is a great chinese restaurant. 
postcode, phone number, and area
They are in the north, postcode is cb41ep. Expensive and their phone number is 01223568988. That was for Hakka.
Can you go ahead and make that reservation for me please. for 6 people at 14:30
Thank you for all your help.  We should have a nice anniversary.
What? Could you please make the reservation?
Which day would you like this reservation?
I'd like that reservation for Tuesday, as well.
I have that table reserved for you. The reference number is HFSFXR46. May I help you with anything further?
No, that's all for me. Thanks! Bye!
It was a pleasure to assist you. I hope you have a Happy Anniversary!
I need to find a guesthouse in the north.
I have about 11 different options. Do you have a preference on price range? 
I would prefer that be expensive.
There are no expensive guesthouses however I do see moderate ones. Would you like to try one of those?
Yes,but needs to be a 4 star in the north
ok, there are 7 options. Would you like free internet or parking?
Doesn't matter. Book one of them for myself and 3 nights starting from wednesday.
Booking at the Acorn Guest House was successful, the reference number is O4BO1B0L. It is located at 154 Chesterton Road, Postal Code cb41da. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, can you help me find a train?
I can. All I need is your departure location, destination, day and when you would like to either leave or arrive by.
I will be leaving birmingham new street the same day as my hotel booking.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : QRZK7Y5S.
Wow.  You didn't even get the timeframe I am looking for.  I can't leave until after 14:30.  
I apologize! There are two trains leaving near your requested time. one at 14:40 and one at 15:40. Will one of those work?
The one at 14:40 should be fine.  Can you tell me when it arrives?
It will arrive at 17:23.
What is the travel time?
It's 163 minutes. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes please, just one ticket would be fine.
Good news! Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 3Q0TELMH.  Is there anything else that you need?
No thanks. That was all I needed. Have a good day
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
I need to find an expensive restaurant in Cambridge located somewhere in the north. 
What type of food would you like? There are asian oriental, chinese, european and french restaurants available.
I'm not particular on the type of food. Could you recommend something and book a table for 1 person at 19:30 on tuesday. 
I can book you a table for Tuesday at a Chinese restaurant in the north named the Hot Spot. Shall I do that?
Yes please, book me a table for one at 19:30
Your reservation has been made. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 8JGOXQPX. Is there anything else today?
I would like to find a place to visit in the same area as the restaurant.
There are many attractions to choose from,what did you have in mmind ?
I don't really care, do you have any recommendations?
There are four attractions in the north. A boat, a park, and two swimming pools. Which would you like?
I'd love to go swimming.
There are two swimmingpool options in the north. I recommend jesus green outdoor pool. 
Alright, please give me the entrance fee and postcode for jesus green pool
The postcode for jesus green outdoor pool is cb43px. I'm sorry I do not have the entrance fee.  Is there anything else i can help you with? 
Does the other swimming pool say what the entrance fee is?
I don't have that information I am sorry.
I am also interested in the boat attraction.  What is the entrance fee and postcode for that attraction?
Okay I have the riverboat Georgina.  The post code is cb43ax and I have no information on the entrance fee.
Thanks for your help. That's all I need today.
Okay. I'm glad I could help. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Where are some places in town around Cambridge College?
Please specify the type of attraction you're interested in.
A college type of attraction.  
I found several college type attractions.  Do you prefer a certain area of town?  
I don't have a preference. Can you suggest something?
I sure can.  Corpus Christi is one of the most popular ones.
That sounds great! May I have the address? Also, what part of town is it located in?
The address is King's Parade and it is in the Centre of town.  Is there anything else you need to know?
I am also looking for a particular restaurant.  Have you heard of Thanh Binh?
Yes I have. It's a great inexpensive restaurant. Would you like their information?
Could I actually just book a table for 7 there? 
Sure thing. I will work on getting this booked for you.
I'd like to dine at 13:30 on Sunday please. 
Reservations for 7 at the Thanh Binh has been made for Sunday at 13:30.  The address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre postcode is CB30af.
I'll need a taxi to pick me up today after 02:45
Certainly. Can you tell me your departure and destination locations?
I'm departing from nusha and I want to go to pizza hut city centre.
You're all set! Booked car type	:	yellow tesla Contact number	:	07359534792 
Thank you so much, you've been very helpful.
We are glad to help. Do you need any further assistance?
Thats perfect that you for your help
Have a wonderful day.
I'm looking for a nice place to stay, somewhere expensive and luxurious with all the amenities like free wifi. Can you recommend something like that?
i have at least five options for you. do you need free parking too?
I don't need it, but either way. As long as the hotel is expensive and has free wifi I don't mind. Are any located in the centre?
Yes, I recommend the University Arms Hotel. Would you like ma to make a reservation for you?
No may I just have the postcode and star rating of the hotel.
Sure, their postcode is cb21ad and it's rated 4 stars. 
Also, i need a train on Tuesday around 09:45.
Where are you heading to and departing from please?
I am leaving from Ely heading to Cambridge. 
I have train TR3412 leaving at 11:35 and arriving at 11:52.
That sounds great. Can you please book it for four people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6VFKQ7J6.
Thank you for your help.
Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you have a nice day. 
Have a great trip.
Thank you for your help today
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a good day!
I am looking for the Warkworth House hotel. 
Warkworth House is a 4 star moderately priced guesthouse on the eastside. It offers free wifi and parking. Would you like the address or phone number?
No, I think I would like to book it for myself for 5 nights.
Of course, what day would you like your reservation to begin?
On Thursday please. Can I have the reference number once it's booked?
I'm very sorry, but there are no rooms available for five days starting on Thursday. Should I try to find a different hotel?
Sure, as long as it is in the same price range. And can I get the reference number once you book it, please?
Alright. I was able to book you a room at the carolina bed and breakfast. Your reference number is OZ7QG2OK. Is there anything else you need? 
No that is all I needed. Thank you.
Thank you, good day. Let us know if you need any thing else. 
Find me an italian place in the north
I have da vinci pizzeria. It is in the cheap price range. Would you like a booking?
Yes. Can you book a table for 3 at 16:00 hours on saturday?
Done. Your reference number is 7LJ1OE8L.
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else you need today?
im also looking for a train that arrives by 08:15 and leaves on tuesday
Certainly, where would you like to depart from, and what is your destination?
I will depart from Cambridge and arrive in Leicester.
TR2950 arrives at 08:06. Do you need a ticket?
Sure, can you book this for 3 people.  I'll need a reference number please.
Okay, I have booked 3 tickets for TR2950. The reference number is RCS04ITK and the total fee will be 113.4 GBP.
Perfect thats all I needed thanks
You're welcome. Let us know if there is anything else you need. 
I am all set, thanks.
You're very welcome! Bye!
Hi I'm looking for a restaurant in the north that serves Asian oriental food. 
I'd recommend saigon city. Would you like to make a reservation?
That sounds great! We would like a reservation for Monday at 16:45 for 6 people. Can I get the reference number for our reservation?
Okay your reservation is all set and the reference number is  O5CYZT0L.
Thank you very much. Also, do you have any suggestions on someplace fun to visit in the north as well?
Sure I have boating, swimming and park attractions in the North. Would you like further information on any of those activities.
We love boating.  Can you give me the address of one of the nicer boating areas please?
I'd suggest the Riverboat Georgina. Their address is Cambridge Passenger Cruisers, Jubilee House, cb43ax.
Thanks so much! That's all I need today. 
Well, you're welcome!  You have a great day!
I'm looking for a restaurant that's on the pricier end, I want to impress some people. Is there something you'd recommend?
The Bedouin is unusual and expensive. Cote offers the more standard, but elegant French cuisine. Is location a concern?
want to book a table for 8 people at 17:00 on wednesday and I need a reference number
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: PLFTP5GS.
I'm also looking for an attraction near the restaurant. Do you recommend anything?
There are many attractions in that area. Do you want something that is free to the public?
That would be perfect. What do you recommend?
Williams art and antiques is free to the public.  Located in the centre and it is a museum.
Great, thanks! Is there a restaurant nearby?
You have already been booked at a nearby African restaurant, Bedouin, on Wednesday at 17:00. Are you interested in an additional restaurant?
No thank you. But could you please get me the phone number and postcode for Williams art and antiques?
Of course! Williams Art and Antiques is located in the city centre, postcode cb12lj. You can reach them at 01223311687. Can I help you with anything else? 
No thank you that will be all
It was a pleasure serving you, goodbye!
What do you have in the way of guesthouses in the north?
I have found 11 different guesthouses in the north. Were there any certain requirements you have in searching for a particular guesthouse?
Yes I would like it to be moderately priced.  Thank you.  
There are 9 options that would suit those criteria, do you have any other things you need for your stay or would you like a recommendation?
Please provide a recommendation.
Well I can recommend the Acorn Guest House that is also rated 4 stars.
I think that would be great.  May I please book that guest house for 2 nights starting from Friday for 1 person?
The booking was successful for 2 nights at the Acorn Guest House for one person. Your Reference number is L55JCSVU. Do you need anything else?
Can you also look up the sitar tandoori restaurant?  
i have their info, what would you like to know?
I need reservations for the same group of people at 17:00 on the same day. 
Booking was successful! Your reference number is 6ZPBNFD5.
Great. You are so helpful. One more thing, I need a taxi to arrive at the restaurant by the booking time
I can help with that. Where would you be departing from?
I meant to say I need to commute between the hotel and the restaurant. 
No problem.  I've got your taxi booked.  Anything else?
Can I have the contact number and car type?
 Booking completed! Booked car type	:	grey bmw Contact number	:	07853122848 Can I help you with anythign else?
Great! Thank you so much!
I hope you have a very pleasant stay in our town!
Hi, could you help me with my plans?  I am looking for a train.
I can help you with that. Where will be departing and where do you want to go? 
I will be departing from Cambridge and going into Ely on Saturday. 
Trains run that route every two hours throughout the day. Do you have a target departure or arrival time?
I would like to arrive in Ely by 11:15.  Could you please tell me the price and what the departure time is?  
TR0718 arrives at 10:07 on saturday.  Cost is 3.52 pounds.  Would you like me to reserve a seat for you?
I need to book a room in the North as well. 
There are 2 hotels and 11 guesthouses to choose from in the north, ranging in price from cheap to moderate. Do you have a price point preference?
I would need a hotel with wifi
There are 12 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you want a moderately priced or cheap hotel?
I don't care about the price. I absolutely do need free parking, though.
Do you have a star rating preference?
I do not have a preference on the number of stars.
Can I suggest the acorn guesthouse? It's moderately priced and has 4 stars.
I want it to be in the type of hotel. It should have wifi and parking too. And it must be in the north.
We have two option for you. We have the ashley hotel and the lovell hotel. Both have your commendations you want.
Book me with the Ashley Hotel please.
I'd be happy to do that. What is your arrival date, how many in your party, and how many nights?
its for 5 for 5 nights monday.
Your room is reserved, ref# W4VW9W7M. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Thanks so much, no that will be all. 
I am glad I was able to accommodate your needs. 
Hello, I need a place to eat in the center of town.
What cuisine do you want? 
I would like Indian cuisine please. 
We have nine Indian restaurants in the center. Does price range matter?
I would like a cheaper place please. 
May I suggest The Gandhi?  It is in the center of town, its on the cheaper, most affordable price range, and it serves great food.  
Yes. 7 people on Friday. 18:30. 
Ok, you are all set for Friday at 18:30.  They will hold the table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is VC2RCPYE.  
thanks, I'll also need a train from cambridge to kings lynn.
What day and time do you need to travel?
I'll be traveling on Monday. I'll be leaving after 9:15.
The TR1854 leaves for Kings Lynn at 10:11. Would you like me to book you?
That would be great, thank you!
thank you that will be all
Hello. I need help planning a train trip.
I'd be happy to help. Are you departing from a specific station, or do you have a specific destination in mind?
I'd like to leave from London and travel to Cambridge on Saturday around 15:00
Would you like to depart from London Kings Cross or London Liverpool Street?
I would like to depart from Cambridge.
Please state your departure location and your destination. Also, is 15:00 the time you want to leave or to arrive? 
I am leaving from cambridge going to broxbourne and want to arrive by 8:30.
How about TR8674? It leaves at 05:01.
As long as it arrives by 8:30 that sounds good. I'll need 7 seats please.
It does and I have booked 7 seats for you.  Anything else?
Reference number please?
Sure, the reference number is VATL0RJL. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all, thank you.
You are welcome. Thank you for TownInfo centre for your traveling needs. Goodbye.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.  I need a place to dine.
Sure, do you have a type of food you are wanting?
Crossover food would be perfect.
Unfortunately, there aren't any crossover restaurants in Cambridge. Is there something else you'd like to try?
Is there a gastropub in Centre?
Yes, I have two that are expensive and one that is moderately priced. Do you have a preference?
Let's go with the moderately priced option. Can I please have the phone number?
In the moderate price range, I have one place. It's called the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar. It's located on Corn Exchange Street. Do you need a reservation?
Not right now, but I am looking for a place to stay. Are there any 5-star accommodations in Cambridge?
I'm sorry, there are no 5-star accommodations anywhere in Cambridge.  There are many 4-star options.  Would you like to try one of those?
Do you have one with free parking
Yes the allenbell does. 
Is the allenbell a guesthouse?
Yes, it is a guesthouse.  It's located at 517a Coldham Lane.  Would you like me to book this for you?
No thank you that will be all
Is there anything further that I can assist you with today?
Yes, I'll need a taxi from the restaurant to the hotel. I want to leave the restaurant by 18:30.
Sure.  I booked a black BMW for you. Contact number	:	07568490583
Thank you so much. 
You're very welcome! Is there anything else i can help you with?
No thank you! Thanks for your help! Bye!
excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for a hotel with free wifi and 3 stars.
We have two options that meet those criteria, do you have additional requirements or would you like me to suggest one for you?
I just need a hotel with this criteria. 
you can choose from either the gonville hotel or the lensfield hotel.
I would like the Gonville Hotel. Can you make booking for me for 6 people and 4 nights starting from Friday? Thanks
Ok I will book it for you for 6 people
Can I get a reference number for the Hotel, please? 
You're all set, ref# CM4QWR6X. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That is all I need. Thank you.
I'm glad I could help. Have a good day!
I am looking for a moderately priced hotel to stay at in the area, no guesthouses please.
And what area would that be in please?
No preference in area but what is available with a 4 star rating?
I don't have anything with a 4 star rating. Can I try something else?
Can you try a guesthouse instead? 
I would suggest a  & b guesthouse.
I need the address and postcode. Does it have internet?
The post is cb12dp and it does have internet.  Can I help with anything else?
I still need the address, please.
Sorry about that. The address is 124 tenison road. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm looking for places to go in town. I'd like to visit a museum. Can you recommend a good one and provide the address and postcode?
Were you needing it in a certain area or did you just want a recommendation for anywhere in town? 
Any area in Cambridge will be fine, thank you.
Then I would definitely recommend Cambridge Artworks in the east. Their address is 5 Greens Road and there is no entrance fee.
Thank you. Can I also have the postcode please?
the postcode is cb13ef else can i do for you?
thankyou so much for the information
You are welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
I am looking for a train leaving on Saturday.
What time would you like the train for?
I would like to leave after 12:00.
We can certainly arrange that. Can you tell me where you will be leaving from and where you would like to go?
I'll be leaving from cambridge and going to birmingham new street.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 60.08 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 9LZNG2V4. Is there anything else I can help with?
yes can you tell me when the train arrives and how long the journey will be?
Gladly. The train arrives at 12:44 and the trip will take 163 minutes. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
Yes how much is the ticket?
It's 60.08 GBP, payable at the station. May I help with anything else?
That's everything I needed thanks. Bye.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a cheaply priced restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.
There are a large number of options to choose from. Do you have a preference for the type of food you would like?
No I'm not picky, anything is fine as long as it's in the centre of town. I need to make a reservation for 2 on Sunday.
What time would you like your reservation?
12:00 please, I will need a reference number. I also need a train that goes to stansted airport leaving after 10:30. 
Okay. I have booked you for 2 at 12:00 at the Dojo noodle Bar on Sunday.
Great thanks so much. Can you give me the reference number and also I need to get a train when your ready.
The reference number is RLOFK7YF. What do you need for your train?
I need the train to leave Cambridge on Monday after 10:30 and go to Stansted Airport, and I need two tickets. I also need my reference number please.
There are 14 trains leaving Monday from cambridge to stansted airport after 10:30. The closest departure to that would be TR8207 leaving at 10:40. Shall I book this for 2?
Yes that is perfect, please also provide me with the reference number. 
Booking was successful for TR8207, the total fee is 20.2 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is W7D3D21R. Is there any further assistance needed?
That should be all thank you
Have a great trip!
I'm looking for someplace to go in town. 
I'd be happy to help you find something.  Are you looking for something in town centre? There are cinemas, colleges, concert halls just to name a few.
I'd love to try a local restaurant
We have many restaurants in town. What type of cuisine are you looking for, and what's your budget like?
First, I need an attraction in the east. Can you choose one and get me the entrance fee, postcode, and attraction type? Then I'd like an expensive restaurant in the east.
I'm sorry, that's a lot of information for just one response. There are 10 attractions in the east - do you care what sort?
Just do what I say! I don't care what you choose! Give me the necessary information too. Then, get me a restaurant in the east that's expensive north indian food
Try the Cambridge Museum of Technology which is a museum. The entrance fee is 5 pounds and postcode is cb58ld. There are no expensive North Indian restaurants in the east.
How about expensive restaurants that serve Indian food in the same area?
For expensive restaurants with Indian food, we have Pipasha, and the Sitar Tandoori.
I want the Pipasha for 1 at 16:30 on Saturday.
I apologize but I was not able to book for that time. Would you like me to try another time slot?
Yes try 15:30 on saturday and need a reference number thank you.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : MKRUJ1BR. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Great! That is everything I needed. Thank you!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service. Have a great day!
Can you help me find an expensive Chinese food restaurant?
What area would you like? There are nine results.
I'm interested in restaurants located in the East.
Okay, Yu Garden matches your specifications. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yeah, could you book it for 8 people on Monday? I think 16:15 is when we want to be seated.
The booking went through, your table is reserved for 15 minutes starting at 16:15. Reference number is BT75STQI.
Thanks! I'm also looking for a hotel near that restaurant.
I would recommend the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge, should I book it for you? 
If that has free wifi that'll work.
Yes, there is internet there. Would you like a booking then?
Could you tell me the price, address and phone number?
They are expensive and can be reached at 01223866800. The address is 15-17 norman way, coldhams business park. Anything else?
No, that's all for me today! Thank you! Bye!
I hope you have a wonderful stay.
Hi I'm looking for a train departing from Cambridge that leaves after 17:15. 
What is your destination?
I will be going to bishops stortford.
I would recommend TR1567 which leaves Cambridge at 17:29 and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 18:07. 
No, can you find another one please?
The next one after that departs two hours later. Would you like to reserve a seat on either train?
Yes, either train would be fine.
I have booked your seat on the TR1567. Total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. Reference number isCWX49ENL
Thank you. Could you also recommend a college in the Centre to visit and provide the post code?
Christ's College would be great, their postcode is cb23bu. Is that all you need?
thank you that will be all good bye
Have a nice day!
i am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east and doesn't need to include internet.
I like the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge.  It is 2 stars and expensive, really nice.
I would prefer a 4 star for my taste, and a guesthouse please
I have many to choose from. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes that would be wonderful. 
 I recommend Carolina Bed and Breakfast, it's in the east, moderately priced, and comes with internet and parking. 
Is the parking free perchance?
Yes, parking is free.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
Could I have the post code?
sure, the postcode is cb13nx. anything else?
Could I have the phone number too?
Yes Carolina Bed and Breakfast phone is 01223247015
Can you help me find some sort of entertainment?
Absolutely, what area and what type of attraction are you looking for?
I'd like an entertainment attraction, please.
I see several options for you. How about Funky Fun House on Mercers Row? It's located in the east area of town near your hotel.
It sounds like a great place. What is their phone number and postcode, please?
Yes, the phone number is 01223304705 and cb58hy is the postcode.
I'd like a taxi to pick me up at 23:15 at my hotel, then take me to the attraction. Please give me the car type and contact number.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	black skoda Contact number	:	07804688108 Is there anything else I can help you with?
Awesome!! Thank you for making this so easy.
You are most welcome. Do you have any other concerns or questions?
That is everything that I need.
Glad to help. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Can you please help me find a place to stay, somewhere like a hotel? I am looking for a rating of 4-stars and it should include free parking too. Thanks.
I have found 19 possible hotels for you to stay in. To narrow our search, which area would you like to stay in, and what type of hotel would you like?
I would like to stay in the east and it should include free wifi please. 
Ok, I've narrowed it down to 5 guesthouses. Is there a price range you would prefer?
Price does not matter can you recommend one of the 5?
I highly recommend the warkworth house. It has everything you are looking for!
That place sounds perfect. Can I get their phone number and postcode please? 
The phone is 01223363682 and the postcode is cb11ee, can I help with anything else?
I need a train to Cambridge on Thursday. 
Where will you be departing from?
I am coming from London Liverpool street and i want to arrive by 15:30. 
I have train TR4204 leaving at 7:39 and arriving at 9:07.
please make a booking for four people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : AJFNCH3H.
Thank you for everything, you were most helpful.  
Can I assist you with anything further?
No, thank you. You've been very helpful.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
I would like to book a train for Saturday. 
Where would you like to go to?
I'll be catching the train at Birmingham New Street and take me to Cambridge.  Anytime after 12:30 is great.
TR0680 will depart at 12:40 and arrive 163 minutes later at 15:23. The trip will cost 60.08. Would you like to book?
Yes. Please book for 8 people. 
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes I need the reference number.
OK, you have 8 seats reserved on TR0680. The total fee is 480.64 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WUCRXXMG.
I also need a very CHEAP hotel with free wifi, not necessarily free parking though
I have the Cambridge Belfry. It is a cheap hotel located in the west. It's 4 star rated and offers free wifi and parking. Do you need a room?
yes, please for 3 people for 3 nights starting on saturday
I was able to book the room successfully.  The reference number is 8L2C6Y3N.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No thank you that is all I need.
Thanks for using our service & have a great visit!
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel in Cambridge?
There are three 4-star hotels. What area would you prefer?
I would prefer to stay in the west part of town.
There are two choices, one is in the expensive price range, the other in the cheap price range. Which one is preferable to you?
I don't have a preference. 
How does the huntingdon marriott hotel sound to you? May I book you there?
Is this the expensive or cheap price range option? How much does it cost per night?
They are in the expensive price range.
Ok. I'd like the address, please.
The huntingdon marriott hotel is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon.  Would you like to book a room?
Not at this time, but I would like to find a place to eat. Ideally an expensive German restaurant in the same area.
Unfortunately, no such restaurant exists. Would you like to look in a different area, price range, or cuisine type?
How about one that serves British food
There are two places Graffiti and Travellers Rest which would you like to try?
Graffiti sounds good. May I have their phone number, address, and postcode, please?
The address, phone number and post code for Graffiti are Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, 01223277977, cb30lx. 
I'll need a taxi from the restaurant back to my hotel. I'd like to leave the restaurant by 11:30.
Ok, I've booked you a taxi from Graffiti to Huntingdon Marriot Hotel at 11:30. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I get the phone number of the taxi service and what car type will I be looking for?
number is 07435240506, and it is a black audi. 
Great, you have been very helpful, that's all I need for now.
You are very welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day.
I would like to find a cheap restaurant in the east part of town. 
The Missing Sock serves International cuisine at a cheap price.  They are in the east part of town at Finders Corner Newmarket Road.
What is the phone number and postcode? 
The missing sock's phone number is 01223 812660 and the post code is C B 25, 9 A Q. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Thank You
Thank you for using our system. Is that all you need today?
That's it. Thank you, goodbye
Thank  you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Good bye. 
Yes I am looking for a college to visit. Can you help me?
Well Christ's college is quite famous and is free to enter.
That sounds nice. Can you please give me the address, including the postcode?
It is located at Saint Andrew's Street, cb23bu. Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes, I would also like to find a place to stay, expensive price range, but with free parking.
There are 5 hotels that meet this criteria. What part of town would you prefer to stay in?
I would like to stay in the north.
Unfortunately, I don't happen to have anything in the north that is expensive. Is there another price range or area I can try for you?
How about a moderately priced one?
There are 9 moderately priced hotels to choose from. Any other requirements to narrow down your choices?
Do any of the hotels offer free parking?
there are five guesthouses that have free parking. 
I'll take the highest rated one of those. I need 4 nights starting Tuesday for 7 people, please.
I have booked you in the highly rated Acorn guest house for 4 nights beginning Tuesday.  The reference number is FK8743UH.  Is there anything else I can help with
Yes. I'd like to book a taxi to get there.
Absolutely, what time would you like to depart from the college?
I would like to leave Christ's college by 19:00.
Great I got a white skoda phone number 07971687645
Thank you for your help.Bye.
Have a great day!
I need assistance finding a train departing from Cambridge and arriving at London Kings Cross.
We have quite a few options available to you. Is there a particular day you are looking to travel?
I'm leaving after 15:15 on Tuesday. What's available then?
I have four, what time would you prefer to arrive by?
It doesn't matter.
TR0945 leaves on tuesday at 17:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please. Could you also tell me how much it is & what time it arrives?
Okay, I have booked the 17:00 train for you. The arrival time is 17:51. Your reference number is FGAHEJD9 and the price is 23.60 pounds. 
I am also looking for a particular attraction. The name of the place is Lynne Strover Gallery. Can you give me the address and fee?
Lynne Strover Gallery's address is 23 high street, fen ditton, entrance is free. Can I do anything else for you today?
May I have the postal code for the Gallery as well please?
Yes, it's cb30aq. Is there anything else I can tell you about it? Or something else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Thank you! Enjoy your visit to Cambridge. Goodbye.
I could use some help finding a train for my stay with you.
That won't be a problem. Can you please provide me with some addition details? For example, what day and time you'd like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday please.
Any more details you would like to provide? The TR7423 leaves Cambridge on Sunday at 5, heads to London Kings Corss and arrives at 5:51.
Oops.  Sorry.  My travel day is Monday not Sunday.  What do you have for that day. 
There are many trains running on Monday, what is your arrival destination? 
My arrival destination is Cambridge.
Okay when would you like to leave by?
I want to arrive by 15:45
What is your departure site?
Kings Lynn. I need 5 tickets and my reference number
TR2257 will arrive at 14:58. Should I go ahead and book 5 tickets for this train?
Yes that would be great also I need the reference number after you book it. 
I'm sorry, my booking system seems to be down. Can you try again later?
Yea that is okay THank you
Train TR2257 has been booked for 5 seats. Your reference number is E720WBAI. Can I assist you with anything else today?
no thanks that's all
Thank you for using our service today!
I would like it if you can help me find a place called Kambar. 
Sure thing!  It is a nightclub in centre.  Anything else I can help with?
how much does it cost to get it?
Kambar is only 5 pounds to get into. Would you like any more information on it?
yes phone number and adress please 
Their address is 1 wheeler street, cb23qb. Their phone number is 01223842725. Will that be all?
Actually, can you help me find information on a train to the Stansted Airport please?
Sure what day are you traveling?
The train should depart from Cambridge on Monday after 15:45. What is the travel time, price and train ID?
The next train is TR1088 departing at 16:40 with a duration of 28 minutes and it costs 10.10 pounds.
That sounds great, thank you for your help today.
You're welcome. Did you need help with anything else?
That is all, thank you!
You're most welcome. I'm glad to be of service. Good-bye.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay in the north side. Can you recommend anything with at least 2 stars?
The Ashley and the Lovell Lodge are both 2-star hotels on the north side. Both are in the moderate price range. Would you like more information on one of those?
Do either of them have free parking. Are they a type of hotel?
Yes, both are hotels with free parking. Would you like me to book one of them?
No thank you but can you give me the address and phone number for Lovell Lodge.
Sure their address is 365 milton road and their phone number is 01223425478. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I think that covers everything.  Thanks!
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day!
Find me a place to stay that has free parking, but I don't need internet. 
Sure, what part of town do you prefer?
I would prefer to be in the Centre. 
We have 2 cheap guesthouses and 2 expensive hotels, all in the centre of town but with different star ratings. Do you have any preferences?
Do you have one in a 4 star rating that has free wifi?
Yes, the University Arms Hotel is available and is located on Regent Street. Would you like me to book a reservation?
I really need a hotel in the east. Can you take a look at those for me?
There are 5 options in the east that meet your criteria. All are guest houses. Do you have a price range in mind?
no, should have four stars though.
I'm sorry, did you say you don't need Internet?  Because I'm not finding anything that meets your criteria in the east part of town.
I do need internet.
Would you like to try another part of town as the east was a no go?
yes, I suppose. 
I checked all the different areas and there's still no matches. 
No thank you that will be all
Ok great, have a wonderful day!
I need a taxi to pick me up from the fez club. Can you help?
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
Yes, I need to arrive by 18:45.
And what is your destination please?
I would like to be taken to tenpin
Okay, I have a black ford with the contact number 07735467542.
Wonderful, thanks very much!
You're welcome. May I help you with anything else?
No, that is it.  Thank you so much.
You're welcome, have a wonderful time!
I would like a moderately prices restaurant in the East part of town. I would like the phone number and postcode, please.
We have 3 matching your request in the East part of town. Do you prefer Indian or Italian?
I don't care. 
There is Pizza Hut Fen Ditton, their phone number is Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and postal code is C.B 5, 8 W.R.
Hi, Can you help me find a train from Norwich to Cambridge?
I would be happy to help! What day would you like to travel?
I would like to arrive wednesday at 16:45.
There is a train which departs at 15:16 and arrives at 16:35 would you like me to book that one?
No need to book it today.  I would like the price and travel time if you have it there, though. 
The price is 17.60 pounds and travel time is 79 minutes. Can I assist you with anything else today?
I also need a hotel with free parking. 
We have 29 hotels that may be what you need. Is there a certain area or price range you are looking for perhaps?
I'd like a guesthouse with a star of 4, please.
The archway house meets your criteria. Do you need help with booking?
Yes please, I need it for 4 people, 3 nights starting on Wednesday. 
Unfortunately, that length of stay is not available. Would you like to try again for a shorter stay? 
How about 1 night at the archway house for 4 people.  Please book and provide a reference number.  Thank you.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : FEK7TT66. Is there anything else? 
That's all I needed today, thank you
Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day. 
Hi, I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and I'm looking for places to visit in the centre. 
There are churches, colleges, and museums. 
I'm not sure which I'd like to visit, do you have any recommendations? Also, please let me know the entrance fee.
I recommend adc theatre. I am unsure of the entrance fee. 
Is there anyway to find out the entrance fee? I will also need to book a train leaving stevenage leaving after 11:45.
You can call ADC Theatre at 01223300085 to find out the entrance fee. For the train, can you tell me the day you would like to travel?
I would like to travel on Sunday going to cambridge.
There are many trains that go to Cambridge on Sunday, where are you departing from?
I'll be leaving from stevenage
There is a train leaving Stevenage at 11:54 and arriving in Cambridge at 12:43 this Sunday. Would you like me to book this train?
Yes please, for 4 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.96 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : KY3BCCE0. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That will be all for today. Thank you. 
Have a great day.
i want information  about a place i can see local attractions.
Okay! What part of town would you like to visit?
Come to think of it, let's put that off for now. I was thinking of trying some new cuisine while we are in town. Something expensive. 
Okay! What cuisine would you like to try?
I've got a couple of Jamaican buddies and I want to make them feel at home.
We don't have any expensive Jamaican places in town. Do you want to try something else?
How about something that serves African food?
The Bedouin in the city centre is an expensive African restaurant. Would you like me to book it for you?
I don't need a table right now, but I do need the postcode and phone number for that restaurant.
the phone number is 01223367660 and the postcode is cb12bd
Thanks for that info. I also need attractions in the same section of town as the restaurant. Do you have any boat activities?
There are 2 in that area. They are Scudamores Punting Co and The Cambridge Punter.
I want to try Scudamores Punting Co. What is their postcode and phone number, please?
The postcode is cb21rs, and the phone number is 01223359750
cool, thanks. i don't need anything more. see ya!
Bye.  I hope you enjoy your visit.
i want to book a taxi. The taxi should go to lynne strover gallery and should depart from parkside police station.
What time would you like to leave and arrive by?
The taxi should leave after 22:15. Can I get the contact number and car type for that reservation?
You are all set! Please be on the lookout for a black lexus and the contact number is 07664673319.
i really appreciate, thanks
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's everything. Thank you very much for your time.
I'm happy to be of service! Have a wonderful day.
I want to find a cheap Italian restaurant. Can you help me out?
sure i have 5 options for you
Okay, pick one for me please. It should be in the west.
Okay, that leaves one option, and that's the La Margherita.  Would you like for me to book a reservation for you?  
Yes, please. Can you reserve a table for 1 on Sunday at 19:30 please?
Your table is booked, reference #YTAMNAAO. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you. Not at this time.
You are welcome.  If I can be of any other assistance, don't hesitate to ask.
Hold on. I also need a hotel. Can you help? Something in the same price range and area as the restaurant.
I found The Cambridge Belfry, would you like me to book it for you?
How many stars is it and can you give me the phone number?
the cambridge belfry has 4 stars and you can call them at 01954714600
Perfect, thanks so much for your help today, that's everything I needed.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
I'm looking for an expensive gastropub place.
Which area do you prefer.  We have 2 in centre and 1 in east
Just give me the area, postcode, and address for one of them.
Ok! The backstreet bistro is located at 2 Sturton Street City Centre in Centre and the postcode is cb12qa.  Is there anything else I can help with today?
I'm also looking for places to go in town that is in the west. 
There are 13 attractions in the west. Are you interested in the college, entertainment, or museum type of attractions?
I am not picky, can you pick one you know is good to visit? I need the address, phone number and type of attraction though please.
Churchill College is fun to visit. It's a college. The address is storey's way. The phone number is 01223336233
Okay, that sounds perfect! That's all I need for today. Thanks!
Thank you and enjoy  your visit to cambridge.
I'm looking for a place to stay in the north part of town.
I have 13 hotels in the north ranging from cheap to moderately priced. Would you like to narrow it down by choosing a star rating?
Yes thank you, I would like a star rating of 0 please.
The City Centre North B and B has internet and parking.  Can I book a room for you?
Yes can you please look to see if booking is available for 8 people and 4 nights starting from sunday?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
Oh, bummer. How about a different hotel in the same price range?
I can check. Would you like everything else to be the same?
Yes, everything else is the same.
I'm sorry but no other hotels have these exact criteria. Could we vary the price or star rating?
Yes, keep the same price range, but you can vary the star rating.
There is the worth house it is cheap and has a 4 star rating.  May I book that for you?
Yes, for 8 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : RSNEQ2JV.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your stay.
I want to find a restaurant serving basque food. I don't care about the price range
I'm sorry, but the system doesn't have info for what you are looking for. Is there a different type of food you may want?
yes, international food 
there are 3 restaurants serving international food,  which area of town are you interested in? 
I don't care.
Bloomsbury restaurant serves international food
Can I have the address please? 
Bloomsbury restaurant address is Crowne Plaza Hotel 20 Downing Street.
Thank you, goodbye. 
You're welcome. Good bye.
Goodbye.
Have a good day.
I'm needing a train leaving on wednesday and arriving by 11:00.
Sure, where are you leaving from and traveling to?
From Broxbourne to Cambridge.
TR5167 will arrive at 10:32, would that work for you?
Yes please, will you make a booking for me for 2 people?
The total fee is 35.79 GBP, payable at the station . Your Reference number is : 8G3VLD0W. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a place to stay. I'd like it to be expensive with a star of 2. 
The Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge fits your criteria. Would you like to book a room?
Does it have free parking?
yes it does have free parking. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes. I would like to book a room for 2 people staying 4 nights starting on Wednesday.
All set, you reference number is 9XF20LU4, may I be of any further assistance?
That is all I need thank you. 
Thank you have a wonderful day!
Hello, could you tell me about the swimming attractions around Cambridge. Something pool based please.
The jesus green outdoor pool in north is really nice.  Need a phone number?
Actually, I would like the address, please.
Sure their address is between victoria road and the river. Is there anything else I may help you with today?
I am also in need of a train that arrives by 10:15 and goes to norwich.  Can you please look that up for me.
Sure are you departing from Cambridge? 
Yes and I will be travelling on Saturday
Is there a time you need to leave by?
No, not really.  But I will need the train ID and departure time.
TR1062 arrives at 9:55. Their departure time is 8:36.  There are trains before that one every hour until 5:35.
Thank you so much for your help.
Can I help with anything else today?
no. that is all i needed. thanks. goodbye. 
Have a good trip.  Goodbye.
I'm looking for a college in the centre of town.
Downing College is on Regent Street and admission is free.
Thanks, could I please have their phone number and postcode?
The phone number for Downing College is 01223334860, and their postcode is cb21dq.
Great, thank you! I'm also in need of a place to stay. It needs to be in the south and I'd like it to have free wifi. 
The Aylesbray Lodge is a guest house with 4 stars. Would you like to book there?
Is the Aylesbray Lodge cheap?
The Aylesbray is moderately priced, but has free parking and internet. For cheap, there is Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. 
I want to book the Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. I have six people in my party.
What day would you like to start your stay and how many days will you be staying?
We'll arrive on Wednesday and we'll be staying for 2 nights.
I have booked your rooms at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast for a party of 6 who will arrive on Wednesday and stay two nights.
Can I have the reference number?
Your reference number is UL5OTY23.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No, thanks. That takes care of all my questions.
Thank you for using our system today!
Hello, I'm looking for a place to eat - moderately priced in the centre area.
There are many, can you tell me what type of food you are looking for?
I would love to try modern european. Do you have that type?
I have two available. Both are moderately priced. I have the De Luca Cucina and Bar. The other is the Riverside Brasserie. Do you prefer one of these? 
Perhaps the Riverside Brasserie. I would like to book a table for 8 at 11:00 on Monday, please get me the reference number. Thank you.
your book was successful. Your reference is YFNH30LM. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I need at train arriving by 08:45 to Cambridge.
Ok perfect, what day do you want to depart? 
I will be leaving Monday.
Okay, great, and your location of departure?
I am departing from leicester
Train TR8829 departs from Leicester at 6:09 and arrives in Cambridge at 7:54. Would that work for you?
That sounds fine. Can you please reserve seats for a party of eight on that train?
Okay, your booking is successful and your reference number is N78T0X5J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all. Thanks for your help.
Thank you and enjoy your visit. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a train departing out of cambridge this saturday?
There are several trains departing from Cambridge on Saturday. Where are you traveling and what time would you like to leave?
I'm going to Peterborough and want to leave after 12:00.
There are multiple trains leaving that day after 12. First one departs at 12:06.
Book the first one for 8 people please. 
I have booked it and here is the information-Booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : SLAC2W0W.
Thank you that is all I need
Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day. 
Oh I almost forgot can you help me find a 5 star hotel with free internet?
I'm sorry, I am not able to find a 5 star hotel with free internet.  Would you consider a 4 star hotel?  There are 3 of those.
Yes, I would consider a star rating of 4.  Can you pick one for me please?  
huntingdon marriott hotel is a 4 star hotel
Ok and does that have free wifi?
Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel has free WiFi. Would you like me to book it for you? 
Yes please! I want to book it for 8 people for 4 nights starting tuesday
Okay, I booked it and your reference number is CEVX0OU3. Anything else?
That is all for now. Thank you so much.
You are so welcome! You take care now, bye!
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west.
I have about 9 different options for you. What type of food would you like to dine on? 
I would prefer Caribbean food
I'm so sorry, but we don't have any Caribbean restaurants in that area.  Would you like a different type of food?  Or I could check a different area.
Do you show any Indian restaurants in that area?
Yes I have 5 in that area. I would like to suggest cocum. Would you like to make reservations?
That sounds great.  There will be 6 of us on Sunday for dinner.  Say, 19:15?
Great! Your table at cocum is booked. Your reference number is 1CQ2UX5F. Do you need help with anything else?
Yes, I'd also like to visit a museum.
There are 23 museums in Cambridge. Would you like to visit a museum near your restaurant in the west?
You can just choose the one you like best please and then tell me its postcode and area
Cafe jello gallery is in the west area. The post code is cb30af. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all thank you
You are most welcome, enjoy your visit!
Can you find me a good restaurant in the city centre?
there are quite a number. what is your price range?
I don't really have one but would like to try a European restaurant. 
Okay, how about Eraina that's on Free School Lane City?
Sounds great. Would you book me a table for 8, for Monday at 19:00?
Your table is booked!  Reference #: GV2YF6H5.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Can I assist you with anything else today?
Are there any entertainment venues near the restaurant?
There are 44 options available. Is there anything particular you are interested in ?
The attraction should be in the same area as the restaurant and should be in the type of entertainment. A museum
There are 11 museums is that area. The great thing is they are all free. Do you want additional information on any of them?
What area are they in?
They are all located in the centre the same as the restaurant. Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes, please provide a suggestion.
The fitzwilliam museum has amazing art and sculpture. The address is trumpington street and the phone number is 01223332900. Do you want more information?
I will also need a taxi from the attraction to my dinning. 
Your red toyota has been booked and its contact number is 07932820731.
Thank you so much for all your help. 
You are welcome.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I need a place to eat that serves north indian food.
I'm not finding any north indian restaurants, may I expand the search to include all indian food?
No thank you. Can you please search for Japanese food instead?
We have one Japanese restaurant listed.  It is called Wagamama and is in the city Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
i wish to book a table for  5 people at 16:15 on teusday
The booking was successful. Your reference number is V5WEDA1V and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. 
Great. I also need to find a train going to cambridge for the same day.
I have all of tuesday's options available, where will you be coming from?
I need a train from Cambridge by no later then 10:45 for five people please. May I have the confirmation number for that please?
I booked a train that leaves at 10:08. The reference number is S5D8VQIU.
Great, thank you so much for your help. Goodbye! 
Glad I could help. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you help me out?
I sure can.  What type of place are you looking for?
I'm looking for a guesthouse that's moderately priced.
That's great information, but so many options! Is there a part of town that you would like to stay or other amenities you would like to have while in town?
Something moderately priced, but a 4 star accommodation. And I would like free wifi too please.
There are 11 options which fit your requirements. What part of town do you prefer?
Preferably in the centre. Would like a reservation for 5 people, for 5 nights beginning Wednesday. Also looking for places to go in the centre as well.
There are no places to stay in Centre matching your request.  Would you like to try another part of town?
Sure, let us try the North.
I would either recommend Avalon or Limehouse.  Both are great guesthouses.  Which of those would you like me to book for you?
Let's go with the Avalon. Could you make it for 5 people for 5 nights? We want to arrive Wednesday.
Perfect I have  you booked at the Avalon for 5 nights and 5 people, the reference number is I3B3EKYI. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for places to go around town
Do you have a specific area or attraction type in mind?
I would like to be in the centre, please provide me with an entrance fee, a phone number and post code.
Please provide me with attraction type preference that you may have so that I can narrow down to a few choices.
I need it in the centre and you can make a suggestion. 
Ruskin gallery is a museum in the centre of town and very popular. The entreance is free.
Please give me their phone number and postcode
The phone number is 01245493131 and post code is cb11pt.
Thank you very much. I think that is all the information I need today!
You are welcome. Enjoy your trip. Goodbye
I would like to find a 1 star hotel to stay at that includes free parking. Do you know of any?
There is no match for those criteria
Well could we look for a hotel in the moderate price range?
There are many in the moderate price range. What area of town would you like to be in? Guesthouse or hotel? 
That does not matter but I want it to have 4 stars.
I would recommend the ayelsbray lodge guest house, would you like me to book you?
Not yet.  Could I get the address?
yes its 154 Chesterton Road , is there anything else ?
I also need to find somewhere to eat. 
We a many great restaurants in town!  Is there a particular type of cuisine you would like?
I really just want a place in the centre that is also moderate in price
Would you like to try an Asian restaurant?
Sure! Could you book it for 8 people at 12:15?
What day would you like that booking for? 
Sorry, I would like that for Thursday.
The table will be reserved for 15 minutes at the yippee noodle bar. Reference number is : SYZP8RAY.
Thank you. That is all for now.
You are welcome. Enjoy your visit to Cambridge, bye
Can you help me find a guest house?
There are many options to choose from. What area will you be staying in?
In Cambridge for sure, but still deciding the location.  I need it to have free parking though,  
I recommend the Acorn Guest House. It's a moderately-priced 4-star guesthouse in the north area of town.
That may work.  Do they have free wifi?  
Yes they do, would you like me to book you or provide information?
Yes, I want to book for 7 people, 5 nights starting wednesday.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please make the booking for me.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : Y3RBO3CR Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I'd like a restaurant in the west that serves Indian food.
We have six option any price preference between moderate or expensive(no cheap options)?
I don't have a preference. Just close your eyes and pick one. I need to reserve a table for 7 on Wednesday at 17:15.
Okay, I've booked 7 for tandoori palace on Wednesday at 17:15. Your reference number is 2UK6E0HT. The address is 68 Histon Road Chesterton.
That's all I need today thanks for all the help. Bye
Thanks and enjoy your time.
I am looking for a place to stay in the cheap price range. 
Okay what area of town are you wanting to stay in? Any free parking or wifi?
I do need both free parking and free wifi please. 
I found several hotels that might work for you in the centre, east and north part of town. Can you tell me where you'd like to stay?
Is there anything available in the north?
Yes, there is the City Centre North B and B and the Worth House. 
Great. Please book it for 8 people and 4 nights starting from Monday.
Which one would you like me to book?
Let's go with City Centre.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is M6554531. 
Can you also help me find a train to get me to Leicester on Wednesday?
train TR3138 leaves at 07:21 and will arrive in leicester at 09:06.
Not decided on the train yet, still have to consult the group, what is the price?
8 tickets costs 302.29 GBP payable at the station
Thanks. I don't want to book the train yet, so I think I am all set. 
Oh, just to mention the cost of a single ticket is 37.80 pounds. Have a great day. Goodbye. 
I am looking for a restaurant serving Persian food in the expensive price range.
I'm sorry, there aren't any expensive Persian restaurants. Would you like me to check for a different type of food? 
How about any restaurant in the centre?
There are 33 expensive restaurants in the center of town. Which cuisine type would you prefer? 
I think I'd like to try Indian food, are there any of those in the center of town? 
There are 6 restaurants that fit your request. Curry Garden, The Golden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, Curry King, and Curry Queen.
Any of them would be fine.
Alright, shall I make a reservation for the Curry King?
Yes please, for 3 people t 15:30 on Friday. Thank you.
Okay done. The reference number for your table is BVK9XZPJ and it is only reserved for 15 minutes.
That's awesome. Thanks that's all i need!
You're welcome. Bon appetit! 
Please see if you can find me a 3-star hotel on the East
I'm sorry we do not have any East hotels that meet your criteria. Would you like to try a different part of town?
Yes, please look for any 3-star hotels in town that include free parking. East is still preferred.
none fits your criteria. can we change the area?
Try something in the center of town.
The Gonville Hotel is an expensive, 3-star hotel in the centre of town. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes please. It's for 2 people and 2 nights starting on Thursday. 
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2V7EWG9E.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
How about a place to dine in the expensive price range serving indian food.
I have many. What area would you prefer dining in?
I would like somewhere in the same area as the hotel.
I have 5 all located in the centre
Then please pick one and give me their phone number band postcode.
saffron brasserie is located at Hills Road City Centre, post code cb21la.  Their phone number is 01223354679. Can I help with anything else today?
That is everything. Thank you for your help. 
you are welcome.
I am looking for a train.  The train should leave on monday and should go to birmingham new street
What is your departure time and location?
Leaving Cambridge going to Birmingham New Street on Monday any time after 15:15.
There are several trains available. Are you able to provide a specific time?
No, the first train after 15:15 will work. I need to book the trip for 8 people, and please include my reference number.
Train TR7900 leaves cambridge for birmingham new street monday at 16:01. Your reference number is OCF8O3GJ.
Can you help me find a theatre in the centre of town?
Sure, there is cambridge arts theatre, it is located at 6 saint edward's passage. There are 3 others if you would like information on them as well.
Sure. Can you give me the names and addresses of the other 3 as well?
cambridge arts theatre is at 6 saint edward's passage, mumford theatre is at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road; and the cambridge corn exchange is at wheeler street.
Ok, great. That's all I needed. Thank you for all of your help!
Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay.
You're in luck, we have lots of places you can stay at! Do you have an area preference or a price range that you want to stick to?
I'd like to stick to the cheap price range please in the Centre.
How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast? It is a cheap 4 star in centre. 
Does it have a star rating of 4?
yes, it has a four star rating.
Awesome, please book it for 2 nights starting Tuesday
How many people are in your party?
Just one. 
Booking was successful. your Reference number is : PV4MAEDL. is there anything else i can help you with?
I also need to find an Indian restaurant in the east. What ever you recommend. I need the postcode and address as well.
I would suggest curry prince. Address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton and postcode cb58jj. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
that will be fine. i also want a taxi to commute between the to places.
What are your departure and arrival sites and times?
it should leave the restaurant by 14;00
For how many, and when would you like to arrive?
Also please provide me with contact number and car type. 
Booking was successful! Your car is a white ford and you can contact them at 97556660882 should you need to.
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
Okay have a great day and a great trip!
I'm looking to find a place to stay in Cambridge, if you could help me?
Sure! I can help you with that. Are there any particular amenities you are looking for in a hotel?
I'm looking for a place that has free wifi, in the expensive price range, and it should be a hotel with a 4 star rating.
There is huntingdon marriot hotel in the west and university arms hotel in the centre, do you want me to book you for one of them?
Can I get the phone numbers please?
Huntingdon marriott hotel's number is 	01480446000. University Arms Hotel's number is 01223351241. Is there anything else I can help with? 
I also need a place to eat that serves indian food and should be in the south
I have the Taj Tandoori that is in the expensive price range. This is the only option I have. Would you like a reservation?
No thank you.  This is all the information I need at this time.  
Ok.  Have a nice day!
I am planning a trip for Cambridge
What can I help you find?
I need a train from Broxbourne to Cambridge, leaving Broxbourbe after 18:15.
On what day are you planning to travel?
I would like to leave on sunday.
TR1428 departs at 18:32 and arrives by 19:32. Would you like a ticket?
Yes, please, for 7 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is T7CEWBRP. Will that be all?
Actually, I'm also looking for a museum in the west. Which one is your favorite?
My favorite is Lynne Strover Gallery at 23 High Street, Fen Ditton. Best of all, there's no entrance fee! Would you like any additional information?
What is the entrance fee and phone number?
It is free to get in and the phone number is 01223296264. Is there anything else you need?
nope that's it thanks for your help
Im glad I could help goodbye
Please find an Indian restaurant in the North.
There are two Indian restaurants in the north part of town: The Nirala, which is moderately priced, and Royal Spice, which is cheaply priced.
How about the cheap priced one?
The Royal Spice, then. Would you like the number, or a reservation?
Please set up a reservation. I need a setting for 7 people on Friday at 16:15, my wife's family is flying in then.
You are all set, the reference number is 03TK44PN.  Will you need assistance with a place to stay or a train?
No, but how about attractions in the same area as the restaurant?
There are 2 swimming pools, a park and a boat. Are any of those of interest to you?
i like the park. can i get the phone number and address
The address is Milton Country Park, Milton and the phone is 01223420060.
Ok great, thanks very much!
You are very welcome, enjoy!
I want to find a theatre in town to go to. Do you have any suggestions?
I think we can help with that. I have five theaters listed. Which part of town are you in? 
Anything in the centre of town available?
The adc theatre is in this area.
What is the cost to get in? I need the postcode and the phone number as well. 
Their phone number and post code are 	01223300085	cb58as rspectively, and I have no information on their entrance fees.
I also need a reservation for 4 at 17:00 on Thursday at an Italian restaurant in the moderate price range. Please provide the reference number after booking.
I have several italian restaurants, did you want to stay in the centre area?
No, just as long as it is in the moderate range would be good.
Okay, I recommend Prezzo in the west. Would you like their information?
Actually could you make a reservation for 4 people at 17:00 on thursday please?
I have made those reservations and your reference number is 90ZJQ89Q.
I'd also like to book a tax to take us from the theater to the restaurant.
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	white volvo Contact number	:	07419631990 Anything else?
I need to book a taxi to commute between the two places
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	white volvo. Contact number	:	07419631990 Anything else? 
No, that is it, thank you.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
I'm looking to visit a museum in the east part of town.
There are three free museums, are these the ones you would like?
Sounds great. Could you recommend one, and give me the address, postcode, and phone number?
Cambridge Artworks 5 Greens Road cb13eg 012202168.
Thank you, also can you help me find a place to eat?
Of course! Are you craving anything in particular?
actually, i'm looking for a place to stay.
I found 33 locations so i may better serve you what is your price range and area?
A guesthouse in the northern part of town, please.
it will be possible and i will find you one thanks a lot
Hello, I am looking for a Malaysian restaurant on the north side of town.
I'm sorry. I don't show any results for Malaysian restaurants on the north side of town. Would you like me to search any other areas?
No, how about a French restaurant instead?
How about restaurant two two at 22 chesterton road Chesterton
Phone number, please.
Their phone number is 01223 351880.
Thanks, goodbye!
You're quite welcome.  Good bye.
I want to book a train for Friday.
OK, what are your departure and arrival stations, and what time are you traveling?
I want to go from Cambridge to London Kings Cross on Friday.
Is there a time you would like to leave by or arrive by?
Yes, I'd like to arrive by 10:15.
TR8026 arrives at 7:51 and TR2000 arrives at 9:51.  May I book one of those?
I'm not looking to book at the moment, can I just get the travel time and price for TR2000? Thanks!
Sure travel time is 51 minutes and total cost of the ticket will be 23.60 pounds. Anything else I can help you with?
No that will be all today. Thank you.
You're quite welcome. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I want a hotel that doesn't include internet, but it needs to be a place to stay in the east.
I don't have any options specific to the east. May I consider any other areas of town?
Is that because there are no options without internet?  I can stay in a place with internet if there are no other options, but I do need free parking.
That gives us about 6 options to choose from. All are in the east and all offer both free parking and free internet. What price range do you prefer?
It doesn't matter.  I'd like 4 stars though. 
Ok what about the allenbell? It's priced cheap. 
Sure. What is the hotel type and address please?
The Allenbell is a guesthouse and it's located at 517a coldham lane. Would you like me to book you a room there?
No thank you. I also need a train that arrives by 19:45 and departs from Cambridge. 
What day and time will you be departing? What is your destination?
I am planning a trip in Cambridge and need a place to stay with free parking.
I have many different options available. Let me ask, do you have a certain price range or area in mind?
I have no particular price range, but would like a guesthouse in the north part of town.
That narrows it down to about 9 different options. Most offer both free parking wifi. If you would like my personal recommendation, I would say go with the Hamilton Lodge. 
Excellent. Can I book that for 2 people for 2 nights starting on Tuesday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 152UJWIK. anything else today?
Yes, I need to find a train on Tuesday from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.
Thanks i will find you one.Thanks a lot
I am heading to Cambridge and I would like to know about some places to see in the north, do you have any suggestions?
The Milton Country Park is popular among visitors. Would you like the address?
Yes, may I please get the address, postcode, and the entrance fee for the Milton Country Park?
Sure. Their address is Milton Country Park, Milton. Their postcode is cb46az. Their phone number is 01223420060. There is free admission to the park. Anything else I can help with?
I need to get a train that leaves after 16:30. Can you help with that?
What day would you like to leave and where are you departing from?
I need to leave cambridge and arrive in lecester on monday.
I'm sorry, I'm not able to find a train leaving Cambridge after 16:30. Is there another time I can search for you?
I think I said that wrong.  I am actually looking for a train that leaves Leicester after 16:30 going to Cambridge.  
There is a train departing at 17:09 that arrives at 18:54. Would that work for you?
Yes I think that would work.  What is the trainID?
The train ID is TR2078.  Are you ready for me to book this for you?
Yes,most definately. Thanks
Great, your Booking was successful, the total fee is 37.79 GBP for 1 ticket. Reference number is 9IR5OSCS. Is there anything else I can help with today?
No, that is it. Thanks 
You're welcome. Have a nice trip, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Thank you for your help.
Glad to help, have a great day.
I need a train out of Cambridge, but I need to arrive at my destination by 08:00. Are there any trains that early?
That depends on your destination and the day that you would like to travel
I would like to travel on wednesday going to stevenage, please.
no record for the same, what other condition is available?
Could you please check again?
My records show that train  TR5695 leaves cambridge 05:21 and arrives at	stevenage at 06:10. Does this work for you?
What is the price on that train?
Fare price for train TR5695 is 12.80 pounds. Would you like a booking? 
No, I don't think I'm ready to reserve seats just yet, but could you help me find a 4-star place to stay on the east side of town?
I sure can.  What price range were you considering?
Price range does not matter. I do need parking though, do you have anything that includes parking? 
There are 5 options available. They are all guesthouses. I recommend autumn house. 
Are any available on Monday?
In order to check availability for Monday, I would need to know the number of guests in your party and how many nights you're staying.
7 people, two nights starting on monday
They are all avaliable for Monday. Shall I book you a reservation with the Autumn house?
Yes please book it and let me have the reference number.
Your room is booked, ref# N6K65RIX. Is there anything else I can help with today?
That's all I can think of.  Ciao!
Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Yes I needed information about a particular restaurant.
I can help with that. What is the name of the restaurant?
Pizza hut cherry hinton. Can you provide me with the area they are located in?
Yes, they are in the south area. 
That is all I need, thank you and good bye. 
Your welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge Township Centre. Have a great day!
I'm are looking for a train. The train should go to cambridge and should leave on saturday.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Norwich.
What tie would you like to leave Norwich?
I would like to leave after 14:30 .
I have several trains. How would TR1156 work for you, it leaves at 15:16 arriving at 16:35?
Yes. That works. I need 3 tickets, please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 70.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 1MI35913.
Great, thank you for your help!
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
We're looking for some places to go in town. We'd like some information on pools and boating in the centre. Can you help with that?
Definitely! Are you more interested in a pool or a boat?
My kids are wanting to swim. What are the options in that area of town? 
Here is an option in that part of town parkside pools.
Okay. May I have their telephone number, entrance fee and postcode?
Their phone number is 01223446100, postcode is cb11ly, and there is no entrance fee listed. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, I keep hearing about this hotel called Home From Home. Can you tell me anything about it?
Home From Home is a 4 star guesthouse in the north. It has free wifi and free parking. Would you like more information?
Yes, I'd like to book a room for 7 on sunday, please.
How many nights will you be staying?
It will be for 2 nights. 
I have booked the hotel for Sunday for 7 people for 2 nights. Your reference number is SRSOTYZ4. Is there anything else I can help with?
I need a taxi between the two places. 
Before I can book you a taxi, what time are you planning on leaving parkside pools to go to home from home?
I want to leave by 14:15.
I booked the taxi. It will be a red ford and their phone number is 07801759620.
Thanks.  You've been a great help today.
You're welcome!  Is there anything else I can do to help you?
No you have taken care of all my needs thank you so much and have a good day.
You're very welcome. It was a pleasure to help you. Good-bye.
I am looking for concert halls.
The Man on the Moon is a fantastic concerthall located in the centre at 2 norfolk street, postcode cb12lf. I don't have an entrance fee available, but you could call 01223474144.
Great thank you for that information about it.
Excellent, can I help you with anything else today? 
I also need information on arbury lodge guesthouse
It is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like me to book it for you?
Can I get the postcode of it?
Certainly. The post code is cb42je and their phone number is 01223364319. What else can I help you with?
That will be it, and thank you for helping me.
It was my pleasure. Have a wonderful afternoon. Goodbye. 
Can you help me find a train leaving on Sunday going to Cambridge? Thanks.
Where will you be traveling from?
I'll be leaving from peterborough and would like to leave after 09:00.
What time do you need to arrive?
It does not matter  as long as I can leave after 9:00.
I have train TR0774 leaving at 09:19 is that okay for you?
Yes, that'll work. Can you also please find me a place to stay?
There are many places to stay, could you give me some preferences to find the best one for you?
Three stars, moderate price range. 
Would you like a hotel or guesthouse?
I need to know more about a hotel called home from home.
Home From Home is a 4 star guesthouse with internet and parking in the moderate price range. Would you like their phone number?
I'd prefer an address at this point. Thanks!
Okay. Their address is 78-80 Milton Road. 
Thanks! I'm also looking for an expensive restaurant in the east.
I recommend Royal Standard, a gastropub in the east.  It's located at 290 Mill Road City Centre.  Can I make a reservation for you?
Yes, please.  I will have a party of 8 ready to dine on Sunday at 18:15.
All righty, your reservation is set for Sunday, 18:15, for 8 people. Your table will be held for 15 minutes. Your reference number is NUVBZXWY.
Perfect!  That is all I needed.
Great, will you need a taxi perhaps?  I can also give you information on attractions in the area.
Oh yes of course. I need one to arrive at the restaurant by 18:15. Please provide the car type and contact number.
Done. Look for a white volkswagon and the contact number is 07673977358. Will there be anything else today?
No, that was all I need, thanks.  Goodbye. 
you are welcome. enjoy your stay.
Hello, do you have a train doing to norwich from cambridge?
Yes, what day and time will you be travelling?
I'm traveling to Norwich on Thursday after 20:00 (8 pm)
Will you be departing from Cabridge?
No, I'm looking to leave from Cambridge.
Ok I have found a train that departs at 22:36 and arrives 23:55 it is 17.60 pounds, would you like me to book it for you?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
welcome again some other time
I need help picking the correct train that will arrive at the time I need. 
What are your departure and destination sites?
I am leaving from Leicester and going to Cambridge.
what time do you want to arrive?
I would like to arrive by monday at 16:30.
The closest you could arrive on Monday is the 14:09 train that will get you there by 16:30.  Does that sound good? 
That sounds great. My math isn't the best so please tell me what the total travel time is.
The travel time is 105 minutes. Shall I book it?
No thanks I will book it. Can you help me find an expensive restaurant as well?
Sure thing I would suggest this place graffiti.
Is it in the North area?
No.  It is in the west.  Need a place in north?
Yes, please.  I'd like something with some creative food.
Actually, I can't find any restaurants serving creative food. Can we try a different cuisine?
How about european food please?
I have one option for you that is called The City Stop Restaurant and it is expensive. Does this interest you?
Can you book a table for 2?
On what day would you like to dine?
I need a table at 20:15 on Monday.
How many people will be dining?
Make the reservation for 2 people please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is  V8CR4ENN.
That is all.  Have a nice day.
Great, you have one too!
Hi, I'm looking for an upscale hotel. Could you recommend me anywhere in the west part of the area?
Huntingdon Marriott Hotel is available in the west part of town and looks upscale.
Does it have a star of 4 and free parking?
Yes. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, most likely. Can you provide me with the postcode of the hotel please?
Yes, the postcode is pe296fl. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Thanks, that will be all.
Thanks!
I'd like a restuarant in the north with expensive food.
There are five places, which type of food do you prefer?
Surprise me, I just want something pricey to impress my friends. It'll be a party of seven.
I found five restaurants, what day and time would you like to go?
How about Monday at 19:15.
Okay. I have booked you at Saigon City that is quite elegant and serves Asian cuisine. Your reference number is J8IGNS09.
Thank you so much.  That is all I will be needing today.  Have a nice evening.
Thank you, and would you like the address for the restaurant?
I don't think I need it, but thanks for asking. Have a good day. 
You're welcome! Have a great day! Goodbye.
I need a train from peterborough
Where are you headed, and what day and time did you need to leave?
I am going to cambridge and leaving after 8:00 on friday
Sure, I have TR6496 departing at 08:19, arriving at 09:09, with a duration of 50 minutes. The cost is 16.50 pounds. Would that work for you?
Yes please book it for 5 people and give me a reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 82.5 GBP payable at the station, the feference number is : MFCHF1YV. Can I help with anything else?
I think that takes care of everything, thanks!
Great. I'm glad I could help! Please consider using our service again the future. Goodbye.
What's a good mid price restaurant?
Is there a specific part of town or type of food you're interested in?
I would like Catalan food.
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants serving catalan food in your price range. Would you like to try something else? 
How about Spanish food?
La tasca serves Spanish food and is in the moderate price range.
Could i have the address, phone number and postcode please?
The phone number for la tasca is 01223 464630 and they are located at 14 -16 Bridge Street.  The postcode is C.B 2, 1 U.F. 
thank you, goodbye
Thank you, goodbye.
Bye.
Call us again! Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to stay that is expensive, I am not worried if I pay to pay for parking.  
What hotel rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north.
There are no expensive hotels in the north. Would you like a different price range or area? 
could you check for something in the moderate price range?
I have any what star rating would you like?
That doesn't matter as long as it's in the north. 
I have Acorn Guest House located in the North that has a 4 start rating would you like me to book it for you?
That's okay, I can book later. Can you help me find a train departing from Leicester on Tuesday?
You bet! I have 19 to choose from. What time do you want to arrive?
I need to arrive by 08:15 in Cambridge please.
Yes for how many people ?
Can I please book a train to bishops stortford on saturday?
Where would you like to depart from?
I'd like to leave Cambridge and arrive by 17:30.
I have the TR0121 train available. It departs from Cambridge at 15:29 and arrives at Bishops Stortford at 16:07. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes. Please book for 2 people. 
Your passage has been booked. 16.16 GPB will be payable at the station and your reference number is ZVFTQ0X3. Will that be all?
Thank you. I also need help finding a place to stay. I'd prefer a guesthouse with free wifi 
May I ask a price range that you would like?
I don't care about price. It needs to be in the north, however.
We have many guesthouses located in the north, many of which are 4 stars. May I recommend the Kirkwood House located in the north for a moderate price with 4 stars?
Does the Kirkwood House include free parking? 
Yes it most certainly does.
What's the price range, postcode and address please
The Kirkwood House is moderately priced and is located at 172 Chesteron Road, CB4 1DA. Can I help you with anything else today? 
No thank you that is all I need today. 
Okay.  The guesthouse is Kirkwood House and it is moderately priced, located at 172 Chesterton Road  Reference Number CB4 1DA.
I would like to find a museum in the centre.
How about broughton house gallery? It's free of charge.
Sure! What's the address of the Broughton House Gallery?
The address is 98 King Street. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I am also looking for a moderate priced restaurant that serves turkish food.
Anatolia is an excellent choice. They're located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uj. Would you like to book a table?
Can you please tell me if it's in the same area as the gallery? I'm not familiar with the town.
Yes, it is also in the centre of town
Great.  Please make a reservation for two on Sunday.
Ok   I will book it for you
I am looking for a restaurant serving malaysian food. 
There are no Malaysian restaurants in this area.
I am also looking for a restaurant serving asian oriental food.
I have found several restaurants serving Asian Oriental food. What area of town do you prefer?
I don't care.
Does the price range matter?
I don't care
Might I suggest the Dojo Noodle Bar. They are located in the centre of town and they are cheap. Would you like their phone number?
Yes, and their address too.   
Dojo Noodle bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and their phone number is 01223 363471.   Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
What is the postcode?
The postcode for dojo noodle bar is C.B. 1 7 D.Y
No, that will be all.  Thank you and goodbye!
You're welcome. Good bye and have a great day!
You, too. 
Thanks!
I am looking for an attraction called Williams Art and Antiques.
I know the place! It's located in the centre and it's free of charge.
What is their postcode?
The post code for Williams Art and Antiques is cb12lj.
Thank you, I am also looking for an Italian restaurant in the centre.
Do you have a price range in mind?
I would like an expensive restaurant.
for when and how many in your party please?
For 7 people at 11:15 on Saturday, please.
I have 4 expensive restaurants in the centre, caffe uno is a good one. Would you like me to make reservations?
Caffe Uno will be fine. Yes, I'll need to reserve a table on Saturday. It will be at 11:15 for 7 people. 
Ok, that booking was successful, and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  
Great I also need to get a taxi that can get me to the restaurant by 11:15
look out for a red volvo and the contact is 07479126194 
Can I have a reference number for the restaurant?
The reference number for the restaurant is MXMOHDJ7.
I also need a taxi.
 Booking completed! Booked car type	:	red volvo Contact number	:	07479126194 
Can you email or fax me the information for my personal reference? Thank you for your assistance.
Your restaurant Reference number is : MXMOHDJ7. And your taxi contact number is 07479126194. Do you have a number I should forward this information to?
Nevermind, I wrote the info down. I'll text it to everyone else, it'll be faster that way. Thanks for your help!
Glad I could help.  Have a nice day!
I would like an expensive restaurant in the south part of town
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is an expensive restaurant on the South part of town. Would you like the phone number?
Is there anything else?
Peking Restaurant is a Chinese restaurant located in the south part of town and is expensive price range.  Do you need any additional information?
I need the address.
Peking is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.  Do you need their phone number?
No. this is it. thank you so much 
You're very welcome. 
I'm looking for some kind of specific places to go later today.
There is so much to do here, what part of town are you in?
I'm in the centre.  How about something architecture?
We have 5 options for you. Great Saint Mary's Church is 2 pounds and located on Market Square. I also have All Saints Church on Jesus Lane with free admission.
All saints church would be nice. Could I get a phone number for them?
Sure. Their phone number is 01223452587.
Can you locate me an Irish restaurant near the church? 
I am not able to access that information, is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for a particular hotel, lovell lodge.
It's a 2 star moderately priced hotel in the north. Would you like the address and a room? 
Can you book me a taxi from Lovell Lodge to All Saints Church? I want to leave by 07:15. 
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a red Volkswagen. If you need to reach them, please call 07250174829. 
Thank you so much for all of your help.  I'm done now.
You are welcome.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
Can you help me find a 4 star expensive hotel?
The University Arms Hotel fits that description. Would you like me to book it for you?
Is that a guesthouse?
No sorry that is a hotel.
Is there a guesthouse available?
Unfortunately, there are no guesthouses that fit that description. 
I would be interested in a guesthouse in the cheap price range if that is available.  Will you check for me?
There are 7 available that match what you're looking for, do you have any preference for what area you want to stay in?
I need free internet and I need their postcode.
There is the Alexander Bed and Breakfast which has internet. It is located in cb12de postal code.
I also need a restaurant with south African food in the centre. 
I am sorry there are no restaurants that match that description. Would you like to search for something else?
How about a restaurant that serves Italian food, do you have one that you would recommend?
How about the zizzi cambridge in the centre?
Sure, I would like to book a reservation for that. But first, could you tell me what area the Alexander Bed and Breakfast is in?
It is in the centre area.  Is there anything else that I can do for you?
Yes, I still need to book a reservation for 8 people at Zizzi Cambridge. 
What day and time would you like to go to zizzi cambridge?
Friday, 17:45. 
You are booked.  Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes with reference #VNRRC76K.
Thank you. That's all I needed. Have a nice day!
You're welcome! Thank you for contacting us, have a great day!
Are there any Swedish restaurants in Cambridge?
I'm sorry, I do not show any Swedish restaurants.  Is there another type of restaurant I could find for you?
Yes an you search for christmas food?
I am sorry I do not have anything listed matching that request. Any other type of food?
What about a moderately priced European restaurant? I need a reservation for 3 people at 14:30 on Thursday. Could you provide the reference number after making the reservation?
There are 11 different restaurants serving European food. What area of town would you like?
I don't have a preference on the area. If you could recommend on that would be great.
If I may, might I suggest The Michaelhouse Cafe. They are located at St. Michae's Church Trinity Street City Centre. They have amazing food. 
Sounds like an excellent choice. Please proceed with making a reservation. Thanks!
You're all booked. Reference number is OBL5NIMY.
I also need a train to leave Friday and arrive by 08:15 from bishop stortford by cambridge. Can you give me the depart time?
TR3450 leaves at 7:29. Can I help you with anything else today?
I actually need the train to arrive at Bishops Stortford, not depart from. So sorry for the confusion.
train TR2061 should fit you.
Great, can you tell me the departure time of the train from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford?
The departure time is still the same, 7:29. 
Alright. That is all I needed. Thank you very much.
Have a great time.
I need to find a 4 star hotel with free wifi
There are 21 hotels that meet your needs. Would you like to narrow it down by area or price range?
I'll definitely need something on the cheap side. 
I have at least two properties matching your requirements and both are considered 4 star hotels. Would you like me to book one of them?
Are either of them located on the south side of the city?
Yes, two of them are. Aylesbray lodge guest house and rose's bed and breakfast
Okay, please book 4 nights for 4 starting tuesday
Which hotel would you prefer me to book?
rose's bed and breakfast
Booking was successful.Reference number is : MCCKYP80.
Thank you! I don't require any further help.
Sounds great! have a nice day!
Hello I'm looking for the shanghai family restaurant.
Yes I got it, what can I do for you sir?
Can you tell me the postcode?
The postcode is cb11dg.
Great I am also looking for a hotel with a 2 star rating that has free parking.
Do you have a preference for the hotel's area or price range?
The area doesn't really matter, but I would like something cheap.
I'm sorry, but I don't have any hotels that match that criteria. Would you like to change your requirements?
Can you find me a 4 star hotel?
I have at least 8 hotels that might suit you. They all have internet, a 4 star rating and are in the cheap price range. Do you have a preference for what part of town you stay in?
Yes I would like to stay on the east side of town.
I have both the Autumn House and the Allenbell. They are both guesthouses on the east side of town with a 4 star rating. Should i book one for you?
The Allenbell is fine. Could you book a stay for 7 people, starting on Tuesday, for 4 nights? I also need a reference number.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : AVPKTYBJ.
I will als require a taxi. I need to leave the hotel by 21:15. Can you provide he contact number and the type of car please.
What is your destination?
I don't have a particular destination for my taxi.
I'm sorry, but I cannot provide you information on the taxi without knowing your destination.
I need to get from the allenbell hotel to the shanghai family restaurant, please.
I have confirmed your taxi departing from allenbell at 21:15 to shanghai family restaurant. The contact number is 07779063338.  Is there anything else we can help you with?
Yes, I also need the car type.  Thank You
The booked Car type is a Red Toyota.
Thank you so much for all of your help, have a great day!
You're welcome. Good-bye.
I am looking for a place to stay. It should have free wifi and free parking.
There are close to 30 to choose from. They are spread out throughout town. Is there an area you prefer? 
I'd like to stay in the north part of town.
Do you have a preference for a guesthouse or a hotel?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range. Can you help me make a booking somewhere that fits what I need or should I go elsewhere?
I can book you a room at the acorn guest house.  What day would you like to arrive and how long will you stay?
Does it have free wifi and parking?
Absolutely.  It is a great 4 star guesthouse located at 154 Chesterton Road.
Perfect. I'd like to book it from Thursday for 5 people. We'll be staying for 5 nights.
Excellent. Your booking was successful and the reference number is T4EPI1BI. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I also need a train from cambridge to birmingham new street.
Sure, I have many I can help you choose from.  Can you tell me what day you'll be traveling?  It looks like this train will cost 75.10 pounds.
no I just need the departure time and the train id please
Yes, what day will you be traveling and I would be happy to help with that. 
I will be traveling on monday.
What time on Monday would you need to arrive in birmingham new street?
I need it to arrive by 18:15. 
Train ID#TR5435 departs Cambridge at 15:01and arrives at Birmingham new street at 17:44. May I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything I needed today. You were very helpful, thank you!
Thank you. Let us know if you need further assistance. 
Can you find a 3 star hotel in the moderate price range?
Just to clarify, is it a hotel you need, or will a guest house serve? Because I have 4 guest houses matching your needs, but no actual hotels.
No it needs to be a hotel that includes wifi
I'm sorry, I don't have anything that matches that description, but I do have two 2-star hotels with WIFI in the moderate price range.
Does one have free parking?
Two do, the ashley hotel and the lovell lodge.
Actually, a guest room will be fine.  As long as it is a 3 star moderate. I'd like both free wifi and free parking.
I have only two star hotels, would you mind restating the exact criteria you need in a room please?
I need a moderate hotel, free parking for 4 people, 2 nights on friday. I need a reference number too please
And you said a guesthouse would be fine, correct? I have the Bridge Guest House which is a 3 star with free internet and parking. 
Yes, book it please.
That one is unavailable. Would you like me to try one of the others?
Yes a hotel in the same price range.
I booked a room for you at the Hamilton Lodge on Chesterton Road.  Your reference number is CU50DW9Y.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That is it. Thanks so much for your help!
You're welcome. Good-bye.
I am looking for information on a hotel.
Do you have a particular one in mind or any preference for where you stay or what amenities are offered?
I am looking for a hotel called the A and B Guest House.
Yes, that's a guesthouse in the east of town. Is there some particular information you'd like about it, or I could help you book a room?
I would like to book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting on Sunday.
Unfortunately the booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like for me to find another hotel?
Hmm, how about a different hotel in the same price range?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 6JGB7U7H. The Acorn Guest house. Need any thing else?
Great thank you that's all I needed today
Okay great. I am glad I could help.
Thank you for all the help.
You're welcome. Good-bye.
Can you help me book a train? I would like to leave after 10:15 on Saturday.
I can help with that! What are your departure and arrival stations?
I'm coming into Stansted Airport and i want to go to Cambridge. Is there a train for that?
TR6310 leaves Cambridge at 10:24 QM on Saturday. It costs 8.08 Pounds. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, thank you.
Is there anything else that I can assist with?
How long is the ride?
The ride is 28 minutes. Would you like me to book a ticket?
No but can you tell me how much the ticket costs?
The travel time of the journey is going to be 28 minutes.
Great and what will be the cost of each ticket?
The cost per ticket is 8.08 pounds. Would you like more information?
No thank you, that is all I needed.
Have a great day!
I need to find a train from cambridge on wednesday.
The TR3702 takes you to london kings cross.  Do you need a ticket?
No. I would like to go to Norwich at 9:30.
Do you want to leave at 9:30 or arrive by then?
Arrive by 9:30 in Norwich. 
What time could you like to depart at?
I have no preference for that. Can you make a booking for me on the train with the earliest departure time? 
Sure, I can do that.  How many tickets did you need?  
3 tickets please. And a reference number too
I made those reservations on train TR9179 and your reference number is JUAPVB1I.
Thanks so much for your help. 
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help with today?
I also need information about funky fun house.
Sure thing let me get that for you.
Ok, thanks. Can you tell me the postcode and area it's in?
It's in the east and the postcode is cb58hy. Is there anything else you need?
No. That will be all for today. Thanks so much! Goodbye
Funky fun house is located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. May i assist you with something else?
I'm looking to book a train that will depart out of Cambridge.  Can you give me information about trains that leave Cambridge and arrive in Norwich? 
Of course. There is a train leaving Friday at 5:36. Would you like me to book it for you?
What time does it arrive?
It arrives by 06:55 would that be okay to book for you? 
No I need one that arrives at 16:15.
I'm afraid 06:55 is the earliest I could find. 
What?  16:15 is later that 6:55.  Are you saying you have nothing arriving in almost 10 hours after 6:55?
TR2534 arrives that time. can i book for you?
TR2534 arrives at what time?
Sorry, there was a miscommunication earlier. TR8314 is your best bet. It will arrive in Norwich at 15:55 on Friday. 
Yes I would like this train booked. I need ticket for 4 people. I also need the reference number please.
Okay, your booking was successful. The total fee due at the station is 70.4 GBP. The reference number is 8RU6MZ5J. 
Okay thanks. Can you also help me find somewhere to stay? I'd like a guesthouse in the north preferably with a 3 star rating.
I have 3 star guesthouses in the north. One has free wifi and parking while the other has neither. Which one would you prefer?
The one with wifi will work. I need to book it for Friday, 5 nights, 4 people.
No problem.  I have the rooms booked for you.  What else can I do?
Reference number please, come on, this is taking too long.  And I didn't even get the hotel name from you, is there a manager?
I apologize. You're booked at the Hamilton Lodge and your Reference number is : UC7W5EFU. Can I assist you with anything else?
That was all I needed.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day. 
I'm planning my trip in Cambridge and I need a train. It should arrive by 20:15 and leave on Sunday. 
Okay we've got a long list of matches. Where did you want to depart from?
I would like to depart from Cambridge, and I'm headed to Birmingham New Street.
There is a 16:40 that will arrive at 19:23.  There are also plenty of earlier trains if you would like to arrive much earlier. 
That sounds great, could you make the reservation for me?
How many tickets do you need?
i need 15 tickets
Booking was successful, the total fee is 901.2 GBP. Reference number is : GLBY9VB9. Do you need anything else?
I need to get the train ID.please.
Yes the train ID is TR8297.
I also need an expensive place to eat in the centre of town. 
What type of food would you like?
I'm not too picky. Can you recommend anything?
Loch Fyne has an excellent selection of seafood. They are expensive. Can I make a reservation for you? 
Can I have the food type,  postcode, and address, please?
They have seafood.  The post code is cb21qy, and the address is The little rose 37 trumpington street.  Do you need me to book it for you?
No thank you, that will be all for today.
Thank you.  Please remember us for your future travel needs.
looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should serve british food and should be in the expensive price range.
Fitzbillies restaurant at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre fits your request.  Would you like me to book a table for you?
I would. It's a party of 6 for Monday at 15:45. Can I get the reference number when you're done?
Your reservation has been made. The reference number is GK4F8AFS. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything. Thanks for your help.
welcome next time
Thank you for your help
You are more than welcome! 
I am looking for a restaurant
What area of town could you like to dine at?
The town centre, please.
What type of food would you like to dine on?
I don't care, as long as it's really expensive.
Bedouin is a unique African restaurant in the centre that is expensive. Would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, for four people on Saturday. Do you have anything at 15:45?
Yes had an opening for 15:45 so I made a reservation for you. Your reference is QCLAB4ER and the table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
I also need a place to stay that is a guesthouse and should include free parking.
I can help you with that. What price range would you like?
Expensive, I would like the place to be pricey. 
I'm sorry, there are no expensive guesthouses. Would you like to try something else?
Hmm.. okay, how about moderate?  Big thing I guess is free parking and a 3 star rating.
There are 3 hotels that fit your criteria: The Bridge Guest House, Hamilton Lodge, and Hobsons House.
You choose your favorite. Book me for the same group of people please for 3 nights starting on Saturday. 
Okay. We have you booked at the Bridge Guest House. The reference number is KTPR4JKI. 
Thank you. I also need a taxi to pick me up at the hotel and get me to the restaurant on time, 15:45.
Your taxi will be a black Honda. Their number is 07401864522
Thank you very much. Have a nice day!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel called hamilton lodge.
Hamilton lodge is a guesthouse, on the north side of town, in the moderate price range and awarded 3 stars. Do you need more information? 
What's the hotel type, postcode, and star of the hotel? 
It is a moderately-priced guesthouse with 3 stars.  The postcode is cb41da.
Thank you!!  Can you also recommend places to go around the centre.  My wife is really into architecture.  
Sure, I have many churches in the centre. Would you like more information about one? Perhaps Holy Trinity? 
Can I get the address of that?
Sure. Their address is market street with postcode cb23nz.
Thank you so much, that is all I needed.
Thank you for using our system!
I am looking to visit the centre while I am here. What types of attractions are available for tourists?
There's a wide variety of attractions from architecture, museums, among others.
Can I get some information about the museums?
Sure thing, is there a certain area you are interested in?
The centre of town please. 
There are 11 museums in the Centre area. An example is the museum of archaelogy and anthropology. Are you interested in this one or would you like some other choices?
Could I get the phone number of the museum of archaeology and anthropology?
Their phone number is 01223333516. Do you need anything else?
Yes please. I need a reservation for a particular restaurant called cocum. 
Okay, I'm looking at the restaurant Cocum in the west, would you like me to book you a table?
Yes, Wednesday at 17:45. For 7 people.
success! reference number is 3JTL308P, anything else today?
Nope, that's it, thanks!
welcome and thanks for using our services
Please find a place to eat that serves South Indian food in the center. 
I'm afraid there are not any. Would you like to try a different part of town or cuisine?
How about Italian food in the centre part of town?  I think that that would work out for me.
There are plenty of locations for Italian! Do you have a specific price range in mind?
No any place will do. 
don pasquale pizzeria is an excellent but expensive place in the city centre. would you like more information on it?
That sounds perfect. Could you book a table for 4 people at 18:30 on saturday.
It is booked and the reference number is 6KV9DIDF
I am looking for places to go in town.
Sure! Is there any particular part of the city you want to see, or anything specific you'd like to visit?
I need more info on churches 
There are four churches in the centre known for their architecture.  Are you interested in seeing all saint's church?
I'm actually not looking for a church, I need to find a multiple sports attraction near the restaurant. 
I'm sorry, but there are no multiple sports attractions in the centre. Would you like me to look for a different kind of attraction near the restaurant?
Sure let's try a college.
There are quite a few.  Were you looking for anything specific pricewise? 
Can you give me the name of a popular one?  I'd also like the postcode, entrance fee and phone number.
How about corpus christi college? Its address is saint andrew's street, postcode is cb21rh, and their phone number is 01223338000.
What about the entrance fee? Is there one?
we have four with free entrance
which one do you recommend?
I would recommend Downing College and it is free to enter. Would you like their address?
just postcode and phone please
post code is cb21dq, phone is 01223334860, in case you need the adderss it is on regent street.  Any further questions?
I'll also need to get a taxi to go between the 2 places.
I can help you with that. Which location would you like to have as your pickup point?
I'll need picked up at the College to go to the restaurant.
I have you set for a taxi to get there right in time for your booking, look for a white lexus, they are reachable at 07566657952, any further questions?
Is there a reference number I need?
No, there isn't a reference number just the car type and contact number. Will there be anything else I can assist you with today?
That is all I need today, thanks.
You're welcome. It was a pleasure helping you today. Good-bye.
I need a place to stay in the east that includes free wifi.
We have 6 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Is there a specific price range you want to stay in?
I am fine with any price range, please pick a guesthouse.
I'd recommend the allenbell in the east. Would you like a room?
Yes, please. I'll need it booked on Sunday, for 5 nights, and it will only be 1 person. 
Booking was successful. Reference number is : TUX6P1KD.
Great.  Thanks for all your help!
I'm glad to help! Can we help you with anything else for your trip?
Yes, I am also looking for places to go in the same area as my hotel.
There many places to go in the east. Would you like a museum, there are 4?  or would you prefer something sportier such as a park or a pool or a boat?
Someplace you think would be the most fun. 
The funky fun house is an entertainment venue. I don't see any entrance fee. 
Ok no problem. Can I have the address?
Their address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate
ok, that's all i need thanks
Do you need us to book anything else?
That is all, thanks for the help.
Have a good day
I need a train departing from cambridge and should arrive by 09:15.
There are several trains leaving Cambridge and arriving by 9:15, do you have a destination in mind? 
I'm going to Leicester on Sunday.
The closest arrive time for leicester that I have is 09:06.  It leaves cambridge at 07:21.  How many people will be traveling?
There will be 2 of us. Can you please provide the reference number after you create the booking?
I have your tickets booked. The reference number is ZJP3WID9.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to stay. I would like for it to have 4 star rating and free wifi.
I have a number of places so maybe we can narrow it down. Can you tell me what area of town you would like to stay?
I would like to stay in the east, there is no need for parking.
I think allenbell would be a good choice. Would you like me to book it?
No, I would just like the address and hotel type, please.
The Allenbell is a guesthouse. And they are located at 517a Coldham Lane. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
No thank you.  I appreciate your help today.  Goodbye!
you're welcome. its always a pleasure to serve you
I am planning a vacation and really could use some help finding a good place to stay in town. I've never been to Cambridge before. 
which side of town do you prefer and what is the price range?
It doesn't matter. What do you recommend?
alexander bed and breakfast is a guest house in the centre area. Would you like to book a room?
Oh, ok. I really don't want to stay at a guesthouse though. Can you recommend a hotel instead?
The Huntingdon Marriott hotel is a very nice place.
Sounds good. Can you get me a room for 2 for 5 nights starting Sunday?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 36N9VCAD. Is there anything else I can help with?
What is the train schedule from birmingham new street like?  I need to arrive at 13:45.
Where would you like the train to arrive, and what time will you be leaving?
I need the travel day to be Sunday.  I'll be going to Cambridge and arrive by 13:45. I'll be leaving from Birmingham New street.
Train TR7468 will arrive at 13:23. Will this work for you?
What is the travel time on that train?
It is 163 minutes on that train.
Excellent.  Thanks for all the help!
You are quite welcome, thank you for using our services.  Have we met all of your needs today?
Yes, thanks very much! Have a great day!
ok thanks and have a great day
You too! Thanks so much for all the help. Please end the convo and read the directions next time. thanks
Keep the snarky comments to yourself. 
Hi there.  I am excited about seeing some local tourist attractions.  Can you help me find a place to stay while I am there?
Absolutely we have 79 attractions, do you have a type?
Seventy-nine, wow this is going to be so much fun!  Anyway I need a 0 star hotel with free parking.  
I'm sorry there are not any matches for what you are looking for.  How about a guesthouse instead of a hotel?
Yes, that would be fine.  Something in the west would be great.
I'm sorry, but there is nothing with 0 stars in the west.
What about in the center?
Yes I found one guesthouse called el shaddai. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. I need to book it for 2 people and 4 nights starting from Friday.
I was able to make the booking.  Reference number is : MNL7UFXJ.
Thank you. I am also looking for a place to go in town. I would prefer something near the hotel.
I highly suggest the Vue Cinema. Would you like more information?
That will be fine. I'll need the postcode and attraction type?
The postcode is cb11ps and the attraction type is cinema.
Thank You!, I will need to book a taxi that can depart by 12:30, please provide me with contact and the type of car.
I have booked your taxi. Be expecting a yellow BMW. Please call 07643657212 should you need to reach them. 
thanks alot for yor help. that is all for today
Have a great time.
I will, thanks! You have a great day to. Bye.
You're welcome. 
I am looking for a restaurant in the west part of town.
What type of food are you looking for and what price range? 
I am looking for a restaurant in the moderate price range and the food type for those restaurants.
British, Indian, or Italian.
Indian. And can you find me something to do afterwards in the same area of town?
Meghna is a restaurant in the west serving indian food in the moderate price range. Do you need more information or want to reserve a table?
I'd just like the address for now, thanks.  Are there any attractions in the west part of town?
The address is 205 Victoria Road Chesterton. Anything else I can do for you?
Could be please call a cab?
I'd be happy to help you with a taxi, what is your destination/departure and what time would you like to arrive/leave?
Nevermind, I actually don't need one.
There are 13 attractions in the west area of town. Would you like more information?
What is the entrance fee for the attractions?
Churchill college is free in the west part of town.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
I'm happy to help. You have a great day as well. 
I need to book a restaurant.
I'm happy to assist you. What type of cuisine would you like?
I would really love to try christmas food.
I'm sorry, I am not showing any restaurants serving Christmas food. Would you like to consider a different cuisine?
I would love italian food then.
We have 15 different Italian restaurants across town at different price ranges. Do you want to narrow down your choices?
No thank you. I'll just need a price range and postcode for one of them. 
pizza hut city centre is inthe cheap price range. their postcode is cb21ab
Thank you for the information, I also need a train on Wednesday from Cambridge.
Will you be travelling alone, and what is your destination? 
I would like to request information about a train to London Liverpool Street, I would like to leave after 9:15, when do I arrive and what is the price?
TR5874  arrives 11.27 and will cost 16.60 pounds	.is that it?
Yes that was all I needed to today.  Thank you goodbye.
Have a good day.
Hello I need a train leaving after 13:00 that is departing from London Liverpool Street please.
There are trains leaving every 2 hours at 39 minutes past the hour from 13:39 until 23:39.  All cost 16.60 pounds and take 88 minutes.  Which do you prefer?
As long as they all go to Cambridge that is perfect.  Looks like I can get a trip on any of the trains.
Train TR5015 leaves at 13:39 on Friday. Will that work?
No, I need to leave on Wednesday. What's available for that day?
Same time on Wednesday. Does that work?
What time will I arrive in Cambridge on that train? 
TR2826 will arrive in Cambridge at 15:07. Would you like to book?
No, I need help finding a cinema located in the east
I have one located in the south and one located in the centre. do you have a location preference?
Either is fine. I just need a phone number so I can call one of them. Thanks. 
vue cinema is in the centre & the phone number is 08712240240
I'm sorry, but if their is no cinema in the east, can you find me a swimming pool instead?
I located the information for Parkside pools located at gonville place telephone# 01223446100.  Is there anything else you would like for me to look up.
No. You've been very helpful today. Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a lovely day!
I am looking for a place to eat in the West, Thai food please.
The Sala Thong serves Thai food.  It is expensive but good.  Can I reserve a table for you?
Yes, that sounds great!
What day, time, and party size do you need?
Could you give me the address, phone number, and postcode? 
The address is 35 Newnham Road Newnham, phone number is 01223323178, and finally their postcode is cb39ey. Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay great. That is all I need to know.
Are there any other tasks you need help with?
No, that is all I need today.
Ok. Thank you.
I'm looking for Crossover food in the centre. 
I'm sorry but there are no restaurants in that area that serve Crossover food. Can I help you find one in a different area?
A moderate priced crossover located in the centre, nothing?
No, I am so sorry but there are no restaurants that match that description.
How about modern european food?
De luca cucina and bar is available would you like to try that?
Sounds wonderful! May I have their postcode, address and phone number please?
Yes, their postcode is cb21aw, address is 83 Regent Street, and phone number is 01223356666. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, actually, I need to find a train schedule. I'll be traveling from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street.
There are many trains making that trip, do you have a day and time you would like to travel?
Yes, I'm traveling on Saturday, and I will need to arrive by 14:30.
I do have train TR3312 that departs at 11:59 and arrives by 13:27. Would that be something that would work for you?
Yes, that would work quote well. I won't be needing a ticket just yet, though. Thank you!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need. Thank you for all your help - goodbye!
Okay great. Glad I could help.
I need a cheap hotel in Cambridge.
I have 10 cheap hotels available. Which area of town are you looking to stay in?
I would like to stay in the west area. 
I have finches bed and breakfast or the cambridge belfry. Would you like to book a room at one of them?
Does it have free wifi?
Yes it does. Would you like me to book it for you now?
Yes please. I need it for one person on Saturday. A 3 night stay.
Ok I will book it for you
I'm looking for a hotel called warkworth house
Warkworth house is located at warkworth terrace cb11ee.
Do they have free internet?
Yes, they have free internet. Shall I make a booking for you?
No thanks. I do need a train, though. I'll be leaving Cambridge on Saturday.
There are many trains leaving cambridge on saturday.  Can you tell me your destination and what time you would like to leave.
I am going to London Liverpool Street, I would like to arrive by 17:00. 
Okay! How about the train that leaves at 13:59?
That train would be just fine. I need the train ID, price and depart time.
The train ID is TR2895 and the departure time is 05:59. Would you like me to book the ticket?
No, I'll just need the price, please?
Sure, the cost of the ticket is 13.28 pounds per person. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you for all your help.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train please.
There are several trains, where do you want to go?
I need to go to Norwich from Cambridge. 
What day will you be traveling, please?
I will be traveling on Friday.
What time do you plan to leave Cambridge?
any time on friday, arrive by 1515hrs. get me the train id please
TR3034 arrives by 14:55, would you like to book a seat?
yes please. help me get train ID and travel time
All set, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number 4CUZ9L1G. Travel time is 79 minutes
Thank you, I think that's all I needed for now.
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
I will be in Cambridge soon and look forward to seeing at least one of your attractions.
We have so many wonderful attractions. Can you please tell me what area you would like to be in?
I am actually searching for one recommended by a friend. It's called the cherry hinton I believe.
We have three different attractions with cherry hinton.  I have the cherry hinton water play in the east.  Is that the one you were looking for?
It's name is called the cherry hinton village centre. Do you have that?
Yes I do have that attraction in my system. What information do you need in regard to it?
What kind of attraction is it and what are the entrance fees?
the cherry hinton village centre is a multiple sports venue. I'm sorry but I don't have the entrance fee. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Yes, I need a hotel. It should be rated two stars and have free wifi.
Okay.  I would recommend the Ashley Hotel in the North if you are looking for a two-star hotel.  Would this be acceptable or do you need another area?
Ashley hotel is fine. Can you book a room for me starting from Saturday for 3 nights for 3 people? I will need the reference number.
Your reference number is CP54UMZF.  Can I help you further today?
thats it, thanks so much! 
Great to hear, you have a great day now!
I want to go to a particular attraction called great saint mary's church.
Sure! great saint mary's church is in the centre.  What information do you need?
What is the postcode?
The postcode for that church is CB23PQ. Would you like their phone number?
No thank you.  I also need a train that should leave on thursday and should go to cambridge. 
Where will you be departing from? 
I will be departing from ely.
great, do you know your departure or arrival time?
I need to arrive by 15:15
I have train TR4068 leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52.
I want to confirm that I will arrive by 15:15? You stated, leaving at 5:35 and arriving at 5:52?
I think the TR4992 train will work better.  It leave ely at 13:35 and arrives at cambridge at 13:52 on thursday. Would that one work?
Yes, I'm not booking my seat just yet. All I needed was the train ID, and you have given me that. Thank you.
You are welcome, any other questions today?
That's all I need, thank you!
I hope you enjoy your time here!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
I can help book a train to get you here.
Ok I will book it for you
How can I help you today? Are you needing train information or is there something else I can do for you?
I need an expensive place to stay that's 2 stars. 
I show two hotels in the north, 1 is expensive and 1 is moderate. I also show 1 expensive 2 star hotel in the east. Which area do you prefer?
Do any of them have free parking?
express by holiday inn cambridge has free parking. That looks to be the only option available.
Great, thanks! Which area is it in?
Its on the East side. Would you like me to book you a room there?
No, thanks. I just need to now the postcode.
Okay the postcode is cb13lh. 
Thank you. I also need to book a train to Cambridge.
Where are you departing from and on what day?
i am departing from london liverpool street
On what day would you like to travel?
Saturday, please. I'm thinking just a short vacation over the weekend. 
There are 5 trains on Saturday headed to Cambridge, what time are you wanting to leave?
What options do I have?
the first leaves at 5:39 and the latest leaves at 23:39
I need at a train that leaves after 12:30
Ok I have one leaving at 13:39. Shall I book it ?
Yes, Can you please book that thank you.
How many tickets will you need for the train?
I just need one ticket. Can you tell me what time it arrives?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 13.28 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : LMZE8AMH.
Great. Thank you so much. 
Your train departs London Liverpool Street Saturday at 13:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 15:07. Can I help connect you to anything else in our city today?
No. Thank you. That will be all for today. Goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
So I'm interested in portuguese food. Do you know of any restaurants that serve it in the South?
nandos is is a nice place. Do you want to book ?
Yes, please. 5 people at 19:30 on wednesday.
I've made the reservation and your reference number is J1DOHU0T.
Great I am also looking to get a train from london kings cross that will arrive by 12:30
I would be happy to help you with that. What day are you traveling?
I will be traveling on Wednesday. 
I have 4 different trains that will meet your needs.  Will you be traveling alone or with a group?
I'm traveling alone, can you tell me how much the train fare costs?
The cost per ticket is 23.60 pounds. Would you like me to book a train for you? 
Yes please book me on the train that arrives in Cambridge on Wednesday as closest to 12:30. 
Done! Your train leaves London Kings Cross at 11:17. Please pay 23.6 Pounds at the station. Your reference number is IDCU3WFU. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you. I also need a train to to arrive in Cambridge by 12:30. 
I have booked you on one. Would you like a second train?
Opps no, that was an error on my part. I won't be needing anything else. 
Ok, thanks for using our service. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town.
What kind of attraction are you interested in?
Are there any outdoor festivals or activities? I'll need the postcode and phone number.
There are 79 activities in the town center. How may I help narrow your search?
Are there any nightclubs in the centre?
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre. Would you like a recommendation? 
Yes, which one is the best?
Club Salsa looks good.
Ok, please give me Club Salsa's postcode and phone number.  I also want to find a hotel in the same area.
Their phone number is 07782218745 and the post code is cb12jb.  What sort of hotel are you looking for and in what area?
I'm looking for a hotel in the centre of town. 
We have 5 hotels available that are located in the centre of town. 
Which hotels are rated 4 stars and offer free parking? Can I have a phone number for those hotels?
sure theres two hotels, 01223525725 and 01223351241
What are their names?
They are Alexander Bed and Breakfast and University Arms Hotel.  Do you have a preference?
No, not at this time.  I just needed the information.  Thank you and have a nice day.  
Thank you. Goodbye!
I am looking for the chiquito restaurant bar can you help me find it?
Sure! Their address is 2G cambridge leisure park cherry hinton road, and their phone number is 01223400170
Please book a table for 6 people at 11:45 on tuesday.
I am sorry but the restaurant is fully booked. Do you want to try another restaurant?
Is there a similar restaurant in the area at that price range?
I'm sorry that's the only restaurant in that price range
I'm looking for a 3 star rated place to stay at that doesn't need to have free parking
I've got the alpha-milton guest house which matches your needs and is in the north. Would you like to book that?
Can you tell me the price of the room per night?
Not an exact price but it is moderate price range, do you want me to provide their info or book you?
Yes, give me their phone number and I will call them.
Sure, you can reach them at 01223311625.  Can I help you further today?
I also need to find  Portuguese restaurant in the south.
Nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south area. Would you like a reservation? 
What is the price range of that restaurant?
it's a fairly inexpensive restaurant.
I want something in the moderate price range. 
I have nothing that meets those requirements. Can I try something else?
What about modern European food?
Restaurant Alimentum is moderately priced modern european cuisine and is located in the South. Shall I book that for you?	
No thank you I just need information right now. I would like the address and phone number. 
The address is 152 - 154 Hills Road, postcode cb28pb. Is there something else I can help with?
Thanks! I also need to book a taxi between my hotel and the restaurant, leaving my hotel by 04:30, please.
Your taxi is booked. Be expecting a blue Volvo. Please call 07811154619 should you need to reach them. 
Thank you. That is all that I need.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for a train to London Liverpool Street.
There are many trains that travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street. What day and time would you like to travel?
I would like to leave Friday and arrive by 17:45.
TR5212 departs from cambridge and arrives at london liverpool street. It leaves on Friday 17:59. Would you like to book it?
No, that one won't work. I have to arrive by 17:45.
I have train TR9956 that departs at 15:59 and will get you there by 17:27. Would that work for you? 
Yes, that would work. Can you book me 4 tickets please? 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 66.4 GBP payable at the station .  Reference number is : X5EM7DTZ.   Is there anything else?
Would you like to make another reservation?
Your train has been booked, reference number X5EM7DTZ.  Is there anything else that you need help with today?
what attractions do you have in the south?
There is a lovely park, Wandlebury Country Park.  There is a great theatre on Clifton Way as well.  It is called The Junction.  Do either sound interesting?
Can I get the postcode and entrance fee for The Junction?
I do not show an entrance fee amount and the postcode is cb22ad. Can I help you with anything else today?
No.  I think that's everything. Thank you for your help.
Thank you and enjoy your stay.
I need some portuguese food! I need a restaurant in any area. Please give me a phone number.
Nandos is located in the south area. Address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and phone number is 01223 327908.
Is there anything else?
Nandos city centre is in the centre part of town.  Their phone number is 01223 327908
Thank you. Goodbye. 
Thank you, goodbye. 
I need a place to dine in the center that serves modern European food.
We have 4 different places. Do you prefer a specific price range?
Can any of them accommodate a table of 3 at 19:00 on Sunday?
I was able to book de luca cucina and bar LPZ329U9
That's great. Thank you so much.
Glad I was able to help. Do you need anymore help today? 
I would also like to find a 3 star hotel that includes parking. Can you help me with that?
Sure. The Gonville Hotel is located in the centre and the Lensfield Hotel is in the south. Would you like me to book a stay?
Yes please. I would prefer to stay in the center. 
When would you like to check in at The Gonville Hotel?
I need it for four nights starting on Sunday for three people please.
Done! Your reference number is ISXF46BT. Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you that will be all
You're welcome, have a great day!
I want to book a train from stansted airport on thursday.
There are several trains leaving from stansted airport on thursday, is there a specific time you would prefer to leave?
I need it to arrive by 17:15 and go to Cambridge
TR7012 departs the airport at 16:24 and arrives in Cambridge by 16:52.  Would this work for you?
Yes. Please book for 1 person. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 5P72XENH.
Great, thanks! Can you also recommend something fun to do in town?
What side of town?
What area do you recommend for entertainment?
I am not showing anything in the Centre, is there another area you would like to try?
Well, what area do you recommend for entertainment?
How about in the South part? There are two venues, Nusha and Tenpin. Would you like information about one of those?
Sure, could I have the address and phone number for both?
Nusha : unit g6, cambridge leisure park, clifton road cb17dy , phone: 01223902158. Tempin : cambridge leisure park, clifton way cb17dy 	08715501010
Thank you for the entertainment information in the south. That's it. You've been helpful. Goodbye.
You are welcome. It has been a pleasure assisting you today. Have a wonderful day.
Is there a cheap swedish restaurant in town?
There are no restaurants matching those preferences.  Would you like a different restaurant? 
How about one serving mediterranean food?
There is a cheap Mediterranean restaurant in the centre area of town. It is called The Gardenia.
That sounds good. What is their phone number and postcode?
The Gardenia is in the postcode C.B 2, 3 L.L. Their phone number is 01223 356354.
Thank you!
Your welcome, is there anything I could help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Goodbye. 
Please find me a place to dine that's expensive and in the centre. 
Fitzbillies restaurant is expensive in the centre of town. Would you like to try that?
I am looking for Thai food.
we have bankok city. it is located in 24 green street centre. can i give you the phone number?
Ok great. Can you reserve a table there for Thursday for 5 people at 15:00 please?
it was successful. Reference number is : AKNPF1IH.
Thank you for your help.
Your very welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes a hotel please. 
Okay.  I can help you with that.  Can you help me narrow the options down by providing preferences such as area, price range, and type?
You know what? I don't need a hotel after all. I heard something about an attraction called ballare, could you give me some information about it?
Ballare is a nightclub located in the centre area. the phone is 01223364222 and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
That is everything. Thank you so much for your help. 
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with today - transportation perhaps, or other attractions?
That is all I need.
Thanks for using the Cambridge booking service and have a great day.
I would like a restaurant in the centre that is in the expensive price range. 
There are 33 restaurants in the centre that are in the expensive price range. What type of food would you like?
I am interested in Indian food please.
There are six restaurants that match that description. Can recommend one of them for you?
Yes please do.
The Curry Garden serves expensive Indian food in the centre of town.
Great can I get a reservation there for 8 people at 12:30 on sunday?
Sorry, there is no table available then. Would you like to try another time slot?
I think I'd rather try a different restaurant at my preferred time, actually.  You mentioned there are several others?
Yes, there's the Goden Curry, Saffron Brasserie, Panahar, and Curry King.
Great! Can I have the Goden Curry? 
Sure, when would you like to make a reservation?
12:30 on Sunday. There will be 8 of us.
I apologize. I have checked all of the restaurants in the area and none of them can accommodate 8 guests at 12:30 on Sunday. Would a different day or time suffice?
I guess I could try 11:30.
Reservation booked with The Curry Garden for Sunday at 11:30am for 8 people.  Your reservation will be held for 15 minutes. Reference number is 6GRFMVDJ. 
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.  Anything else I can help with today?
No, I am all set.  Bye.
Thank you. Have a nice day, goodbye.
I'm looking for information about a restaurant named the golden wok.
Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese restaurant in the North part of Cambridge. Would you like more information?
Could you book me a table for 5 on Saturday at 12:00?
A table has been booked and will be held for 15 minutes. The reference number is 67II8018. May I help you with anything else?
That is all thank you! 
Thank you for using our system!
I am looking for a place to dine located in the centre and in the moderate price range. Can you help me?
You're in luck, we have many moderately priced restaurants in the centre. Cuisine offerings vary from asian oriental to european. What sounds good to you today?
is there chinese available?
Yes, there are 3.  Can I make a dinner reservation for you at one of them?
Yes please make it for sunday at 14:00, for 4 people. And can I also get the reference number?
I was able to book Ian Hong House, reference number is E8V1XGOA.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No thank you. That will be all.
Great! Please contact us again if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a nightclub in downtown Cambridge.
I have several, is there a price you would like to keep entrance fee under?
I don't really care. Can you suggest a place? And give me a postcode for the one you suggest please. 
Soul Tree Nightclub is nice and has a 4 pounds entrance fee. The postcode is cb23qf. Can I help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a train. I need to depart from cambridge and arrive by 19:15.
There are many trains that fit your criteria. Is there a destination to narrow the search?
I would like to go to Kings Lynn on Monday. 
There are many trains that day. I Have one that that gets in at 17:58, would you like me to book it?
That works for me. Book it for 2 people and I need the reference number.
Okay, I have booked your train ticket from Cambridge to Kings Lynn. Your reference number is RX3523989.
That's everything. Thank you.
You are very welcome and have a good night.
Can you help me find a 4 star rated place to stay please?
Sure, I'd be happy to help with your request.  To help narrow down the results, what area and price range are you looking for?
Moderate price range.  Something with 4 stars.  Area doesn't really matter to me.
Archway House is a moderately priced guesthouse in the north with a 4-star rating. They offer free Internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation?
 Can you book for seven people for three nights starting from Friday? 
Your reservations have been made.  Your reference number is A16QWFWX.  Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I'm also looking for a train to get to cambridge. I'll be departing from leicester.
i can help you with that! what day are you traveling?
I will be leaving on Friday sometime after 16:15.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : A16QWFWX. is that fine with you?
yes and thank you that will be all
Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the east and should include free wifi
Do you have a pricerange in mind?
The rating should be 4 stars and I want free parking to be included.
There are 5 guesthouses with your criteria. Do you have a preference in pricerange?
No, will you just book me something for wednesday for 1 person for 5 nights?
I have you booked at allenbell at 710 newmarket road. The reference number is : S0JDZBTQ. 
That's all I need, thank you!
You are most welcome!
Hello are there any cheap European restaurants in town?
Yes, I found one located in the centre of town called The River Bar Steakhouse and Grill. Would you like more information? 
Is there anything in the north part of town?  
Nothing of that criteria in the area. Shall I try again with another criteria?
Can you look for Italian food instead?
I have the Da Vinci Pizzeria in the north. It is a cheap restaurant. Can I reserve you a table? 
Yes I would like to reserve a table there. May I have the address please?
Yes.  The address is 20 Milton Road, Chesterton.  So that I can reserve a table, how many will be in your party?
One in my party.  I'm also looking for a train to get to bishops stortford, can you help me with that too?
I'd be happy to reserve your table; what day and time will you be dining?
I will be leaving cambridge on wednesday after 20:00 to bishops stortford.
What time would you like your reservation to be?
I don't need a reservation for the restaurant.  I need to find a train from cambridge to bishops stortford.
What day and time would you like travel?
I would like to leave Wednesday after 20:00.
Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No. Please send me the Train ID and arrival time. 
There is one leaving at 	21:29 and arriving at 22:07, TR4863. Would you like me to book it?
No, I got all that I need. Goodbye.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Hello, I'm looking for a restaurant that is expensive and located in the centre. 
Sure, there are plenty of restaurants like that. Did you have a certain type of food in mind?
I am actually looking for a lively gastropub.
I would recommend either Backstreet Bistro or The Slug and Lettuce.
The Slug and Lettuce sounds interesting. Can I have the postcode, address, and phone number please?
I don't have a phone number for them, but the address is 34 - 35 Green Street, postal code cb23ju. Is there anything else I can do today? 
I am also looking for an entertainment attraction in the same area of town that the restaurant is in, can you help with that?
I can definitely help you.  Do you want a boat, cinema, college, or maybe a museum?
Is there anything listed as simply "entertainment" in the center?
There are no entertainment venues in Centre unfortunately. I can either look for a different venue type or another part of town if you like.
Please try a college, instead. Could I get the postcode and phone number?
How about downing college on regent street, cb21dq? Their phone number is 01223334860.
Thank you so very much that is exactly what I was looking for! Thank you and have a  great day.
You're welcome. Have a great time!
I'm looking to book at a hotel call lovell lodge. 
Yes i have that hotel available. How many people will be staying and for how many nights?
There are six in my party, and we'd like to stay for two nights, starting on Sunday.
Unfortunately the booking was not successful
How very upsetting. Could you try for one night?
Certainly. I was able to book you one night at the Lovell Lodge. Your reference number is TRNPHVYH. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes please, I'll also need a train from Ely to Cambridge on Sunday as well. 
Certainly - what time are you traveling?
I'd like to arrive by 17:45. Are there any trains available?
I'm sorry, unfortunately there are no trains available at that time.
Is there a train that arrives anytime before 17:45 to cambridge.
I apologize, we had a glitch. We do have several trains on Sunday. The one that arrives closest to 17:45 is the TR9823, pulling in at 15:52.
Great. What is the travel time?
Travel time is 17 minutes.
What is the price on that train?
The trip costs 3.52 pounds per ticket. Would you like me to book that trip for you?
No that won't be necessary. That's all I needed for today, thanks!
Sure, is there anything else I can do for you before we go?
Nope! Thank you for your help!
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day.
I appreciate all the help, I hope you have a great day too.
Great. Have a great day. Goodbye.
 i want to book a taxi.
Sure,  i can help you with that.  Where will you be departing from? 
I want to leave from the train station. 
Can you tell me what time you would like to leave?
I want to leave london kings cross train station after 02:00
Okay, and what is your destination?
Oh, I'm sorry I need to get to gallery at twelve a high street.
I'm sorry, I don't understand. What is the gallery name you want to travel too?
It's called  gallery at twelve a high street.
I have booked you a white ford. The contact number is 07064257037 
Perfect!! Thank you for all your help.
Got it, your booking has been completed! Look out for a blue tesla, contact number 07520411520. May I assist with anything else? 
That will be all. Thank you.
Reservation reserved, let me know if you need any more assistance with anything else.
CAn you help me plan a trip to see a particular attraction?
Do you know the name of the attraction, or what type of attraction it is?
Yes, I am interested in the Scott Polar Museum. 
Would you like to book tickets?
No, I'd like their phone number if you have it available, please.
Sure, the phone number is 01223336540. Can I help you with anything else today?
I also need a restaurant in the cheap price range please. 
Is there a certain kind of food you would like?
I love Italian
ask is a nice place and serves Itailian food,o you want the adress ?
Is that in the north? 
Ask is in the centre
Is there any restaurants located in the north side of town?
There is one. It is da vinci pizzeria. Shall I book it?
Yes, please book it for 13:30 on Saturday for 8 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1OM7H5U4. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That is all, thank you for your help.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
Can you get me a train leaving after 18:15 departing from cambridge?
Sure! What day are you leaving? Where are you heading to?
I need to go to Norwich on Friday.
There are several. You can leave as early as 18:36, and as late as 23:36. Trains are every hour. Which would you like?
18:36, please. Book for 8 people. Give me the reference number.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is: CXC7G5W9. Can I help with anything else?
Thank you, can I also get a place to stay with free wifi and parking?
how about archway house?
Is it in the south?
aylesbray lodge guest house fits that criteria and is in the south.
Can you please provide me with the address, postcode and phone number?
01223240089 is the number and postcode is	cb17sr  address is 5 mowbray road
Thank you so much for your help. 
Not a problem, have a good day!
I'm looking for a train leaving after 19:15 departing from cambridge.
Where are you heading to?
I need to go to stevenage on wednesday
The TR9016 leaves at 21:21.
That sounds good. I will need 4 tickets.
I was able to book that for you; the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station . Your confirmation number is 3JBQP8O4.
I am also looking for a particular hotel called the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
They are a 4 star guesthouse in the centre area, pricing is cheap, internet and parking are included.  Are you interest in staying there?
I'd like to book that for the same group of people starting on Sunday for 3 nights.
OK, I have that room booked for you, your reference number is going to be,  G3S8EY5N. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay. Thank you for your help.
It has been a pleasure to help you, thank you for using our service goodbye.
I was hoping to visit the cambridge university botanic gardens.
Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is located at Bateman Street in Centre with an entrance fee of 4 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yes, I will need the phone number, postcode and address please. 
The postcode is cb21jf. The phone number is 01223336265 and they are located on bateman street. Is there anything else i can help you with?
I'll need a train to Birmingham New Street. Can you help with that?
I sure can!  What day are you looking to travel?
Monday, and I would like to get there by 21:15.
Where will you be departing from?
cambridge, I need 5 tickets and the reference number
Okay, the reference number is KVTFY7CR. Is there anything else you need?
No, that's it for me today. Thanks very much for your help.
enjoy your time in Cambridge!
Hi, I could use some help with information on places to stay.
Yes, I can help with that. What area would you like to stay in and what is your price range?
The price range is on the expensive side and I would like if they provide free wifi and parking. I want the hotel to be located on the north side.
We don't have any hotels that fit your criteria. Would you like to search for something a little different instead?
Yes, I would like to find a hotel in the south. 
The Lensfield Hotel at 53-57 lensfield road is a fabulous 3 star hotel that offers internet and parking. Would you like me to book you a room there?
That sounds perfect. I need it for 3 nights and 7 people will be staying starting Monday.
Okay, the booking was successful. The reference number is FGOM35JV.
Thanks. I am also looking for a train to Broxbourne from Cambridge.
When will you be traveling?
I am leaving on Thursday.
Did you have a specific departure or arrival time in mind?
I need to arrive by 18:00, please.
Train TR9531 leaves Cambridge at 16:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 17:01. That is the last train of the day. Would you like to make a reservation? 
Yes, please. I need 7 tickets. 
Your reference number is 4HRLU45B, is there anything else you need?
No, that's all I need from you, Thanks!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Please ca you tell me how to get to Addenbrookes Hospital
The hospital is located right on Hills Rd, Cambridge, in the postcode CB20QQ. Do you need a specific hospital department?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Wonderful. Glad to help. 
I need to find out if there's a train going to stansted airport that leaves after 12:30.
We have a train leaving on Friday by 12:40 from Cambridge to Stansted airpot but we need to know your departure point and date of departure to serve you better
Yes I will be leaving on Tuesday. 
When would you like to arrive by? 
Tuesday would be ideal for me.
The best fit for you from the search list is the 12:40 train leaving cambridge on Tuesday to arrive stansted airport by 13:03.
That works, may I please have the reference number?
Actually, it will arrive by 13:08. Does that work for you?
Yes. I need it for 8 people. 
Booking was successful. Your reference number is 2QS7T2UC. Do you need anything else?
Great I also need to stay at the University Arms Hotel
Okay I can help with that! What day would you like to check in and how long will you be staying?
I am looking for a place to stay. I want to stay in a hotel that includes free wifi.
I can help with that! What area will you be staying in?
Any area in Cambridge is fine, but I want the hotel to have a 2 star rating.
There are a few different options for that. What price range would you prefer?
Something moderately priced would be ideal, please.
I'd recommend ashley hotel on 74 chesterton road. Would you like a room?
Yes, that would be great.  For 4 nights on Tuesday for 7 people please.
I will book you for the Ashely Hotel,ok ?
I need some information on the Carolina Bed and Breakfast.  Can you help me with that?
I can definitely help with that. It is a guesthouse located in the east. It is moderately priced and has a 4-star rating. They also offer free parking and free internet.
Sounds nice.  Can you book a room for 2 nights for me?  There will be 2 of us, coming in on Friday.
I can not get the room booked on Friday, can you come in on another day, or stay for a shorter period??
Could you try for 1 night please? I'd also like the reference number if possible.
The booking was successful and your reference number is W2250JCI. Would you like any more help with anything?
I am also looking to get a train on the same day as the hotel booking please.
Can you tell me where you are coming from or going to and the time please?
I will be leaving cambridge on the same day as the hotel booking.
Okay, and where will you be travelling to?
I am coming in to Cambridge from Ely I need it to arrive by 15:15
Train TR5484 will suit your needs. Shall I book it for you? 
What is the travel time and the train ID? 
I have checked the schedule again and the travel time is 17 minutes and the train ID is TR0236. Do you want me to book this train?
I will book it myself, but thank you.
Is there anything else I can do to help you today?
No that is all the information i needed thank you. Goodbye
Have a wonderful visit!
Place to stay the night, with free parking and it doesn't need free wifi.
There are many places to stay that offer free parking. Do you prefer a guesthouse or hotel?
I prefer a gueshouse.
The acorn guest house would fit your needs would you like me to make a reservation for you 
Can I please have their address and phone number?
Yes, they are at 154 chesterton road and can be reached by phone at 01223353888.  Would you like me to book you?
Great can you tell me the star rating of the hotel as well?
Acorn Guesthouse has a star rating of 4. Would you prefer other options or would you like for me to book you?
No, but can you help me find a restaurant? I think it's called Meghna.
Yes, that is a moderate priced indian restaruant in the west.
That's it!  Can you give me the phone number and area, please?
Meghina's phone number is 01223727410. They are located in the west.
Ahhh.. great, thanks!  That's all I needed!
I'm glad I was able to help you today!  Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Enjoy your trip!  Goodbye!
Yes I'm looking for a train that departs on Wednesday from Peterborough.
And where will the destination be?
I would like to go to Cambridge.
There are 38 trains that can get you there, what time would you like to leave or arrive by?
i want to leave after 13:00
The TR5003 train leaves Peterborough at 13:48. I can book you a seat on it if you'd like.
I don't need a ticket right now, but could you tell me the travel time and price?
A single ticket costs 16.50 pounds and total travel time is about 50 minutes. Will that be all today?
I changed my mind can you book that for me please?
Your all set, the total fee is 16.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : EEJF27IZ.  Bye!
Hi, I'm looking for restaurants in the area. Could you recommend any moderately-priced establishments that are located near the town centre.
Yippee noodle bar is available if you would like to book that.
Is that a gastropub restaurant?
It is not, but The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar is a gastropub in the center of town, and it is a moderate price range. Would you like to book it?
Yes, please. For 6 people at 17:15 on Tuesday.
I've booked that for you. Your confirmation number is UGFBZ3HB. They'll hold the table for 15 minutes.
thanks you very much that's all i need.
Great, I hope you enjoy your dinner!
I think I may have hurt myself. Where is the nearest hospital?
It is on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Do you need any help?
Ok, can you please give me the phone number and postcode?
The number is 01223245151 and the post code is CB20QQ. Do you need an officer? 
I need help finding a restaurant please.
What kind of food are you looking for and do you have a certain area you would like to visit?
I would really like to find someplace serving thai in the centre of town.
Bangkok city serves thai food in the centre. Do you want me to make a reservation?
Yes, I need a table for 4 people at 19:30 on Sunday.
You are booked for Bangkok city. Your reference number is 64OEFCHO. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else?
No, that is all thanks.  Good bye.
Have a great day, and please call us again if you need anything else. Bye!
I'm looking for a train that departs from peterborough and arrives by 19:30
Where would you like to go to?
I am going to Cambridge on Sunday.
There is a train that arrives at 19:09. Would that do?
Sure would.  What time does it depart and how much does it cost?
leaves at 5:19 13.2 GBP payable at the station your reference number is CLPW6OR9
Thanks i appreciate your service. Can you also assist me with finding a place to stay? The Hotel should be a moderately priced 4 Star Hotel.
What area would you like to stay in?
in the south and preferably a 4 star which is moderately priced
Aylesbray lodge guest house meets all those requirements, would you like to stay there?
Yes, please. Can you book it for 5 people and 3 nights starting from the day we arrive?
Booking was successful. Reference number is : AXD7W0B9
thanks for the service, that is all I need. 
enjoy your time with us!
I am looking for information in Cambridge
What kind of information were you looking for?
I would like a 4 star luxury place to stay. It must include free wifi. But I'm cheap as all get out, so nothing too pricey.
I have a few that match, do you have a location preference? 
The area doesn't matter as long as they have a room available for 3 people staying 4 nights.
That shouldn't be a problem. What day would you like to begin your stay?
from Thursday. 
alexander bed and breakfast would be perfect for you. Shall i book it ?
It'll be very good if you can include alexander bed and breakfast but need to be in a reasonable price.
alexander bed and breakfast is ideal for you.
Can you help me to locate a free attraction near the hotel? 
There are many in the centre of town,what type are you looking for a church,or swimming or a park ?
I'm looking for a place to stay, can you help me out?
There are a total of 33 guesthouses and hotels in Cambridge. What is your price range?
Price doesn't matter to me, but I'm looking for something in the east part of town.
There are seven hotels that are in the east part of town.  Do you need parking?
I don't need parking.
I would recommend the A and B Guest House.  
Please book that for 6 people staying 3 nights from Monday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : GQ8MEF1L
Thank you. I am also looking for museums to visit on the west side of town. 
I have 7 museums in that area. Some have entrance fees and others are free. Do you have a preference?
 No, not really, thanks. Anything is fine.
The Cafe Jello Gallery meets your criteria. Would you like their information?
Sure, please tell me the address, phone number, and postcode.
The address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street, postcode cb30af and the phone number is 01223312112.
Great! Thank you so much for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's all I needed thank you!
You're welcome and enjoy your visit.
Hi! What can you tell me about the Lensfield Hotel?
Lensfield is an expensive hotel in the south.
Ok great, could you book a room for me? I need it for 2 nights and there are 6 in my party.
Yes. what day will you be arriving?
I would like to book starting Thursday.
Will you be needing a reference number?
Yes, please. I'm ready to write it down. 
Booking was successful. Reference number is : Q1LRYM78. anything else?
Yes, I was also hoping to find a museum to visit while I'm in town. 
There is The Byard Art museum and its free admission 
Hi can you help me find a very nice italian restaurant near the centre of cambridge?
Please specify your price range.
It does not matter. 
zizzi cambridge serves italian in the centre.
Can I have the address, phone number, and postcode?
Certainly. The address is 47-53 Regent Street with the postcode of cb21ab. Their phone number is  01223365599. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for the regency gallery attraction. Could you please provide me with information about it including the phone number?
Of course. It is a museum in the centre. Their phone number 01223365454. Can I tell you anything else?
Yes, I will also need to book a taxi to leave the restaurant by 22:15.
Of course, where would you like the taxi to take you to?
To the Regency Gallery, please.
Alright, I've booked a yellow Audi for you.
Can you get me the contact phone number please?
Sure, the contact number is 07487479836. Is there anything else I can assist you with? 
That should be all.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I'm looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.  Is there a particular department you're looking for?
I need the postcode, please. I'm just getting general information for now. 
Postcode is CB20QQ
Thank you for helping me. That is all I need for right now.
Thank you for contacting us.
welcome.Thank you for your help
Great! Have a nice day! 
I am looking for a Thai restaurant - any area will do.
Bangkok city is an expensive Thai restaurant in the centre of town.  
can i have its phone number and postcode ?
Bangkok City's phone number is 01223 354382 and their postcode is C.B 2, 3 J.X. Can I help you with anything else?
That will be all, thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using this system, goodbye!
I'd like to know the location of Clare Hall. 
Claire Hall is located on herschel road in the west side of town. Do you need more information?
Do you have clare hall's address?
Sure.  Clare Hall is on Herschel Road. 
Can I also get the phone number please?
Sure, their phone number is 01223332360. Anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a train that leaves Ely and arrives by 16:30.
Sure, where will you be going to, and on what day?
I will be going to cambridge and I can arrive whenever. 
What day will you take the train?
I will be leaving Ely on Sunday.
The TR5703 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please, for 3 people
Booking was successful, the total fee is 10.56 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : TDBKS2EJ. Can i help with anything else today?
That'll be all for today, thank you.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I want to visit the museum of archaelogy and anthropology and need a taxi to take me
Sure! when would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by 04:45.
Okay. Where are you departing from, please?
I am departing from The Missing Sock.
You are booked for a yellow Honda with the contact number 07575380490. Is there anything else?
No, that's everything. Thanks for your help.
Great! Have a nice day! 
Can you help me find a place to go in the centre?
I found 44 different attractions near that location, is there something specific you're looking for?
No, not really. What's your favorite thing to do in the centre of town?
My favorite thing to do is look at the architecture at Holy Trinity Church.  It's located on Market Street and it's free to get in.  Does this work?
Yes And I would like to find a train that arrives by 13:00 going to Kings Lynn.
Okay what day will you be traveling?
I will be leaving from Cambridge on Sunday. 
I have a train to Kings Lynn that arrives at 12:58.
Perfect! I would like to book it for 4 people.
Would you like me to book it now?
Yes please book it for 4 people and give me the reference number.
I will work on getting that booked and be right back with you. 
Okay can I get the reference number?
I was able to book it, reference number is XYAQ9XA4.
Thank you. That is all I am inquiring about today.
Thank you. Let me know if I can help again. 
I need a place to dine at in the south that serves chinese.
How about the lucky star?
Is it in the expensive price range? 
No, Lucky Star is cheap.  If you would like an expensive Chinese restaurant, might I suggest the Peking restaurant.
Yes, that sounds much better. Could you give me their information please?
The Peking is located at  010 Homerton Street City Centre. The post code is cb28nx. The phone number is 01223354755. Would you like me to book you a table?
No, that won't be necessary at this time.  But, I am looking for places to go in the same area s the restaurant.
The south end of the city has 8 options to choose from, including parks, theatre, a nightclub, a museum, entertainment, and a cinema. Which would you like to know more about?
I don't care.  Could you pick out something good for me?  I just need the postcode and address, too. 
Byard Art is a museum on the south side located at 14 king's parade, cb21sj. Can I help you with anything else? 
Thank you I also need to get a taxi between the two places please.
I'd be happy to book a taxi for you! Which site are you departing from, and what time would you like to leave and/or arrive?
i ant to leave the attraction by 19:00.get contact number and car type for me please 
You are all set, the vehicle is a grey skoda, they are reachable at 07920071341, may I help with anything else?
That should be all.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!
You're very welcome!  Just let us know if you need anything.
I need a train to arrive by 12:15 on saturday. Can you help me?
Wonderful, I can help you. Could you help me by telling me where you're departing from, and where you'd like to arrive? 
I am leaving birmingham new street going to cambridge. I need a ticket that leaves on saturday and will get me there by 12:15, can you help?
The train closest to your requested arrival time is the TR4382. It departs Birmingham New Street at 08:40 and arrives in Cambridge at 11:23. Shall I book you a ticket?
I'm not ready to book, but appreciate the information.
No problem at all!  Is there anything more I can help you with today?
Yes I would also like to find a place to dine  that serves italian food and should be in the centre of town. 
I can help you with that.  What price range are you looking for?
It should be in the expensive price range.
There are 4 in the area I recommend Stazione Restaurant and coffee bar. 
yes, that's fine.  Can I have the address please?
Yes, the address is Market Hill City Centre.
Perfect, that is all I need for right now.  Thank you for all of your help!  Goodbye.
You are very welcome!  Thank you for reaching out to the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you enjoy your stay! 
What is the address and phone number of a cheap restaurant in the north part of town?
da vinci pizzeria can be reached at 01223351707 and is located at 20 milton road chesterton
Thank you goodbye
enjoy your meal!
Hi, I am looking for a high-end Cuban restaurant in Cambridge. 
Unfortunately there are no high end cuban restaurants in Cambridge. Would you like to choose a different cuisine?
How about one that serves British food?
Fitzbillies is located in this area.
Is it expensive? I would like their address and postcode please.
Yes, Fitzbillies is expensive. Their address is 51 Trumpington Street City Centre. Their post code is cb21rg. Is there anything else I can help with today? 
Yes I would like to visit some architecture landmarks in the centre of the city. What would you recommend?
yes, there are four churches and a school in that area.
Could you suggest one to me? I will also need to know the address and phone number, as well as the entrance fee. Thanks.
all saints church is free admission and is located at jesus lane. The phone number is 01223452587.
Thanks so much! That is all I need help with today!
You're quite welcome! Have a lovely day, goodbye!
hi, i am looking for bar in town that serves food.
What area of town should it be in?
it should be in the east area and serve south indian food. 
what about price specifications?
I would like something cheap please?
I don't actually have anything in town that serves Indian food in the east that's cheap. Can I try something else for you? 
How about a restaurant that serves Chinese food?
I do not have any cheap Chinese food places in the east. Would you like me to search another area?
I really wanted South Indian food in the easy.  Are there any choices regardless of price?
Curry Prince is moderately priced, would you like me to book you?
Yes please book a table for 3 people at 17:45 on sunday.
Done! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is J7WQHV7J. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. Can you also find lodging for me? I am looking for a 4 star hotel that has free wifi.
Do you have a preference of area or price range?
No any one will do. What ever you recommend. it should also have free parking.
I recommend the University Arms Hotel. It is cheap and in the west. 4 stars and free parking and wifi. Can I book you a room? 
Could you please give me their address?
Their address is Regent Street, CB21AD. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Can I get a taxi from University Arms Hotel to Curry Prince by 17:45?
Of course! A black ford will pick you up at University Arms Hotel and take you to Curry Prince at 17:45. The contact number is 07880637030
Thank you so much. That's all I need today.
You're very welcome! Have a great day! Bye!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves chinese food in the moderate price range. 
I have found 4 restaurants that serve Chinese food. Which area would you be looking to dine in?
The centre. 
I found the jinling noodle bar. would you like me to book?
Yes, please book a table for 7 people at 16:00 on tuesday.
I am sorry they don't have an open table at that time. I can book a table at lan hong house. 
Is that in the same area and price range. I really want to make sure.
Yes It is in the same price range and area and your reservation number is G43TC012.
Thanks so much
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is everything I needed today. 
Thank you for using our service today.
Are there any cheap cantonese restaurants in town?
Yes, there are many cheap restaurants in Cambridge! What type of food would you like?
I'd prefer Cantonese, but I'd be up for Italian if necessary.
I don't have a cheap Cantonese option, but I do have 5 Italian places in that price range. Is there an area in the city you'd like to dine at?
How about an italian place for 3 people at 17:45 on wedensday
I'd like to recommend la margherita, found in the North.
That would be great - can you make that reservation?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is GGYMVIIA. Can I assist you with anything else today?
That's all I needed. Thanks!
Thank you, goodbye.
I'd like some places to go.  Some sort of entertainment.
There are 5 places all in the east, south, and west. Which of those areas would you prefer?
I prefer the centre area.  What do you have for places to go?  Type of college maybe?
There are 13 colleges in the centre area. Many of them are free - I would suggest King's College or Trinity College.
On second thought, I'd rather go to a entertainment spot. Got any of those?
I apologize but in that area, there are no entertainment spots.  That is mainly the church area. Perhaps I can look in a different section of the city for you.
Ok, I'd like to stay in the city centre.  I guess a college will do.  Can you give me the postcode for one that you would recommend?
The postcode of corpus christi is cb21rh.
I also need to find a train leaving Cambridge on Friday and arriving in Peterborough.
There are quite a few trips available. What time do you want to arrive in Peterborough?
I'm not picky on when I want to arrive I just want to leave after 12:45.
There are many options leaving after 12:45. The earliest departure after `12:45 is 13:06, arriving by 13:56. Would you like to book that option?
Yes, book it for seven people. I'll need a reference number. 
The tickets are booked and the price is 115.5 GBP which you will pay at the station. Reference number is 9YGZEA87. Can I help you with anything else?
No thanks. You have been very helpful. Goodbye.
You are quite welcome! Have a good day!
Please find me a train to Cambridge. Make sure it leaves after 15:45
I can help!  Several trains come here.  Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from stansted airport.
TR9390 will leave at 16:24 and arrive by 16:52. Do you need to buy tickets now?
Yes.  Please book tickets for 8.
Okay, 8 tickets have been reserved! Your reference number is 3YRAS11J.
Perfect! I also have one more question. Can you tell me a little about a place called the Yippee Noodle Bar?
It's a moderately priced restaurant in the city centre. It serves Asian oriental food. phone is 01223518111. Can I help with a booking?
Thanks, I would like to book a table for 8 on wednesday, please.
Sure, what time should I make the reservation for? 
20:15 on wednesday, thanks.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YP33ONP5.
That's all, thank you. 
Have a great dinner.
I need a restaurant serving swiss food in the centre of town.
There are no Swiss food serving restaurants in that part of town, is there another type of restaurant in that area I can help you locate?
How about Chinese instead?
There are 10 restaurants that serve Chinese in this area. Did you have price range?
Price range doesn't matter. Can I have the address of a place that sounds good?
My personal favorite would have to be the ugly duckling. It is located at 12 St. Johns Street, City Centre, postcode cb21tw. Would you like to book a reservation?
Yes, I also need a train that departs from Ely on Wednesday.
There is a train that leaves Ely every two hours starting at 05:35.  What time would you like to depart?
I need to arrive in Cambridge by 17:30, so whatever arrives closest to that time would be great. 
The train arriving closest to 17:30 in Cambridge Wednesday is TR2211, which arrives at 15:52. Would you like to book a seat?
What is the price?
The price of that will be 4.40 pounds.  Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes please. Can you provide me with the ticket information?
How many tickets will you need?
I just need 1 ticket please.
Your booking was successful, your reference number is PZ1ED5GM. 
Awesome. That will be everything!
Great. Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant that servers modern european food. 
There are 5 restaurants that serve modern European food, all located in the centre area. Did you have a particular price range in mind?
The restaurant should be in the moderate price range.
The Riverside Brasserie and De Luca Cucina and Bar are both in the moderate price range. Do you have a preference?
Can  you give me the contact information for The Riverside Brasserie?
Certainly. They are located at Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane, phone number 01223259988. 
Great, thank you.  Are there any colleges in town?
There are 18, actually! Is there a certain area you'd like to check?
Check the centre, can I get the phone number, entrance fee, and postcode of one?
Christ's College is free. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23u.
Thank you. I would also like to book a taxi to commute between the two places.
I'd be happy to help you. Which place will you be departing from? I will also need to know the time you'd like to leave.  
I will be departing from Christ's College and need to leave by 06:15 please.
Thank you! Your car is a grey lexus and the contact number is 07248267753.
I need a cheap four star room. 
There are 7 guesthouses and 1 hotel meeting your needs. Do you have an area preference?
No but I need it to include free parking.
All 8 have free parking. If you're looking for a guesthouse, might I suggest alexander bed and breakfast? 
Do all 8 places have the internet?
Yes, they sure do. Do you prefer a hotel, or a guesthouse?
Can you suggest one for me? I need the hotel type, phone number, and whether it has internet or not. 
Sure, the Allenbell is a guesthouse with free internet.  The phone number is 01223210353.  Can I be of further assistance?
I also need a train on saturday that departs from cambridge.
What is your destination?
I'm heading to Leicester.  I need to get there by 21:00.
We have 15 trains going to leicester from cambridge arriving by 21:00. Was there a certain time you wanted to leave at?
If I could get the train that arrives closest to 21:00 please.
I recommend train TR6034.  The cost is 30.24 pounds and it will get you there by 20:06.  Would you like me to book it for you?  
Yes that would be great if you could book train TR6034 for me. Thank you.
Booking for TR6034 was successful for one person.  Your total fee is 30.24 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is A1E9MYGC.
That is all I need, thank you. 
Thank you and have a great day.
Hi there, I'm looking for a place to eat that serves Indian food in the city centre. Do you have any good recommendations? 
There are a total of 9 different Indian restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a particular price you are looking for?
No particular price range, but I do need a restaurant that is available to book 7 people on Friday at 19:15.  I also need a reference number.
I have your reservation at the Curry Garden. It is an expensive restaurant on the centre. Your reference number is 24R72HY2. Do you need their address?
No thank you. I do need to book a train departing from Cambridge though.
I'm going to need a bit more information first. On what day would you like to leave, and what will your destination be?
I would like to leave on Saturday and go to Ely. 
What time would you like to depart?
I would like to leave after 17:15.
TR1469 leaves at 17:50, would that work for you?
That would be fine. I need you to book seats on that train for 7 people. 
I was able to successfully book your tickets. Your reference number is  I02B4IFI. Is there anything else I can help with? 
That's all I needed, thank you.
My pleasure. Please call again if you need more help.  I am happy to be of service.
Hi, I need a hotel with free wifi internet and a rating of 3 stars.  What can you recommend?
We've got two expensive hotels with that criteria. Would you like to stay in the centre or the south?
It doesn't matter where the hotel is located.
Both Hotels have internet, does not state if it is free. The hotels are The Gonville Hotel and the Lensfield Hotel. 
Can you book The Gonville for me please? It'll be just me staying
Yes, I can help you with that.  How many nights will you be staying?
4 nights, checking in on Saturday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 565UIMXV. 
Thank you for your help. Do I need to do anything else or I'm good?
That is all unless you need something more from me.
Thanks for all your help.
Happy to be of service. Goodbye!
Please, I need to find a hospital in town, will you please help me?
Addenbrookes Hospital is a great choice, their address is Hills Rd, Cambridge
What is the phone number?
The phone number to Addenbrookes Hospital is 01223245151.  Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
What is their address?
Their address is Hills Rd, Cambridge Postcode	: CB20QQ.  Is there anything else I can do for you? 
No that it is it. Thank you.
You're welcome.  Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Can I catch a train to Stevenage?
Yes, TR2515 departs on friday at 05:21 to stevenage, would you like me to book it?
Yes please when is the arrival time?
TR2515 arrives in Stevenage at 06:10, bright and early!
What's the total travel time for the TR2515 ?
The total travel time is 49 minutes.
Okay, thank you for the information!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for a park in the south. Any available that you could give me the postcode, entrance fee's if any and the address please?
There are two parks that fit your description. Both are free. May I recommend Wandlebury country park located wandlebury ring, gog magog hills, babraham? Postalcode is cb223ae.
Perfect, you've answered all my questions. Thank you!
Your welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge.
I will. Thanks!
good day to you
Yes, can you help me with my hotel plans?
Yes, I can certainly help you with that. Is there an area of town you prefer to stay in? And do you have a price range in mind?
I want to stay in Cambridge and I need a cheap hotel. 
I have about 10 options of cheaper rooms. Most are guesthouses and 1 is a hotel. Do you prefer one over the other?
I prefer a hotel.  Preferably one with free parking. 
Is there a particular side of town you prefer?
I would like to be in the center. 
The hotel is located in the west. Would you like a guesthouse instead?
After rethinking some things, I actually would like an expensive hotel in the centre.  I'd still like free parking as well.  Are any available?
I have two. Would you prefer 3 or four stars?
I need a four star hotel. 
I have many 4 star hotels. Do you have a price range or area of town in mind?
I would like it to be in the moderate price range and have free parking 
Unfortunately, I don't have any hotels that fit that criteria. Would you consider a guesthouse in that range?
Unfortunately I need a hotel that is 4 stars with free parking. Do you have one that is not in the moderate price range?
There is one in the price range of cheap would you like me to book that one. 
Yes, that would be fine. 4 people, 4 nights, starting from tuesday.
Unfortunately that day is unavailable for that many days. Do you have an alternative? 
Would you try for 2 nights instead? And, what is the name of the hotel?
The name is The Cambridge Belfry, but unfortunately they were not able to accommodate that reservation. Would you like to try it for a shorter number of days?
Yes.Let`s please try for shorter number of days. Thanks.
I was able to successfully book the Cambridge Belfry for two nights starting on Tuesday for four people. Your reference is BK6DS11E.
 Sorry, I did not want to book a room until I was sure of the price could you give that to me first?
I am sorry about that.  The hotel is in the cheap price range.
That's fine, thank you. I also need help with a train leaving Cambridge and going to London kings cross. 
Do you have a preferred departure/arrival time?  The travel time is 51 minutes and there are multiple trains.
I just want to leave after 16:45 going from cambridge to london kings cross on thursday.
TR6628 leaves at 17:00 and arrives by 17:51, do you want me to book you?
Not at this time.  I just need the price.
The price is 23.60 pounds. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you've been a great help, thanks for your time.
Thank you for using our system today!
Can you help me find a train going to cambridge that arrives by 18:30?
Okay, I think I can help you. Where will be coming from? 
I will be departing kings lynn. 
The TR3677 arrives at 17:58. Would you like to book it?
Yes for 2 people on a Tuesday please. And I would like the reference number.
I'm going with TR5793 since you are travelling on Tuesday arriving at the same time. The total fee is 19.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 4NLGW7WM.
Thanks so much. Can you also help me look for the Carolina Bed and Breakfast? 
Carolina Bed and Breakfast is in the East, it is a guesthouse in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a room? 
Yes please. Two nights from Tuesday for two people.
I got your room booked at the Carolina Bed and Breakfast. Your reference is FYLDIZUF. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a room for the same group of people for 1 night on the same day. And I need the reference number then too please
Ok I will book it for you
Hi, I'm trying to find Addenbrookes Hospital and they're supposed to have a medical decisions unit department, right?
You can find them with this number: 01223596066
Can you confirm Addenbrookes has a medical decisions unit?
Yes, it does. The phone number is 01223596066
Can I also get the postcode and address please?
Certainly. The postcode is CB20QQ and the address is Hills Road, Cambridge.
Thanks for all the info. I will contact the hospital now. Goodbye.
You are quite welcome. Do you require any further assistance?
Is there any expensive seafood restaurant in town?
Yes, there is an upscale seafood restaurant called Loch Fyne which is centrally located.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
can i get a booking for 8 people at 19:45 on Friday? send me the reference number.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : J5Q03QCS. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I also need a place to stay a 3 star preference and it does not have to have the internet, thanks for your help.
We have just the place. The alpha-milton guest house is a 3 star place that is located in the north. Will that be okay?
No I need a hotel in the West. Can you search again please?
Unfortunately there are no 3-star hotels in the west area.
Are there any hotels that fit that description with free wifi without three stars?
We have just the place. The huntington marriott hotel is a 4 star place with wifi that is located in the west. Will that be okay?
Sure as long as they have free parking as well. Can you give me the address and phone number please?
There is free parking. The phone number is 01480446000, and the address is Kingfisher Way, Hinchinbrook. Will that be all for today?
I also need a taxi booked to commute the two places and need it to get to the restaurant by 19:45
Sure thing! I've booked a yellow Tesla for you. If you need it, the contact number is 07855855225. Is there anything else I can help with today?
I just want to make sure it'll arrive in time for the restaurant reservation at 19:45. Can I get a contact number and type of car the taxi would be?
The car is a yellow Tesla. The contact number is 07855855225.
Thank you very much for all of your help today.
You are welcome very much. Thank you for using our service.
Hello, I need to book a roundtrip train ticket that will be going to Cambridge and then leaving on friday.
Okay, I have found over 2,000 trains going to Cambridge. To help narrow the selection, when do you want to depart and arrive?
I'd like to leave Norwich on Friday and arrive by 12:30.
There are 6 trains. The closest arrival is TR4045, which leaves at 10:16 and arrives at 11:35. Would you like me to book this train for you?
No, but can you tell me the total travel time for that train?
It is a 79 minute trip.
Thank you I also am looking for the all saints church
The All Saints church is on Jesus lane in postcode cb58bs.
Okay, what is the entrance fee?  And what part of town was it in again?
It's in the centre region, and it's free to get in. Can I get you any more information?
No thanks, that's all I needed. 
So happy I could be of service today. Thank you, and have a wonderful day!
Yes I am looking for an expensive place to eat that is located in the city center.
There are quite a few restaurants in the center.  What kind of cuisine are you interested in?
Hmm. I feel like discovering something new. Which restaurant would you recommend?
I would recommend Papadoux they are very expensive and right in the center of town
That sounds great. Could you book a table for one at 11:15 on Friday?
I'm sorry, Papadoux is not coming up. There is an expensive African restaurant called Bedouin in city centre. Would you like me to try that one instead?
Yes, or any in the same expensive range and the centre area. 
I apologize the Bedouin does not have any open seats for that day and time.  Would you like me to try another restaurant?
Yes one in the same area and price range please.
Okay I was able to book you into the Kymmoy, an expensive Asian restaurant in the center of town and your reference number is YCQWEGOS.
Great! Thank you so much for your help.
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you for all your help.
So happy we could be of service today. Enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I'm looking for a train departing from ely.
On what day do you wish to travel and to what destination?
I'd like to travel to Cambridge on Wednesday, but I don't want to leave before noon.
I have a train to Cambridge leaving Ely at 13:35. Will this work for you?
That should work. I need booking for 2 people and I will need the reference number, please.
I have booked two spots for you. The reference number is IU3F4FKV
Wonderful. Thank you. 
You're welcome. Is there anything else you may need?
Thanks, that's all. Good bye. 
Alright. Have a great day. Bye now!
I would like to find a train leaving from Cambridge. 
To help you find a train could you please provide me with your destination site, day of travel and departure and arrival time? Thank you
I am departing from Cambridge on Sunday. 
Could you please provide me with your destination site and departure and arrival time?
I need to go from cambridge to broxbourne and arrive by 14:15
We have TR4414 that departs at 13:00 and arrives at 14:00, or did you want something earlier?
Something earlier, please. I would like to book it for 4 also need info on jesus green outdoor pool
The TR2939 departs from Cambridge at 12:01 and arrives at Broxbourne at 13:01. Shall I book seats for 4 people on that train?
Yes please, that sounds perfect.
I was able to book the tickets the fee is 57.28 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is 85L2VXVQ. Is there anything else I can help with? 
I am also looking for a place called jesus green outdoor pool, do you have their address?
jesus green outdoor pool address is between victoria road and the river. Would you like more information?
no it think that's it thanks for all of you help
You are welcome.
I am looking for information in Cambridge
I can help!  What are you looking for?
Let's start with a moderately priced place to eat. 
What kind of food do you like?
Never mind, I don't want a restaurant. I want to go to a mulitple sports centre in the centre of town.
I'm sorry, but there isn't a multiple sports place in the centre of town.
Okay can you check for colleges in the centre?
There are 13 colleges in the centre. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes please and can I get the phone number and post code.
I recommend christ's college. The number is 01223334900 and post code is cb23bu.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train that goes from cambridge to broxbourne. 
I'd be happy to help. What day will you be traveling?
I'll be traveling on Wednesday. I'd like to arrive by 12:00. 
TR3279 leaves at 09:01 and arrives at 10:01.  How does that sound?
Sounds great. I would like to book it for 4 people please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 6YMFZR8E.
Thanks. That is all for now.
welcome anytime you need us
I appreciate that. 
We hope you have a lovely time on your trip! Don't hesitate to reach out if you think of anything else. Goodbye!
Hi, I am looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking.  Do you have anything available?
How about the Acorn Guest House in the north side of town?
That sounds great! 
Would you like me to book a room for you?
I will need the reference number please.
Absolutely! When would you like to visit? 
Friday. There will be 5 people in my party, and I'll need a reservation for 5 nights.
Perfect, I was able to book the hotel for you. The reference number is 2FD2JYN8.
That is all  I needed, thank you.
Enjoy your stay.  Bye.
I need a three-star place to stay please.
The hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north with a star rating of 3. Would you like to make a booking?
No thank you.  I am looking for a hotel instead of a guesthouse.
The gonville hotel is expensive and in the center of town. The lensfield hotel is also expensive, but it is in the south.
I'd like to book the Lensfield Hotel for 2 nights for 8 people starting from Wednesday.
I am sorry. I was unable to book that for you. Would you like me to try another hotel?
Yes. I'd like one in the same price range, please. 
There is the Lensfield hotel which is 3 stars. Would you like me to make a reservation there?
Yes please try that.
I was not able to get you into the Lensfield but I can book you into the Gonville Hotel if you like.
That would be great. Thank you.
Okay great. I was able to book the Gonville Hotel and your reference number is KWEQK0K1.
Thank you for all your help.
You are welcome.  Can I do anything else for you today?
No that is all thank you very much.
No problem! Happy to help! Have a great day!
Can you help me find a place to stay that has a 4 star rating?
I can certainly help you with that. Do you have a preferred price range or area? 
Thank you. I am looking for a hotel in the west part of town. 
I have 3 in west - two are cheap and one is expensive. Preference on price? 
I do not have a preference on price as long as it has a 4 star rating and is a hotel.
I would suggest the Huntingdon Marriott Hotel.  It is very nice.  Can I get you some information on it?
yeah, can you let me know if it has free parking? 
Parking and internet are both included, would you like me to book you?
Yes, please book for 1 person for 4 nights starting from Thursday.
Your booking was successful. Reference number is : 6I8873PA.  Is there anything else I can assist you with today? 
I would like a restaurant in the south part of town that serves christmas food
I'm sorry but there are no restaurants serving Christmas food. Can I find anything else? 
How about Chinese food?
There are three restaurants in the south part of town that serve Chinese food. What price range would you like?
i dont care
I would recommend peking restaurant, which is a nice restaurant in the south .
can i have the address of them, also the price range ?
peking restaurant is expensive, its location is at 10 Homerton Street City Centre.
thank you good bye
enjoy your meal, goodbye.
Yes, I'm looking to stay at a guesthouse while I'm in town. I don't need internet access, so don't worry about that.
The alpha-milton guest house is in the north and moderately priced. Would you like to book a stay?
I need something cheaply priced.
We have 9 guesthouses that match your search. Would you like to narrow it down?
I don't care as long as it's a guesthouse located in the north for cheap. 
May i suggest the Worth House? It is a cheap, 4 star hotel in northern Cambridge. 
That's fine. Can I book it on monday for 4 nights for 7 people?
I'm sorry. It looks like the guesthouse can't be booked for your stay. There's a 0 star guesthouse also in the north. Would you like me to look there?
Can you try booking again for 3 nights instead of 4?
Your booking for 3 nights was a success! Your reference number is KLPEPNED. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Are there any cheap restaurants near the hotel as well?
Just to clarify, are you looking for a cheap restaurant in the north area of town?
Yes. This restaurant should serve swiss food too.
I'm sorry, there are no Swiss restaurants in the north side of town. Is there a different food choice you would like to try?
I see. Hmm. What about Indian?
How about the Royal Spice, it's a cheap Indian place in the north part of town.
Thank you, please provide the address and the postcode. 
No problem, address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, postcode cb41eh.
Thank you.  I would also like to book a taxi to get from the guesthouse to the restaurant.  I would like to arrive by 17:30.
Ok, I've booked your taxi from Worth House to Royal Spice. You will arrive by 17:30. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes I would like a contact number and car type please for my booking.
Sure expect a grey Volkswagen to pick you up and the contact number is 07554509101. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the maximum passenger accommodation of the Volkswagen?  There will be 7 of us going to dinner.
The model of the car was not given, so I am not sure, your best bet is to call the taxi company to make sure the vehicle can fit 7 passengers.
Sounds like a plan. Thank you for all of the help!
You are welcome! Enjoy your time here.
I am looking for a restaurant that is moderately priced and serves Cantonese food.
There are no restaurants that serve Cantonese food in the moderate price range.
How about chinese type of food?
the Golden wok serves chinese food and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like their location? 
Their phone number please.
Their phone number is 01223 350688.
What is the area?
it is located in the north part of town
Thank you for your help. Good bye.
Goodbye.
Could you help me find a place to go? I'd like to find some architecture. 
Yes I have 5 architecture sites in the centre 4 are churches and one is old schools.  Would you like information on any of them?
What is the postcode for your recommended one? You choose.
Old Schools is a great place for architecture. It's free to get in. It's located on Trinity Lane and their postcode is cb21tt. 
That sounds perfect. Thank you very much!
Is there anything else I could help you with today?
No that will be all for now.
No problem.  Glad to help.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town.
I found several restaurants meeting your criteria. Would you prefer indian, italian or british food? 
I have no preference. Can I get the phone number and address of one?
meghna serves indian food, in the moderate price range and in the west part of town, its phone number is 01223 727410 and the address is 205 victoria road chesterton. is there anything else I can help you with? 
No, thank you. That is all I needed.
thank you, goodbye
On Saturday I need a train that will arrive by 21:45.
Can you tell me where you will be departing from and heading to?
I will be leaving from Ely and going to london.
Would that be London Liverpool or London Kings Cross?
Either one is fine with me.
Are you sure you don't have a preference?  
Yes I'm sure. I need to book that for 5 people.
We don't have any trains going from Ely to London Liverpool or London Kings Cross. Do you need anything else?
I want a train departing from Cambridge, going to Ely. Saturday, arrival by 21:45.
The TR7349 train arrives at ely at 20:07. Would you like to book it or more information?
That's a good time. Please book TR7349 for 5 people, please.
All set!  Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : H8XDA6RZ.
I am also looking for a place to stay that is cheap and 4 stars.
That leaves about 8 places to choose from. Are you looking to stay in a certain area of town? 
Yes, i need a guesthouse in the east please.
Okay! How about the Allenbell? It's cheap, 4-star, and has internet and parking!
Great! May I please have the phone number and postcode?
Postcode is cb13js, phone number is 01223210353, anything else that I can help with?
I got it.Thank you.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Are there any British restaurants in the center of town?
There are 7 restaurants in the center of town that serve British cuisine. Would you prefer one with an expensive, moderate, or cheap price range?
Is there such thing as cheap British cuisine? Where is that?
There is no cheap British food in the centre. Would you prefer a moderately priced one?
Perhaps. I'm also looking for a place to go .. maybe a park in the centre?
We have cambridge university botanic gardens. Could you like more information on them?
Yes please, can I have the address?
Of course. The address listed is bateman street.
Are there any moderately priced restaurants near the botanic gardens?
There are 4 moderately priced British restaurants in the same area as the botanic gardens.
I'm sorry - I'd really like the name of a British restaurant in city center, I don't mind what price but please do tell me what the price is.
OK, how about Restaurant One Seven? It serves British cuisine in city centre. It's moderately priced.
Sounds great. i don't need a reservation but can I get a taxi from Restaurant One Seven to the gardens?
Sure, I'll need to know a time frame for arrival or departure though.
I would like to leave the restaurant by 14:45.
Alright, I have your taxi booked to pick you up at Restaurant One Seven at 14:45 to go to the Cambridge University Botanical Gardens.
Can I get a contact number for that taxi?
Sure thing, it will be a black audi and contact number 07098094342. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm looking for something to do in the centre, what do you have?
There is a lot to do in the centre. What type of attraction are you most interested in?
Are there any good nightclubs in that part of town? 
There are 5 nightclubs in the centre, would you like more information about them?
I think I would just like you to recommend one.
They just added a second floor at Club Salsa. It's a must see. They are located at 1 Station Road. The entrance fee is 5 pounds.
Thank you! I also need a train that goes to Peterborough and arrives there at 14:45. I will be leaving from Cambridge on Wednesday.
There are 18 available trains that day. Could you tell me what time you would be departing?
I am not sure what time I want to leave yet.  Can you give me a list of travel time and departure times?
It sounds like TR3102 would be a great choice. It arrives by 14:24.
Okay, thanks! When does it depart, and how long is the ride?
It departs at 13:34 and is 50 minutes long. is there anything else i can help you with?
No that's all the help I need for now. Thanks 
Enjoy the rest of your day and thank you for using the Cambridge help desk.
I need a taxi arriving by 18:15.
Okay, I can help with that. I'll just need to know where you are traveling to and from
I'll go from ashley hotel to cherry hinton village centre
You're booked in a grey Skoda, contact number 07960351382. Can I help you with something else today?
No that will be all ty
You're very welcome.
i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd, Cambridge. Is there a department you're needing the phone number for?
No, just the general number and address please.
The phone number is 01223245151.
Is Hills Rd the full hospital address?
Yes that is the full address given on our system. The postcode is CB20QQ if that is of any help.
Alright. Thank you for all of your help. Have a great day.
You too, hope you feel better
can you help me find a cheap hotel?
There are 10 cheap hotels is there an area you prefer? 
On second thought, I don't care what price it is.  I just really need a guesthouse with free parking.
I have many cheap guesthouses across the city. What area are do you prefer and if no preference would you like me to recommend something?
i prefer the west side. it should also have free wifi
There is nothing on the West side,want to try a different area ?
I don't need it to be cheap, but I really need it to be in the west and have free parking and wifi.
Finches Bed and Breakfast has free parking and wifi. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please and i'll need the reference number
What day do you need it for and for how many days and how many people?
Starting Sunday for 7 people for 4 nights.
I am unable to book the room at this time.
Is it available for 2 nights?
Your booking at finches bed and breakfast for a posey of 7 on Sunday for 2 nights was successful.   Your Reference number is : CUZA1TZH. Can i assist you further?
Thanks, now can you help me find a theatre in town? You can choose your favorite and just tell me the phone number for it
We have four available theatre options in town.I would recommend the mumford theatre and the phone is 08451962320.
Can you help me get a taxi to go to the theatre?
I need to know where will the taxi be picking you up and dropping you off? And is there anytime specific time you prefer?
I need to leave the hotel by 8:00 and go to the theatre thank you.
I have booked you with a grey honda taxi. The number for contact is 07678148281. Is there anything else I can help with?
I believe we got it all done today thanks. Goodbye.
Have a wonderful trip. Goodbye.
can i get a place to go which is a collage?
I can help.  What part of town are you looking to spend time in?
No place in particular, might you suggest one for me please and give me the postcode
queens' college is in the west and has the poccode cb39et
please also find me information about  warkworth house
Warkworth house is a moderately priced, 4 star guesthouse located in the east end. Would you like to book a stay?
Yeah , 2 people 3 nights on tuesday, I am taking the wife out for a surprise trip. 
Oh! What a wonderful surprise! I've booked a room for three nights for the two of you at Warkworth House beginning Tuesday. Your reference number is QHYB953G.
Thank you very much. I think that's all I need today.
So glad we could be of service. Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and I hope your wife enjoys her surprise trip!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the west part of town. 
Meghna is an Indian restaurant, it is in the moderate price range, and it is in the west part of town. Would you like the phone number?
yes, and the address and postcode please. 
The phone number for meghna is 01223 727410 and they are located at 205 Victoria Road Chesterton.  The postcode is C.B 4, 3 L.F.
Perfect. Thanks for the information. Goodbye.
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
Hi I am looking for a place to stay that has free parking in the north part of town.
There are several options with your criteria.
The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the expensive price range.
There are no guesthouses with those criteria. Would you like to look in a different part of town?
i didn't mention a specific part of town.
I am sorry but there are no accommodations that meet your criteria.  Would you be willing to try a top rated but less expensive hotel?
Ok, how about one in the cheap price range in the north with free parking?
How about the Worth House, it fits those requests and has a 4 star rating.
Sounds good. I'll need rooms for 3 people, for 2 nights.
Okay, what day would you like your stay to begin?
We're arriving on Thursday.
I apologize, i was unable to complete your booking. Is there another day for arrival, or possibly a shorter stay?
Are there any other cheap guesthouses in the north with free parking? My schedule is inflexible I'm afraid.
There is, but booking was unsuccessful at the city centre north b and b as well. 
Is there any cheap guest house available for arrival on Thursday for 2 nights?  I still need free parking.
I am sorry your booking is still unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or shorter stay?
Are there any guest house available for my requested days?
Sorry, I tried to book a stay for 2 guests earlier. You're staying at the City Centre North B and B, reference number 28UEK6JH!
Great! Now I need a train to go to birmingham new street after 10:15 on Saturday.
There is a train to birmingham new street that leaves at 11:01 on Saturday. Would you like me to book it for you?
Not right now, can you please just give me the time, price, and train ID number?
TR5669 is the one that leaves at 11:01.  The tickets are 60.08 pounds each and the trip is 163 minutes.  Anything else?
Sure, you can book that train now -- just for me, please.
Great it's been booked the reference number is DR5MNOOS
Okay great that is all I needed.
Thank you for calling!
I want to go to a restaurant in the centre that serves gastropub food
There are three gastropubs in Centre, are you particular about the price range or would you like a recommendation?
I need it in the moderate price range please. 
I think you'd enjoy The Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar located at the Corn Exchange Street.  Would you like me to book a table?
Yes, could you book The Cow Pizza Kitchen for 8 people on Friday at 17:30? 
I have a reservation for 8 people on friday at 17:30, your reference number is ZKOGBRMR. 
Can you help me find a guesthouse that has 0 stars and free wifi, hopefully in the same area as the restaurant?
The El Shaddai is in the centre part of town, has free wifi and 0 stars. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds perfect, I'll need it for 2 nights on the same day please.
Sure, how many people should I book for? 
I need the reservation to accommodate 8 people please
Booking was successful, and they will hold your table for 15 minutes. Your reference number is ZKOGBRMR. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all for now. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I need some information on a train going to cambridge.
I'd love to help you with that! What day are you headed out?
Sunday. Sometime after 21:00, if possible.
There are multiple trains headed to cambridge sunday after 21:00. Where are you leaving from?
I am leaving from ely.
I have train TR4205 that leaves at 21:35 and will arrive in Cambridge at 21:52. The price per ticket is 3.52 pounds. Would you like a ticket for this train?
yeah, i need eight tickets.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station, your reference number is  0V72HM78. Will that be all?
I also need a guesthouse located in the north.
There are several choices, but all are priced either cheap or moderate. Which would you prefer?
Are there any with a star of 4? I'd like free parking as well if that is available.
I have 7 entries that fit your criteria. 6 are moderately priced, and one is cheap. Would you like information about any of these?
Yes info on the cheap price range
Worth house is in the cheap price range and located at 152 chesterton road	
Thanks, for now I just need their postcode and whether or not they have free internet.  
They do have free internet. Their post code is cb41da. Will that be all for today?
Yes, that's all. Thanks! 
You're welcome, have a great day!
I need a taxi please to express by holiday inn cambridge
Okay, I will need to know where you are leaving from and what time you would like to leave.
I will be leaving from leverton house arriving by 06:45.
Booking is complete. Your car is a white tesla and contact number is 07609996919. 
Thank you that is all I need
Perfect! Have an excellent day!.
Can you recommend a guesthouse at a moderate price?
Sure! And will you be staying in a particular area?
No area does not matter but I need free wifi. 
What is the price range you would like?
I am looking for something in a moderate price range. 
The Acorn guesthouse appears to meet your needs. It's in the moderate price range, has 4 stars and wifi. Would you like more information? 
Yes I would like to book that for 8 people for 3 nights staring on a Wednesday.
Acorn Guest House will be expecting your party of 8 for three nights starting Wednesday. Your reference number is H9QG5YLK. Do you need anything else?
Thanks, I'm also looking for a place that serves Korean food.
Little Seoul serves Korean food in the centre area.  Would you like to know more about it?
If it is in the same price range as the hotel, may I please have the postcode and phone number?
It is actually in the expensive price range.  Would you like me to look for another place instead?
Yes. I really would prefer somewhere moderately priced. 
There are no moderately priced Korean restaurants. Do you have another food type you would like to try?
Yes, I would like to see if you have any restaurants that serve Modern European food.
I have found 2 restaurants that serve Modern European food in the Centre area. Would you like me to book one for you?
No, I want to make sure that this place it to my liking first. Can you just give me their postcode and phone number so I can call them up?
riverside brasserie's name is 01223259988 and their postcode is cb21rt
that is it for today thanks alot
Thank you for calling and have a great day! Goodbye.
Hi can you suggest a good Indian restaurant in cambridge? Also I'd like some information on trinity college. Can you help me with that?
There are several Indian restaurants in Cambridge. What part of town would you like to eat in?
I don't want a restaurant, sorry. I am trying to get the phone number to trinity college, can you give it to me?
The phone number for Trinity College is 01223338400. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant that serves Chinese food and is in the east part of town.
I do have one restaurant. It is called Yu Garden. They are expensive and located in the east. Would you like me to reserve a table?
What is the restaurant's phone number?
Yu Garden's phone number is 01223248882.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a taxi to take me between the two places. 
I need to know when you would like to leave
I would like to leave by 17:15. 
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	white toyota Contact number	:	07530268013 Can I help with anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you, good bye.
You are welcome, glad to be of assistance.  Have a nice stay in Cambridge.  Bye.
im looking for a place that serves morden european food and with a cheap price range
There is one restaurant that serves modern european at a cheap price, it is the river bar steakhouse and grill in the centre of town.  Would you like more information?
Could you book me a table there for 1 on Friday at 11:45?
OK, you have a table for 1 at The River Bar, reference #G2XQJ7B5. Can I help you with anything else today?
I am also looking for a place to go for some entertainment in the east. Any Recommendations? 
How about the Funky Fun House on Mercers Row?
Sure, can you give me the address, phone number and entrance fee. Thanks.
You can call them at 01223304705. The address is 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate. Their entrance fee is unlisted
Great, thanks for that. Are you able to also book me a taxi so I can commute between the two places?
Yes, what time are you wanting to leave?
Well before 11:45 to make sure I don't miss the reservation would be good.
I have reserved you a taxi. they will be in a blue audi with the phone number 07033607984 if there is any issues.  
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
Okay, you are so welcome! Bye!
Hello, I'm looking for a train to Ely. I need to leave on Saturday.
I see there are 10 trains leaving Ely on Saturday. Where would you like to go?
I do no want to leave Ely. I want to go TO Ely. I am leaving from Cambidge.
My apologies, there are 10 trains commuting from Cambridge to Ely on Saturday. What time would you prefer to depart by?
I don't have a departure time in mind but the train should arrive by 11:00.
TR0718 arrives in Ely at 10:07.  Would that work for you?
That works perfectly. I am also looking for a cheap place to stay. Can you help me with this?
Sure, I can help with that. Do you have an area, or amenites I should look for?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel in the north area. 
Hamiliton Lodge is a 3 star hotel with internet and parking in the north area. Would that work for you?
Is it in the moderate price range?
Yes it is in the moderate price range with a 3 star rating and also includes free parking and internet. Can I book a room for you?
Yes, for person and for 2 nights starting on thursday.
I was able to book the room for you on Thursday for 2 nights. The reference number is 73MSEUIQ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That is all I need. Thank you.
You're quite welcome. Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre and have a wonderful day.
I've heard good things about the Acorn guest house. Could you find it for me?
The Acorn Guest House is a 4 star guesthouse in the north with free Wifi and parking. The address is 154 Chesterton Road and the phone number is 01223353888.
Thank you very much!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I also need a train to Cambridge from Ely.
Sure what day will you be traveling?
Wednesday and needs to arrive by 18:15 that day. 
There are 7 trains, TR1549 arrives at 18:07 if you'd like to book that just let me know.
I don't need to book right now. What time does this train depart from Ely?
Train TR1549 departs at 17:50 and arrives in Ely at 18:07.  
Excellent, that's all the information I need right now. Thank you!
Have a great day. 
I'm looking for place to go, do you have any ideas?
Were you interested more in something like night clubs or museums, or boats? Or something totally different?
I need a place in the centre. I welcome any suggestions you may have.
There are lots of options in that area. How about a church?
A church is great can I have the address of the one you recommend?
May I suggest All Saints Church, it has really great architecture?  It's located at Jesus Lane, cb58bs.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you please find a restaurant  in the same area as the attraction and in the expensive price range.
I have many places. A specific type of food perhaps?
Do you have any that serve Italian food? 
Stazione restaurant and coffee bar is a great place to eat. Would you like a reservation?
Not at this time but can I get their phone number?
Yes, the phone number is 01223352607.
That is all I needed today, thank you.
Have a nice day. Is there anything else I can help you with.
Can you tell me about the attractions in the center of town?
There are numerous attractions. We have museums, colleges, nightclubs are more! What are you interests?
Could you recommend a nice park?
The Cambridge university botanic gardens are very nice.
Oh, that sounds great. Can I get their phone number please?
Yes, it's 01223336265. Can I do anything else for you?
I am also looking for a hotel called finches bed & breakfast. What is the area, hotel type and price range?
Finches bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in the west and has a cheap price range. Would you like a reservation?
No, that's all for today. Goodbye.
Enjoy your stay here !
i am looking for an expensive restaurant that serves british food
Okay! I have found 6. What area of town would you like to dine in?
I am looking for an upscale, expensive one in the centre of town, please.
There are 3 in the centre. I recommend the cambridge chop house, would you like me to reserve a table there for you?
That would be great. Please make it for Monday. 
What time would you like the table for? And how many in your party?
8 people at 11:45. I need the reference number please. Also, I need a hotel with wifi in the same price range as the restaurant.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZXIBGEVS. 
I'm also looking for an upscale, expensive hotel in the area as well. 
How many stars are you looking for?
it absolutely must be a 3-star hotel
The Lensfield Hotel would meet your needs.  It's located at 53-57 Lensfield Rd.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, for 8 staying 5 nights starting Monday, provide reference number. Also, book a taxi from hotel to arrive at restaurant by 11:45. I will need contact number and car type.
Your hotel booking was successful. Reference number is : 1Y395K30. As for the taxi, be expecting a white Lexus. Their contact number is 07735778206 should you need it. 
Thank you for your help, that is all I need for today. Goodbye
Okay you are welcome. 
Hello. I'd like a train to ely please.
I can do that. When and where will you be catching the train? 
I will be departing from Cambridge on Wednesday. I would like to leave after 21:00.
Thanks for that information. Is there a time you would like to arrive by?
No I don't have a specific time to arrive. 
TR8533 will leave Cambridge at 21:50. Would you like a ticket on that train?
No thank you but I do need the arrival time and train ID.
The train ID is TR8533. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Can you also help me find a 2 star hotel to stay at?
Yes I have 3 choices in the north and east from moderately to expensively priced.
I would like the expensive choice please. I need their information. 
express by holiday inn cambridge	is a expensive hotel in the east with a 2 star, would you like their adress
Does it have internet and free parking?
Yes, it does have free parking and internet. Would you like to make a reservation?
No thanks, I just need their postcode, please.
Their postcode is cb13lh. Can I help you with anything else today?
No that will be all thank you. 
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
Hi. I'm trying to find a restaurant that serves Venetian food.  I'd like to stay in the west part of town.  Can you find me a phone number?
I apologize, there are no restaurants that serve venetian food in the west part of town. Would you like to try a different part of town?
That's okay! How about Indian food? Could I have the address and phone number of an Indian food restaurant please. 
Cocum is an Indian restaurant located at 71 Castle Street City Centre, and it's phone number is 01223 366668.
Is it in the west part of town?
Yes, it is in the west part of town. 
Awesome, thank you!  That's all I needed to know.  Have a good evening.
You're quite welcome.  Good bye.
Could you help me find a place to stay? I am looking for a hotel with 3 stars and has a moderate price.
We have four such hotels. Do you have a preferred location or type?
Location doesn't matter really, I would like it to be moderately priced with a 3 star rating. 
How about Hamilton Lodge? It is a moderately priced guesthouse in the North with 3 stars and free wifi and parking!
That sounds good. I want to make a booking for 5 people. We need to stay for 5 nights starting on Friday.
OK, your hotel is booked. Friday for 5 nights for 5 people at Hamilton lodge. Ref# is 9TUYXWW9. May I help with something else?
Could you also help me find a swimmingpool in town? let me know what area it is in.
There are a few.  Do you have a preference in location?
No preference, but close to the hotel would be good.
Jesus Green Outdoor Pool is between Victoria Road and the river.
That sounds good.  I will also need a taxi to get between the hotel and the pool.  I'd like to leave the pool at 04:30 please.
Sure.  I booked a Grey Volkswagen for you.  It will pick you up at the pool at 4:30.  The contact number is 07941682445. Is there anything else?
That's all I need! Thank you!
Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a good day!
I would like to find a restaurant in the expensive price range that is located in the city center.
There are 33 expensive resturants in the city center.  We could narrow it down more by food type. What type of food would you like?
I do not care about that.
Bedouin serves African food, is in the center, and in the expensive price range. Do you want me to book this restaurant?
Yes, I'd like to book a table for seven at 19:15 on Tuesday.
Ok I have booked you at Bedouin on Tuesday at 19:15 for 7 people.
May I have the reference number please?
It is actually not open then, another day or place to dine?
How about a different restaurant in the area and price range?
I was able to book you at the Cambridge chop house. Reference number K1T50MHG.
Thank you, that's all I need today.
Okay. Enjoy your dinner.
Can you help me find a hotel in the north.
Sure can. We have 13 choices in the north. Any other preferences?
Yes, I would like it to be cheap, but also include free wifi.
The worth house matches your search criteria and has a 4 star rating. Would you like me to create a booking?
No thank you, I appreciate your time!
I'm happy to have helped you. Thank you for using  Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Wait, what is the phone number for the Worth House?
The phone number for Worth House is 01223316074.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do they have free parking? I also need to find a cinema in the west. 
Yes, Worth House has free parking. It doesn't appear there are any cinemas in the west. Would you like me to try another area?
How about a museum?
I'm sorry, there are no museums in the west, either.  Would you like to try something else?
No, I'd really like either a cinema or a museum on the west side of town. Could you please look again for me?
I have many museums but no cinema. are you looking for a specific type of museum?
Not really. What are my options?
We have seven museums on the west side of town.
Can I have the phone number to the museum that's closest to me?
I believe that would be the Museum of Classical Archaeology on Sidgwick Avenue. Their phone number is 01223335153. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would like a taxi to get from the museum to the hotel. 
What time would you like to leave the museum or arrive to the hotel by?
I would like to leave the museum by 09:15
Okay. Booked a yellow volkswagen. Contact number: 07289505959.
Thank you very much! goodbye.
Goodbye. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Hi, I'm looking for a cheap place to sleep, please.
What area of Cambridge will you be staying in? We have multiple hotels to choose from. 
It doesn't matter, should be cheap and has four stars.
You're in luck, I have 6 guesthouses and 2 hotels that are cheap with a 4 star rating. Would you be interested in booking a room?
Yes, but the place needs to have free wifi as well.
I would recommend the four-star Alexander Bed and Breakfast.  It is a cheap offering in the centre and it has wifi. 
do they have free parking?
They do, they are located in the centre. Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, I am ready for a reservation.
I will just need number of people staying and number of nights and your arrival date.
Actually, I just need the address of the hotel.
Their address is 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Anything else I can help with? 
I looking as well for a restaurant, in the same price range as the hotel. Located in the centre.
There are 15 different restaurants that meet that criteria, is there a type of food you're interested in to narrow your choices down?
pick one for me and book for 2 people at 12:00 on Wednesday.
Charlie chan is a nice place I will book it for you 
Hi, I'm looking for a train that's departing Cambridge and going to London Liverpool Street. 
I have the listings up for you, what date and time will you need that train?
I need to travel on Thursday, and I need to arrive by no later than 16:15.
There are 5 results, depending on when you want to leave. There is a train that leaves at 11:59 and arrives by 13:27, will that be ok?
Yes, that will work can you book that for me?
Yes I can book that for you. How many people will be needing tickets?
I need tickets for 8 people. 
Your reference number is OWVUY7ZZ. The total fee is 132.8 GBP payable at the station. Do you need anything else?
Thanks and yes, now that you asked, I really would like to check out some colleges in the centre
You're in luck, we have 13 colleges in the centre. May I recommend Christ's College for you? It has free admission.
could you please provide the address, phone number, and entrance fee.
Christs College is on St. Anfrews st. and phone is 01223334900
Hi there, can you help me with my trip planning?  I am trying to find a good place to stay.
Sure thing! I found a few hotels that you may be interested in. What area and how many nights do you need the hotel for?
I want it in the east area and I don't have have a length of stay.
I have one hotel available in the east and some guesthouses as well.  Would you like me to book a room for you?
Are any of the guesthouses in the east?
The autumn house is in the east what day would you like it for.
I'm looking for an Italian restaurant in the east.
There is Pizza Hut fen ditton. It's moderately priced. Would you like a reservation?
Yes, please. 1 person at 16:45 on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 37MP7UCY. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was all. Thanks!
Thank you for allowing me to help you. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train that departs from Peterborough and goes to Cambridge.
I have many trains available. What day would you like to leave?
We will be leaving on Sunday afternoon.
There are still many trains to pick from, can you narrow down a departure and arrival time frame?
Yes, it should leave after 20:15 and leave on monday, not sunday. Please give me a price, travel time, and arrival time for any train. 
I have one leaving at 20:19 and arriving at 21:09. It is 13.20 pounds. Would you like me to book that for you.
Yes please. What is the travel time? I'll also need a hotel in the expensive price range. Can you help me with that as well?
Travel time is 50 minutes. I found 5 hotels you may like.  Do you have a star rating request or an area you prefer?
Yes, I'd like a 2 star rating and I'll need it to be in the east side of town.
I found one hotel that matches your criteria, It's the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. Would you like to book there?
Yes, I would like to book it for 3 people starting that same day for 4 nights.
I have you booked at the Express by Holiday Inn, three people for four nights starting on Monday. Your reference number is XPFOA5KT. Is there anything else you need?
That is all thank you goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
I need a train leaving Cambridge after 21:15.
Ok, I have 5 options for you. The earliest leaves at 21:59.
I would like to travel on Saturday and go to Leicester. 
The TR7610 leaves Cambridge at 21:21 and arrives in Leicester at 23:06. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes, can you book me a ticket for 3 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 90.72 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is DKV6X3Z3
Wonderful.  Can you tell me if A and B Guesthouse is still around?
Yes I have a listing for the a and b guest house.
Can get some detailed information on this place?
Sure thing!  It is in the east, moderate priced and 4 star.  Need me to book a room?
Can you tell me the phone number, hotel type, and postcode?  I need to check on a few things.
The phone number for A and B Guest House is 01223315702 and the postcode is cb12dp.
I'd like a train leaving on Tuesday from Kings Lynn, please.
Is there a particular time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I would like to arrive in cambridge by 17:30.
Ok I can book you on TR8177 from Kings lynn to Cambridge on Tuesday. How many seats do you need?
I just needed the info, no booking just yet. Thanks! goodbye.
Thank you for using or system.  Good bye.
Have a great day
Thank you and have a great day.
I actually need a place to stay as well. Something in the east please.
We have 6 guesthouses and one hotel on the eastside, you looking for any specific amenities or have a price range in mind?
I am looking for something that is moderately priced with free wifi. 
I have the a and b guesthouse that has wifi and is moderately priced.
Sounds great, could you book it for 3 people for 2 nights starting on the same day as my train?
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to check in on a different day or shorten your stay?
Yes let's go ahead and make it for just 1 night then.
Booking was successful. Your reference number is AAO2UA2S. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that should do it! Thank you very much for your help.
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day. Goodbye.
i need a place to stay
I can help with that. Do you have a preference in location?
I would prefer it to be in the North.
Do you have a price range or star level in mind?
I don't care about price but I'd like a 4 star place.
I have 8 different four star guesthouses.  They all include internet, would you like to make a reservation?
Can you select one and make a reservation for me for Thursday please?
I can book you into the Acorn Guest house. How many nights do you want to stay?
Does that have free parking?
Yes, the Acorn guest house has parking
Can you book that for me for 2 nights beginning Thursday?
How many people will be staying at the Acorn, please? Is the booking for you only?
There will be 5 of us
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 7FLYWY4J. I would love to help with anything else !
I also need a cinema to visit?
Do you have a particular part of town in mind?
In the same area as the hotel
Sorry, I didn't find any cinemas in the north.
Hmm, how about a park, then?
I don't have that either.
Will you please try again? There's gotta be a park somewhere.
I have 5 other parks in the centre, east, north, and south.
I just want a park in the same area as my hotel
Oh okay, looks like there is one park. It is Milton Country Park in the North. Their phone number is 01223420060. The address is milton country park, milton.
Thanks, I need a taxi to get between the two places.
What time would you like to leave?
I need to get there by 09:15
Okay I have booked a yellow toyota for you. The contact number will be 07196305390
Great. Can you also book a place for dinner on Thursday night?
What type of restaurant are you looking for?
I need a don't care restaurant. Thank you
I'm sorry, there was an error in our system. Could you please rephrase your question?
I need a restaurant to commute between the attraction and restaurant. I want to leave the attraction by 9:15 and I need car type and contact number please. Thank you, bye..
Ok.  I booked a yellow toyota for you leaving milton country park at 09:15 and going to the acron guest house.  Is that correct?
I am looking for information in Cambridge
great, what would you like to know?
I would like to find a place with multiple sports in the centre of the city. 
Unfortunately, the only multiple sports place I have is in the east. Is there something else you might be interested in?
How about a college instead?
There are quite a few. Some have entrance fees while other are free. Do you have a preference? 
No, no preference. Which one do you recommend?
Christ's college is in the centre of town. Would you like some information on it?
Yes, may I have their address and entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee for christ's college and it's address is saint andrew's street. 
Great. I also need a train for Thursday. Can you help with that?
Yes, but first I need more details about your trip.
I am leaving cambridge and would like to arrive at 18:00
the tr8272 leaves at 05:00 
I need it to leave after 09:15 from London Liverpool Street. Can you find me a train and book it for 1 person?
TR0998 leaves at 09:39. I have booked it for you. Reference number: JW1DTLPN.
Thank you, have a good day.
Thank you! I hope you have a wonderful trip! Goodbye.
I need a train to Norwich, from Cambridge. 
What day were you planning to travel?
On Tuesday. I need to get into Norwich by 15:00.
TR1659 is train that goes from cambridge to norwich and arrives at norwich at 14:55. Would you like to book it?
No thanks. I don't want to book today. But can you tell me what time that train departs? 
TR1659 leaves Cambridge at 13:36.
Thank you, I also need to find a place to stay. I would prefer a guesthouse.
I have 24 guesthouses available. Did you have a price range in mind? 
Yes the cheap price range
There are 9 guesthouses in the cheap price range. Is there an area or a star rating you prefer?
Yes, I prefer one located to the west. I don't care of how many stars it has. 
Finches bed and breakfast is the only place that matches your criteria.
Okay, then book a room for 4 people and 5 nights on Thursday.
Good news. Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is GZH5Q65C.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was everything I needed help with, thank you.
My pleasure! Enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a restaurant in the expensive price range in the centre. 
There are quite a few options open to you. Is there a particular type of cuisine you are interested in?
Yes, I'd like to find a place serving North American cuisine. 
I show the Gourmet Burger Kitchen available on Regent Street City Centre.  Would you like to book a table?
Yes, please. Can you book a table for 4 on Saturday at 12:45? 
The reference number is E1KV4Y86. May i please help you with something else. 
I also need a train please. 
What is the destination?
I am looking to travel to peterborough and arrive by 11:30
I recommend train TR3596 it will get you there by 11:24 on Saturday.  Want me to book it?
Yeah, please book it for the same group of people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 52.8 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : G82GDIBP. Can I help with anything else today?
No, thank you, that will be all.
Thank you, enjoy your stay.
I need to find a train leaving Cambridge on Wednesday.
I'd be happy to help you find a train. What is your destination?
I am looking to go to norwich.
I have many trains for you. Did you have a departure or arrival time in mind? 
The train should arrive by 21:30
TR7855 will arrive at 20:55 if that works for you
That sounds goo. Can you book for 4 people? 
Your booking was successful. The total fee will be 70.4 GBP and your reference number is K82OYK3I. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a restaurant on the east side of town. 
There are several to choose from. The Grafton Hotel Restaurant serves classic British fare, but is on the expensive side. Does that sound good or were you looking for something else?
Yes it sound good, can you book table for 4 people at 16:30 on Wednesday?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is: 57035G2J. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you for your help.
Enjoy your train ride and dinner!
Hi there, I am looking for a train going to Cambridge, and departing from London liverpool street. Can you book me one? 
Absolutely.  Can you please tell me what day you would like the booking to be made for?
I'll be traveling on Saturday, please. Oh and I don't want to leave too early, let's say something after 17:45.
The first train after 17:45 from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge leaves at 19:39 and arrives at 21:07. Would that be to your liking?
That would work, could you tell me the travel time for that as well?
Absolutely. The travel time is 88 minutes for that route. Would you like me to book a ticket for you? 
No, I don't need it booked right now. I would really like to find a college to visit in town.
I have many colleges but I could recommend clare hall. It is on the west side. Would you like more information on one?
Yes.  Could you tell me what the entrance fee is?
The entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you for that information, you've been very helpful. I will call back when I'm ready to book the train.  Goodbye.
Thank you for using our system today!
I need to find an expensive place to eat.
There are plenty of choices in the expensive range.  Do you have a particular food type or area you're interested in?
Yes, I'm looking for seafood.
loch fyne is an expensive restaurant in the expensive price range. Would like me to book it for you?
Yes. Can you book a table for 7 people on Monday at 12:45?
I'm sorry.  There are no reservations at that time.  Would you like to try another time slot or day?
Lets try earlier around 11:45?
The booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is : JQPIEJ2R. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes.  I'll need a train departing from Cambridge.
What day and time would you like to travel? 
I would be traveling on tuesday and should leave norwich after 11:30. 
There are 5 trains for that day departing after 11:30 what time would you like to arrive by?
I don't have a specific time I need to be there by, any train will do for the same number of people as before.
TR5949 departs cambridge at 11:36 and arrives ag 12:44.  May I book that for you?
Yes, please book this train. Also, I will need a reference number.
The booking was successful, the total fee due at the station is 123.2 GBP and the reference number is F14S262Z.
Thank you so much for your help with the restaurant and the train.
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
Are there any crossover restaurants in the west?
There are no crossover restaurants in the west is there another area you'd like me to look in?
How about looking for crossover restaurants that are expensive. Doesn't matter the area. 
No I am truly sorry. Something else perhaps?
How about one that serves European food?
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is a European place in the west that is expensive.  Would you like to book a table?
No but can I get the phone number, postcode, and address please?
Absolutely. They are located at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road, City Centre. Their phone number is 01223355166. Their postcode is cb30dq. Anything else I can help with?
Yes I would like a train to bishops stortford please.
I can help you with that.  Just to confirm, are you departing from Cambridge or another city?
Yes, departing from Cambridge on Monday. I'd like to get to Bishops Stortford by 18:00, if possible.
Train TR4283 arrives at Bishops Stortford by 6:07 and costs 10.10 pounds per ticket.  Would you like me to reserve a seat for you?
Yes please. Book that.
Sorry, that would be 16:07 for arrival time. Can you confirm how many are traveling? 
I am traveling by myself. I need the train ID also after you book.
I take that back, the TR4283 definitely arrives at 06:07, and departs at 05:29. The booking was successful. The total will be 10.1 GBP, payable at the station. Reference number:2P9BM67Z.
Great. Thank you!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I'm looking for a hotel called avalon.
Ok I have found the hotel. Would you like to book a room?
Great, yes please.  There will be 7 of us arriving on Wednesday.  We'd like to stay for 4 nights.
You reservation was booked.  The reference number is KB5QHVIU.  Do you need help with anything else?
I need some help finding an attraction. I have the name here.
Sure, what is the name you are looking for?
The place is called peoples portraits exhibition at Girton College.  Could I get the area, postcode, and address for this?
It is in the West. Girton College, Huntingdon Road. Postcode cb3ojg. Do you need anything else?
What can you tell me about this hotel, the bridge guest house?
It is a located in the south area of town.  It's a 3 star guesthouse with free internet and parking located at 151 Hills Road. 
Sounds good I want to make a booking for 2 people and 5 nights starting from friday.
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I'm looking for places to go in town. Can you search in the area of south?
We have several great options. The Byard Art museum is popular and has free admission. 
That sounds lovely. What's their phone number?
Oh they really are lovely. And the number is 	01223464646.
Thank you. I am also looking for an expensive Italian restaurant.
Sure, there are 5 expensive Italian restaurants for you to choose from. Is that a specific area you would like the restaurant to be in?
I'd like one near the museum in the south.
We only have one listing for an Italian restaurant in the south.  It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Does this interest you?
Yes.  I need a table for 8 at 11:00 on Tuesday.
I was able to book the table for eight on Tuesday 11:00.  The reference number is  R8O6B9DF.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you, can I also get a taxi between the two places? 
Absolutely! When would you like to arrive at or leave by?
I'd like to get to the restaurant by my reservation time.
I was able to book a black honda contact number is 07790378961
Thank you so much. You took care of everything. Thanks. Bye. 
Thank you for using our service. Have a great day! Goodbye. 
What's good to eat on the west side, in the moderate price range?
Do you have a food preference?
I would really like Indian today if you can find it for me.
The meghana is an indian restruarant with a moderate price range.  Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes, please book me a table for 4 people at 13:45 on Tuesday.
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
Thank you, please do. 
Great, I got that booked for you.  Is there anything else I can assist with today? 
I still need the reference number...
I am sorry that I told you it was booked. Something is wrong with our system.  Here is the phone number so you can call them directly, 01223727410.
If you can not book it on that day, could you try to get me in o Wednesday?
I was able to Book Tuesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : OI555UW4.
I need an expensive hotel also. 
We have five options, any preference on area or amenities?
The hotel should have a star of 1 and should include free parking.
I'm sorry, but there are no 1-star expensive places to stay.
What about a 4 star one then.
We have two hotels with 4 star ratings. Would you like it in the west or centre? 
I would prefer the west. Are there any hotels in the west area?
Yes we have the huntingdon marriott hotel in the west. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, I just need hotel information at this time. Thanks for the restaurant booking. Have a good day. Goodbye.
Have a great trip. If there is anything else I can help with just call us back.
I am looking for a 4 star hotel that has free parking.
The cambridge belfry matches those requirements.
Does it have free internet?
Yes, free internet is included at The Cambridge Belfry.
Great, I'd like to book at room at The Cambridge Belfry.
I can book your room now. Thank you so much
Howdy, I'm looking for a place to stay. I don't care about internet.
 There are 33 hotels in Cambridge.  What price range would you like, and what area?
I would like a cheap hotel in the north please.
How about the worth house? It is a 4 star guesthouse and has free internet and free parking.
yes I like that one with the free wifi.
Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes and make it for Friday for 2 days, and 2 people.
I booked you at city centre north b and b. Your reference number is Y87Q565O. Do you need anything else?
Thank you so much for your help.
You are so welcome. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Can you help me find a train headed to Cambridge on Sunday?
I sure can.  Where will you be boarding?
I'm departing from London Liverpool Street, and my train needs to leave after 12:30. 
I have a few options, do you have an arrival time in mind?
I would like to leave london liverpool street after 12:30.
I would recommend train TR6578
That's great can you book it for 8 people?
Absolutely your reference number is Z6QD1AXD
Awesome. I also need a Hungarian restaurant in the centre, please. 
I don't have any Hungarian restaurants in the centre. Would you like to try another type of cuisine?
Sure. What about modern European?
Would you like a specific price range?
No, I'm not really particular about the price. Any modern european restaurant would be great.
I would recommend Riverside Brasserie.  It's a moderately priced modern european restaurant located in the centre.  Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes please, same group of eight, Sunday, 16:45.
Your table is reserved for 15 minutes. The reference number is UQM6L628. Can I help you with anything else today/
No thanks. That will be everything. Goodbye.
Alright. Have a nice trip!
I have the name of an attraction that I need directions to.
Okay, what is it called?
Milton Country Park is the name.
Milton Country Park is located in the North of the city. I do not have directions, but their phone number is 01223420060
Great, can you help me find a place to eat that serves expensive Indian food?
I found several restaurants for you.  Do you prefer a certain area?  
Yes, Can your search in the east please?
Yes, there are two options in the East.  Pipasha Restaurant and Sitar Tandoori.  Does either of those sound appealing? 
Yes can I get the address, postcode, and phone number for Sitar Tandoori?
it is in 43 High Street Cherry Hinton Cherry Hinton,cb19hx and phone number is 01223249955
The last thing I need is a taxi to pick me up at the Milton County Park and take me to the restaurant.
May I have the time you would like to leave Milton Country Park and arrive at Sitar Tandoori so I can get this booked for you?
I'd like to leave the park at 14:45 please. Can you tell me the car type and contact number too
I've booked you a yellow ford with the following contact number 07007541693.
Thank you. You have been a great help.
You are so very welcome! Goodbye, and have a great trip!
could you give me information about kings hedges learner pool.
Sure, it is a swimming pool located in the north. Want more information?
Yes, please. I need the postcode.
Sure, the postcode is CB42XH. 
Thanks. Can you tell me a little bit about a restaurant called the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway?
The good luck chinese food takeaway is an expensive chinese restaurant located in the south area.  I could make reservations if you would like?
Yes, please. I'd like a reservation for 2 at 18:00 on Friday.
Okay, the booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is : JBWY3KBQ. 
thanks! that's all i need
Thanks for using our service!
Please find me a train that leaves on Monday after 08:45
Where are you going or coming from?
I will be leaving Cambridge and heading to Ely. 
Is there a certain time you need to arrive by?
I just need to leave after 08:45
The TR8399 leaves from Cambridge on  Monday at 09:50. Shall I book that for you?
yes, for 2 people. Please give me the reference number.
You have 2 seats reserved, and you'll pay 8.8 GBP at the station. Your reference number is 90RLYZKX. Can I help you with anything else?
I am  looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the centre and should be in the moderate price range.
There are 21 restaurants in the centre. Do you have a certain type of food you'd prefer? 
I don't have a food preference. 
Would you like British food?
Sure, that works for me. I need the phone number, postcode, and address for the restaurant.
Cotto is a great british restaurant located on 183 East Road City Centre. Their postcode is cb11bg and phone number is 01223302010. Is there anything else you need?
Oh that's great. That would be all, thank you. 
Thank you for using our service today. 
I am looking for a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves British food.
I am sorry there are no restaurants that meet those requirements. Would you like to try another type of food?
What British restaurants are available in the centre to choose from? I'd like to book a table at 17:15 for one on Saturday. 
 I can book a table for you at the oak bistro. They are moderately priced and you won't be disappointed
Sounds great - can you book a table there?
Absolutely! For how many people and what day/time?
Just myself.  I'd like to eat at 17:15 on Saturday.
The British places are all booked up then. Another time or place?
How about 16:15 instead?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 8SS1T80V.
Can you get me information on a restaurant called golden house?
Golden House is a cheap Chinese restaurant in the center of town. Their address is 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, cb21eg. Their phone number is 01842753771.
I'd like to book a table for 3 at 20:00 on Monday. I'll need a reference number, please. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 4EYTD9X9. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I do. I would like to find some interesting places to go while we are in town. Perhaps, some sort of entertainment. Any suggestions?
There are no entertainment attractions in the centre. Can I try another type of attraction?
How about a college?
I have about 13 colleges in the centre of town. If I may, might I suggest Pembroke College. They have a quite unique campus. There is also free admission.
Great. What's the address for pembroke?
It's located on Trumpington Street, postcode CB2 1RF.  Would you like their phone number?
Give me the entrance fee instead please.
Pembroke College has a no entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be it. You've been very helpful!
Have a great day!
I am looking for information in Cambridge.
Are you looking for a place to stay, to eat, or a attraction to visit?
I would like to go to a museum the area doesn't matter. 
We have many museums in Cambridge. Would you prefer one with a free entrance fee?
Which is your favorite, and what area is it in?
I like byard art. It's located in the south.
Sounds good. I am also looking for a train for tuesday.
I'd be happy to help you with that.  Can you tell me where you're leaving from and your preferred travel times?
I'll be going to cambridge from stansted airport. I'd like to arrive by 09:30.
The first train leaves at 5:24.
Ok, that will work out.  Can I have the train ID # please?  Thanks so much
The train ID is TR9892.
I think that should be it for today. Thank you so much for all of your help, you've been very kind! 
Your welcome, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Yes, I'm looking for a restaurant that serves American food and is in the center of town.
The Gourmet Burger Kitchen is located on Regent Street in City Centre.
That sounds good.  Can you provide me with their contact info?
Their phone number is 01223312598. Do you need more information?
What is the price range?
It is expensive, but very good.
I also need a hotel called lovell Lodege
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me find a hotel?
Certainly. Is there an area of town or a price range you prefer?
I would like a guesthouse in the cheap price range with a rating of 0. 
I have two options available for you. Do you care about parking?
No, parking is not an issue.  What do you think is the best option?
City centre north b and b is a good choice and close to a lot of attractions.  Shall I book for you?
I need a place to stay with a star rating of 0. 
Okay we have three options in that category. Would you like to stay in the north or the centre of Cambridge?
That doesn't matter as long as the hotel is expensive.
I have none in that price range,can I check in another realistic price range?
How about something cheap?
I ave 2 listings one for city centre north b and b and another for el shaddai.
Does the City Centre North B and B offer free wifi? If so, can you please book it for Saturday with 8 guests, 2 nights. 
Booking was successful. Reference number is  WDVI9XCT. Can I help with anything else?
That is all I needed. Thank you
Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day. 
Oh, we need a train departing from norwich going to cambridge. Can you give me some departure times and how long is the travel?
Trains leave every hour and the travel time is 79 minutes.  Can I book a certain day and time for you? 
I would like a train leaving after 18:15 on the same day as my hotel booking.
I have train TR8600 leaving at 18:16 and arriving at 19:35.
Thank you. Can you book it for me?
How many seats will you need?
I won't need a ticket. Can I just have the price, please?
The price is 14.08 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
no thanks. i'm done. have a nice day. bye. 
Thank you for using the Cambridge Town Info service! Enjoy your time in Cambridge
Where is the train that leaves Stansted Airport that arrives at 13:15?
Are you looking for the platform the train departs from?
No, sorry. I would like to book a train from Stansted Airport to Cambridge, please.
I have one on Monday that arrives at 12:52 
No. It should leave Stansted Airport on Sunday and arrive in Cambridge at 13:15. 
The latest arrival I have is 12:15. Will that work?
If there are no trains departing from Stansted at 13:15, then 12:15 will have to do. How long will it take me to get to Cambridge?
It will take 28 minutes. Do you need to make a booking:?
I would like to take in some entertainment while I am visiting. Can you find me something?
There is plenty of entertainment available.   Is there a certain area you are interested in?
It doesn't matter. Pick a good one and please give me the area and fee.
I recommend the Funky Fun House located in the east. Is this acceptable?
That sounds fun!  How much is the entrance fee?
The entrance fee is no currently listed, but here is the phone number if you want to call and check on that 0123304705
Thanks.  That was all I needed to know.  Goodbye.
You are welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you today. Goodbye
Find me a place to dine on some cheap foods from the americas please.
I am sorry but I am not finding any results for the Americas. Is there another food type you would be interested in?
How about spanish food?
It seems there are no cheap Spanish restaurants either. Can I help you with anything else today?
you can help me to book a table for 8 people at 16:45 on friday. Make sure you get the reference number with moderate price range
Your booking is successful, reference number is WLB1869A
Great, thanks! Can you also help me find a train to get me to Cambridge from Leicester?
which day will you want to travel?
I would like Friday
I have a few options on Friday with departures starting at 5:09 and recurring every hour. What time would you like to depart?
Can you pick one and get me 8 tickets please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 302.39 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : I0W8XGUW.
Thanks, that's all I needed today! 
enjoy your stay in cambridge
Can you find me a 3 star hotel with free wi-fi?
The lensfield hotel is expensive and has a 3 star rating.
Is there a guesthouse available?
I have 3 guesthouses all in the moderate price range. Is there a particular area you wish to stay in?
Yes, in west Cambridge. 
I cannot find anything in cambridge.
Are there any hotels in the same price range?
I found Hobsons House guesthouse in the west.  It is a 3 star moderate and has free internet.  Can I book it for you?
Yes please and I need the reference number
What day are you beginning your stay? How many days and how many people do you want to make a booking for?
I need it for 4 people for 4 nights starting Monday please.
The Hobson in not open, but I have the Hamilton open, would you like me too book it, it fits the same criteria. 
yes, please and be sure to provide me the booking number, thank you.
Great. You're all booked and your reference number is UMRJOUWZ. Anything else I can do for you?
That will be all. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for using our service today, and have a wonderful stay in Cambridge!
i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is on Hills Rd, in Cambridge. Do you need anything else?
Could I have the phone number, postcode please.
The phone number is 01223245151. The post code is CB20QQ. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you for your help!
welcome. at your service next time
Have a nice day!
You as well and thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I need a train on wednesday .
I can find a train for you! What is your preferred point of departure and where would you be going?
I am going from Cambridge to Norwich.
There are 19 trains from Cambridge to Norwich on Wednesday. Is there a time you'd like to depart? 
I want to leave some time after 15:30.
I have a train leaving at 15:36. Would that work for you?
Yes.  Please book for 7 people.  Please confirm with reference number.  We are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves kosher food.
Your booking was successful and your reservation number is  R82TUJXN.
We are also looking for a place to eat in the north that serves kosher food. 
There are none in that area. Another type perhaps?
Bummer.  I could try Chinese.  Is there anything in the north?
I am sorry there is none even in the North
Are there any Chinese restaurants in the North area? 
I have found 3 chinese restaurants in the north, they are either expensive or moderate in price range. Do you have a preference?
I prefer an expensive one. 
Okay, there are two options. I recommend hakka. Do you want me to book a table for you?
Yes, please book for 7 people on wednesday at 11:45
Sure thing, booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 5MSHI9TK. May I assist with anything else? 
No, I think that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.
Thank you for allowing me to help you.
I'm  looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre.
I have 44 results for attractions in the town centre, could you be more specific on what type of attraction you would like to visit? 
Do you have any nightclubs? 
Yes, there is a place called the Ballare nightclub. Does that interest you or do you want me to find something else?
Can I get their phone number and address please.
You can find the ballare at heidelberg gardens, lion yard. The phone number is 01223364222.
Great.  I also need train schedule information going from Cambridge to Birmingham New Street. 
I would be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know what day you will be travelling?
I want to leave on Thursday and arrive by 20:00. 
Alright, when would you like to leave by?
It doesnt matter when I leave, as long as it arrives by 20:00. The booking should be for 8 people as well.
Great! I was able to get you 8 tickets for thursday. Your reference number is 8E1G3PPD. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that was everything I needed.  Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
You, as well. We can end the conversation now!
I'll take care of that right now. Bye!
I need a taxi to take me to rajmahal. 
Where will you be departing from?
I'm leaving from gallery at twelve a high street.
And when would you like to leave?
I would like to leave after 3:45.
I have you booked in a grey audi.
Thank you, can you give me the contact number please?
Contact number is 07270553802 
Thank you for your help. 
You're quite welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that's it. Thank you so much!
It was my pleasure. Have a nice day.
I feel like trying Chinese today, find me a cheap place that serves it please
We have four! 3 in centre and one south.  Which area are you going to be in?
I will be in the south. 
The lucky star is perfect for you. It's located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Do you need to book a table?
Actually, I will need a restaurant in the centre. Do you have any?
Oh yes, we have three in the city centre. How about the Golden House? It's on Lensfield Road and meets your needs.
Which one do you suggest?
The Golden House fits your needs. Would you like to book a table?
Yes 7 people for thursday at 12:15, and can I get the reference number?
I just booked that for you. Your reference number is 1G6KIGNS. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'll also need a train. I'm heading to Peterborough on Friday. 
I have many departures that leave for peterborough on Friday.What time would you like to leave?
I'll be departing Cambridge and would like to arrive in Peterborough by 19:15. Can you find a train that would get me there close to that time?
The last train of the day will work for you. It departs at 18:06, and arrives at 18:56. Would you like to book it?
I don't need to book right now. You've told me the departure time. I just need the travel time and the ticket price.
Okay! It's a 50-minute train ride, and it costs 16.50 Pounds. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today.  Thanks so much.  Bye.
You're welcome! Bye now!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town.
There is the Golden Wok for Chinese food and the Nirala for Indian food.
Can I get the address and phone number?
For which location would you like that address and phone number?
For both please
golden wok is located at 191 histon road chesterton and its phone number is 01223 350688. The nirala is located at 7 milton road chesterton and its phone number is 01223360966. Is there anything else I can help you with?  
Thank you and goodbye. 
You're welcome. Thanks and goodbye.
I am looking for a place to dine in the centre with an expensive price range. 
There are a total of 33 expensive restaurants in the centre of town. Is there a particular type of food you are wanting?
I am not particular. Can you choose one you think would be good for me and let me know the food type?
Shiraz Restaurant serves Mediterranean cuisine.  Would that work for you?
yes also i need a train that departs from birmingham new street and should leave after 21:00
Did you have a specific destination in mind?
Departing birmingham new street on tuesday anytime after 21:00 and I will be going to cambridge.
I would recommend the train leaving at 21:40 and arriving to Cambridge by 24:23.  
That sounds great, could you tell me the travel time for that first please?
Yes, it's 163 minutes. Would you like me to book you a ticket? Or perhaps reserve you a table at Shiraz Restaurant?
Thank you for being so helpful, but you've done all I needed today. Have a very nice day!
Have a great day.
Hi. I am looking for a place to stay.
I can narrow your results if you would like to be more specific. Otherwise Allenbell on Coldham Lane gets 4 stars.
I'm looking for a cheap 4 star hotel in the east that has free wifi.
OK, there are 3 to choose from.
Please recommend the best one, I need to book a stay for 7 people starting Thursday for 2 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : Q884IOVI.
Thanks! Are there any cheap Indian restaurants near the hotel?
I'm sorry, there is not an Indian restaurant in the east that is cheap. Would you prefer one that is moderately priced or expensive instead?
How about Indian restaurant with moderate price range and do not care about location
There are four that meet your criteria. Two in the east, one in the north, and one in the west. Which one would you like more information on?
I would prefer one that is located in the east.
Curry price is located in the east and moderately priced, would you like a reservation?
Yes, I will need to book it for the same day.
I need a time and for how many people please.
There will be 7 of us.
What time should I reserve it for? 
I would like the table at 16:45, please.
You are booked. the reference number is 6SOS8UJ4
Great.  I have all that I need.  Thank you very much!
Let me add that you were booked into the Autumn House. If that is all, have a wonderful stay in Cambridge. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a restaurant serving sri lanken food in the south.
Unfortunately, we do not have any restaurants in the city that offer sri lankan food. Is there a different type of cuisine you want to try?
How about a chinese restaurant?
I have 3 chinese restaurants in the south. The lucky star is a favorite of mine.
That sounds good, can I get the address, phone number and price range please?
The phone is 01223244277and the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton.  Would you like to book a table now?	
Could I get a price range for the restaurant first? Could I also get a short list of nearby attractions to the restaurant you recommend? 
I'm sorry, it's in the cheap price range. Nearby you have Cineworld Cinema, Nusha, Tenpin, Byard Art, The Place, The Junction, and two parks. Did you want to book that table?
I'd like to find a attraction in the same area of town as the restaurant.  Can I get the attraction type and entrance fee?
cineworld cinema is a cinema, and there is no information available on the entrance fee. The phone number is, 00872208000 if you'd like to call them to find out.
Ok I need to get a taxi
What is your departure and arrival sites?
I'm going from the  cinema to the restaurant.  I want to leave the cinema by 16:30.
For how many people?
It will only be me.
Booking completed! A white lexus will be picking you up. Their Contact number is 07650851838.  Can I help with anything else today? 
That's going to be it, thanks for your help.
Thank you for contacting us have a nice day. 
I need a train that leaves at 18:45 and goes to Cambridge.
Sure. Where are you departing from and what day would you like to travel?
I'm leaving from Broxburne on Friday.
There is a train leaving at 19:12.
Great, can I get 2 tickets on that train?
I have made those reservations. Your reference number is F2A9AC1K.  Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am looking for a place to go maybe a theatre.
Sure there are a few.  Would you like it to be in a specific area of town? 
It doesn't matter. You make a suggestion and provide the entrance fee, phone number, and area
ADC is in the centre, 01223300085. The entrance fee is not available at the time. Is there anything else?
Yes, what area is this located in?  I may give them a call today and ask about the entrance fee.
It is located in the centre. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo. Have a great day. 
I'm looking for a moderately priced place to eat that's in the centre of town.
What type of cuisine are you looking for? There are 21 restaurants in that area.
I don't have a preference.
Out of the 21 restaurant choices, one is the Yippee Noodle Bar which is moderately priced in the centre of town. Would you like to make a reservation?
That sounds great, what is the postcode? 
Their postcode is cb11lh and if you want a reservation just let me know the time, party size, and day and I'll make it for you.
Not now, thanks. Here's a weird one, though - are there any expensive 0-star hotels in the center of town?
I'm sorry, but there are no expensive 0-star hotels in the area.  Can I help you find something else?
Do you have a hotel in the moderate price range?
The Cityroomz Hotel is moderatly priced, and has free internet and parking. Would you like to make a reservation now? 
That sounds nice, yes please book a room for 3 guests staying for 5 nights starting on Sunday. 
I'm sorry, those particular dates are filled, if you'd like I could try to make the trip shorter or maybe change days?
How about just for the one night?
Alright, I was able to book your hotel room at the Cityroomz, for 3 people, for one night. Your reference number is E62IXZGB. Is there anything else I can do?
I will also need a taxi to go from the restaurant to the hotel, I want to leave the restaurant at 02:15
I have booked your taxi. It will be a blue volvo and the contact number is 07729446320.
Great. Thanks. That's all I need today.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful visit.
I'm looking for a place to go for entertainment in town.
Which specific area of town are you interested in ?
No I don't have an area preference. 
I have 5 entries. Would you like to try whale of a time in the west?
Can you tell me the entrance fee and phone number?
Unfortunately I don't have any information on their entrance fee, but the phone number is 01954781018.
I am also looking to eat Basque food in the moderate price range. 
There is no restaurant offering basque food in the moderate price range.
How about Indian food?
I have 4 restaurants that meet your criteria. Is there a certain area you are interested in?
Yes, I would like to find one in the west.
I have found the Meghna Restaurant which serves Indian food and is in the west.  Do you need more information?
Can you book that for me and give me the reference number? for saturday at 19:45, 2 people
Booking was successful, the reference number is PA99NW0H., any further questions?
Please get me a taxi from the attraction to my restaurant, arriving in time for my reservation. And give me car type and contact info
Done. A white tesla will pick you up. Contact: 07621171342
Thanks so much.  That will be all.  Have a great day! 
Great, I'm glad I could help! Bye!
Hi, I am looking for a train.  I need to depart from cambridge after 12:00.
I can look this up for you, I just need the date and where you will be going to.
I am going to birmingham new street on Tuesday.
TR1731 will leave at 12:01, would that work for you?
Yes can I get the travel time and price for that?
Yes the travel time is 163 minutes and the price is 75.10 pounds.
Thanks so much. I also wanted to know if you can give me some information on an attraction called Primavera. 
Primavera is a museum located in the center of town at 10 King S Parade and they do not charge an entrance fee. Anything else I can do for you?
Can I have their phone number, please?
Yes sure it is 01223357708.
Thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all, thank you!
Ok. Thank you. Goodbye
I need a train that arrives by 11:45 leaving from Ely. Can you help me?
What day will you be traveling? 
I'm leaving on Wednesday.
Train TR5348 leaves at 05:35 and arrives at 5:52. Is that suitable for you?
Does it go to Cambridge?
Yes it does.
That's great. Can you make a booking for me for 5 people? 
Booking for 5 people on TR5348 on wednesday at 05:35 going to cambridge was successful. I do not have reservation numbers at the moment. Cost is 4.40.
I also will need a hotel
Your train reference number is UOREY9NL. The total fee is 22 GBP. What area do you want to stay in? 
It doesn't matter, I'd like it to be a guesthouse in the moderate price range.
The A and B Guest House fits your request, would you like me to book it for you?
Do they have free wifi?
The guesthouse does have internet.
Thank you for all of your help.
You are quite welcome, do you need me to make a reservation for the guesthouse?
Yes, please. I'd like a room for 5 people on Wednesday for 3 nights.
Alright, your booking is complete. Reference number is TBFOOKPC. Anything else today?
That's all I needed tonight. Thanks for the help.
I hope you enjoy your trip. Have a great day.
I need to find a train going to Stevenage. Can you help me?
What day will you travel?
We will be leaving on Tuesday and would like to arrive by 16:00.
How about a train that leaves at 17:21?
Thast will work,I need you to book it for 2 people and a reference number please
I want to confirm you are leaving from Cambridge. If you want to arrive in stevenage by 16:00, I recommend TR0743, leaving at 13:21 and arriving at 14:10. 
Yes, can I have the reference number and also a place to stay with 3 stars and fee parking? 
The reference number is 4H7V2X8R.
I'm looking for an indonesian restaurant that's moderate in price.
There are no Indonesian restaurants in the moderate price range would you like me to search for something else? 
Are you sure? I thought there was one located in the centre of town.
Unfortunately I do not see any indonesian restaurants. Maybe you would like asain instead?
Asian oriental food sounds good.  What options do you have available?
I have a few, what price range do you prefer?
I'm not really worried about price.  Which do you suggest that is located in the centre?
Th Kymmoy is expensive but very nice.
I think I would like to be in the moderate price range please. 
The yippee noddle bar is in the moderate price range. Would you like to book a table? 
Actually, can you give me the phone number for Yippee Noodle Bar instead?
Absolutely. Their phone number is 01223518111. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
I am also looking for a train. The train should arrive by 16:15 and should leave on Friday.
I'm sure we can find your perfect train for you. What are your departure and arrival locations?
I want to go to norwich from cambridge.
The first train from Cambridge to Norwich leaves at 05:36, and there are trains every hour thereafter. The duration of the trip is 79 minutes.  Which departure time works best for you?
Can you suggest one?  I would like to arrive in Norwich about 4:15 PM.
I would recommend TR8314, which will get you there at 15:55.  Would you like me to book your ticket?
Yes, one ticket please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.6 GBP payable at the station .
When does the TR8314 leave?
It will leave at 14:36
Great! Thanks for all your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that is all. Thanks, goodbye.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I am looking for restaurants in the north part of town
Which price range are you looking in?
I'd like a cheap restaurant. What types of food are available with those parameters?
Italian and Indian food can be found for cheap in the north part of town.  Would you like more information?
Can you give me the name and phone number of a cheap Indian restaurant in the north?
Royal Spice is a cheap Indian restaurant in the north. It's phone number is 017-335-3355
How much is the average dish? 
I am sorry sir, this information is not available to us. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you goodbye.
Have a good evening. 
Hi, I'm looking for a theatre in town.
I have several theatres in town; most are in the center and there's one on the south side. Do you have a preference?
Not particularly. Which do you recommend? If you can provide an address, and info on entrance fees for your favorite, that would be great, thanks.
There is a nice theatre in the centre called Mumford Theatre at Anglia Ruskin Enterprise, East Road. There are no entrance fee's listed. Would you like the phone number?
That's all, I also need some info on the aylesbray lodge guest house.
What would you like to know?
I just need to book it for 5 people for 3 nights starting wednesday. 
Booking was unsuccessful. Can I book it for another day or for a shorter stay? 
How about trying the booking for 2 nights instead? 
The booking was successful. Your reference number is VEKFOWW6. May I help you with anything else today?
I also need a taxi that will get me from the hotel to the Mumford Theatre.  
Certainly.  When do you want to leave by?  Thanks.  
I want to leave the hotel by 23:45, please. I will need the contact number and car type as well.
Look for a red skoda at 23:45. Contact number is 07203451236
Thank you. That's all I needed today. 
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Enjoy your trip!
Where can I go in the east for multiple sports? 
the cherry hinton village centre is a place you can go for multiple sports. 
Great, can I have their phone number please?
Sure, the phone number is 01223576412. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I also need a tuscan restaurant in the east as well.
I do not have a Tuscan restaurant, but I do have an international one. Are you interested in hearing about The Missing Sock?
Is The Missing Sock in the East and is it in the moderate price range?
The Missing Sock is in the east and its price is cheap.  Would you like for me to book it?
Actually do you have anyone serving Indian food in the moderate price range?
You have your choice of the Curry Prince or the Rajmahal.
I would like the postcode for the Curry Prince please.
Of course, the postcode for the Curry Prince is cb58jj.
Thanks so much. That is all I needed. 
OK.  Have a nice day.  Good Bye.
I am looking for a restaurant in the south.
We have nine. Do you have a preference as to cuisine or price range?
I am looking for one that serves Portuguese food and is cheap.
I found one. It is called Nandos. Would you like for me to book it for you?
Yes please. We would like a table for 2 at 18:00 on Saturday.
I am sorry this restaurant is booked would you like to try a different place?
No thank you,I will call again.
Have a nice day.
i AM looking for a train. The train should depart from Bournemouth and should leave on Sunday.
Where is your destination for that day?
I'm sorry I misspoke earlier, I'm actually looking to leave from Broxbourne and would like to go to Cambridge.
There is train on Sunday at 08:32 that goes from broxbourne to cambridge
Can you recommend some fun entertainment in the centre?
I have many options available.  What type of attraction do you prefer?
I prefer something related to boats
I have two in the centre. Would you like to know anything else about them?
Can you tell me the address and entrance fee for one of them?
I would recommend the Cambridge Punter. Unfortunately, I don't have the entrance fee information. Their address is 251a Chesterton Road. I can provide you the phone number if you like.
Thanks so much. Can you also help me find a guesthouse that is moderately priced to stay at?
A and b guest house is available would you like to try that?
That sounds just fine, so long as it is rated 3 stars.
It is rated 4 stars, is that okay? 
Are there any 3 stars available?
There are four of such. Do you have an area preference?
i also want to book a taxi to leave the attraction by 08:00. get contact number and car type
Where will the taxi be taking you? And do you still need a hotel?
Yes. Surprise me with the hotel! As long as it's a 3 star guesthouse in the moderate price range. Book for 2 people and 2 nights starting from Saturday.
I have booked you a room at the Bridge Guest House, located at 151 hills road. Your reference number number is ZKR6W58Z.
Alright book a taxi for me as well. I'll need to get to the two places and I'm not familiar with the town. Thanks.
Sure thing. Your taxi is booked for a grey lexus. The contact number is 07466656386. Is there anything else I can help with?
Nah, that sounds good.
Well glad I could be of assistance. Have a nice day. 
You too.  Thanks again.
Thanks for your service, Goodbye
I need a train from broxbourne on Tuesday.
I can definitely take care of that for you. Where are you heading to? 
Travelling to Cambridge, I need to arrive by 14:45.
We have 9 such trips. Any preference on leaving?
No, but I need two tickets.
TR4537 has been booked for you. lt leaves at 07:32 and arrives at 08:32. The reference number is 8UMHY366.
Great. That's all I need. Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel in the north.
We have two options in North available for you, do you have any additional criteria to choose between those or would you like a reccomendation?
I do want it to be a 4-star place.
It looks like there aren't any 4 star hotels in the north.  Would you like me to check another area? 
No, I like the North.  Perhaps there is a guesthouse that is 4 stars?
There are several options for guesthouses in the north with 4 stars, would you prefer moderate or cheap price range?
I would prefer the cheap price range.
Would you like to book worth house?
What is the price of the Worth House?  
Sorry, I don't have that information. There phone number is 01223316074.
can you book a room for tuesday, 5 nights, 5 people. 
Sure, your booking for the Worth House for a 5 night stay has been confirmed. Your reference number is GWIK59YW. May I help with anything else? 
Can you help me find a restaurant as well?
I search for restaurants in the north, there are 9 options, any preferences?
The restaurant should be in the same area as the hotel and should be in the expensive price 
I have many in those categories. How about trying Saigon City?
Thank you. I just need their phone number and postcode.
The phone number for Saigon City is  	01223356555. The post code is cb41nl. Can I help you with anyone else?
I also need a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant. 
When would you like to leave?
I would like to leave the hotel by 8:30.
I booked you a yellow lexus and you can reach the driver at 07465015812. Would that be all today?
Thank you for the booking of the taxi.  That will be all foe now.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant that has Spanish food.
La tasca is the only matching restaurant. It is in the center of town.
I would like to book at La tasca please.  
Ok. When and for how many people?
I want to book a table for 2 people at 16:30 on wednesday.
I've booked your table for two for Wednesday at 16:30. Your Reference number is : NXLK0Z1U. Can I assist you with anything else today?
Yes, I'll need a train on the same day, departing from london kings cross.
I found 10 trains do you have a destination or time you would like to go?
Yes, I am travelling to cambridge and need to arrive there by 8:15.
If you want to leave very early, there is a 5:17 train arriving at 6:08. Your other option is the 7:17, arriving at 8:08.
Can I have the train ID and price of the 7:17 departure?
The train ID is 407. Adult tickets are $7.50 each way.
Hmm, that train ID and price don't look right to me. Could you double-check that?
I apologize for my error. The trainID is TR4543  and the price is 23.60. Would you like me to book that for you?
I just need the departure time confirmed and that's all, I shouldn't need it booked.
TR4543 leaves london kings cross at 07:17 arriving in cambridge 08:08. 
Perfect, thank you! That's all I need.
Thank you for using our system!
Yes, I'm looking for the hotel Limehouse.
limehouse is a moderate priced guesthouse in the north at 78-80 milton road. Would you like to make a reservation?
Please. I'll be checking in by myself on sunday, and staying for five nights.
It was successful. The booking number is WCRBSYUL. Is there anything else? 
Yes. What can you tell me about cherry hinton hall and grounds? I am interested in visiting it. Do I need to book a tour?
It is in the east area of town, and it does not tell me if there is an entrance fee. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, could you provide me with their phone number as well?
The telephone number is 01223446104.  Can I help you with anything else? 
That should be all, thank you.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
Okay, how can I help you?
im looking for an expensive restaurant that serves italian food
We have several great options, most of which are in the center of town. My favorite is Caffe Uno.
Sounds great.  I need a reservation for 1 on Wednesday at 15:30
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : AYQO5ZTE. Can I help you with anything else?
I will also need a train
what area please and how many tickets
wednesday and I want to get there by 08:00 leaving broxbourne, how much is that?
The trip will cost 17.90 pounds. 
Yes I need it to go to cambridge, is that possible?
We have 2 trains that match your criteria - the TR0788 that leaves at 05:32 and the TR0605 that leaves at 06:32. Which one should I book for you?
No, I don't need it booked. What's the price for the TR0788?
The price is 17.90 pounds.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No that is it, thank you!
Do you need a taxi?
Have a great day. Good bye.
Yes, I am happy I could assist. 
I'm looking for a train that arrives by 15:15 on saturday.
Where would you like to depart from and where do you want to arrive at?
I need it to depart from Broxbourne and arrive in Cambridge.
The TR7846 leaves at 09:32 and arrives at 10:32.  Would that work?
Can I get one closer to my arrival time?
Train TR0279 arrives at 14:32 which is the closest one. 
That's perfect. Please book it for 4 tickets. 
I was able to book you, your reference number is CEP20AFO., total cost 57.28 payable at the station.. Any other questions?
Yes please. I've heard that Emmanuel College is an interesting place. What can you tell me about it?
It is a college in the centre of town located at saint andrew's street, poscode cb23ap and their phone number is 01223334200.
Great!  I appreciate all the info.  Goodbye!
Good night, enjoy the rest of your evening. 
I would like to find an expensive restaurant in the centre of town please.
There are quite a few choices for you.  What kind of cuisine do you enjoy?
I don't care. Choose a restaurant you recommend!
How about bedouin, an african restaurant?
Sounds great. Could you book me a table for 8 on Wednesday at 15:30?
I sure can. I have a table for 8 booked for you at the bedouin, for 15:30. They will hold that for fifteen minutes.
May I have the booking reference number?
Certainly, the reference number is 922YORFC. 
Thank you very much for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you!
You are welcome.
I'm looking for information on a hotel called acorn guest house.
Acorn Guest House is a 4-star guesthouse in the North part of town, at 154 Chesterton Road. It is moderately-priced, and has internet and parking. Shall I book a room?
Yes, I would like it for 8 people on Monday. 
And how many nights would your party like to stay?
We will be staying for 5 nights.
I was able to succesfully book your room for 8 people and 5 nights. Your reference number is : GCBICIA1.
Thank you. I am also looking for a train from london kings cross to cambridge on Monday.
what time should the train leave
anytime after 19:45 going to cambridge and leaving london kings cross. I need tickets for 8 and the reference number
I have a 21:17 departure. Would you like a booking?
Yes, please. 
Booked! Your reference number is OXVTBQHH.
That's all I need, thank you so much! Have a nice day!
Enjoy your stay. 
I'd like to find a swimmingpool on the east side, if possible.
I have one listing for abbey pool and astroturf pitch. 
What is the entrance fee?
I'm sorry; I don't have that information. If you'd like to contact them, their phone number is 01223902088.
Thanks! I also need a train to Cambridge on Wednesday.
Sure thing where will you be departing from?
I am leaving ely after 20:15.
There is a train that leaves at 13:17.
Can you provide more information for that train?
Yes, that's train TR0922, it'll be leaving london kings cross at 13:17 and arrived by 14:08.  It costs 23.60 pounds and takes 51 minutes.
I'd like to book a seat on that train. Please provide confirmation.
Your reference number is AY662NLW.
That's all i need for today. Thanks very much for your help.
You're welcome, let me know if I can assist with anything else.
I'm looking for some information on a restaurant called the varsity restaurant.
I can look that up for you! The Varsity Restaurant is located in Centre and is a moderate priced place.  Do you need more information?
Nope, that is all the information I needed! 
Please don't hesitate to let us know if we can be of any other assistance?
Yes I need a place to stay that includes free parking and is located on the east side of town.
There are 6 that meet your requests, do you have a price range?
Yes, are there any 4-star places that are cheap?
How about the Autumn house?
Great, can you book it for just me for 3 nights?  I'll need it from Thursday.
Yes I will book it for you 
I am looking for entertainment places to go in town.
There a 5 entertainment spots in town. Is there a particular area you are looking to visit?
I'd like to visit the south side of town.
There are two places - Nusha and Tenpin.
Let's go with Nusha. What is the entrance fee, please?
I am not sure of the entrance fee.
What is the Tenpin's entrance fee? 
I'm sorry, but neither venue provides their entrance fee to us. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train. It should leave after 19:15, and should go to birmingham new street.
On which day and from where will you be departing?
Friday. I'll take the first train after 19:15, please provide the train ID.
That would be the TR7769 which departs at 20:01 and arrives at 22:44. It costs 75.10 pounds. Did you want me to book it for you today or no?
No, no need to book it for me. Thank you, that was all I needed.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am looking for a restaurant in West Cambridge, in the cheaper price range please.
There is la margherita, an italian restaurant and thanh binh, a vietnamese restaurant. 
Yes, I am interested in the one that serves Italian food.
How many people will be dining, and for what date and time?
There will be 4 people and I would like to reserve it for Wednesday at 6:15.
I wasn't able to make that reservation. Would you like to try a different time?
How about 17:15?
That booking was successful. Your reference number is XF1JEIBG.
Great.  Can you also tell me about Churchill College?  I am thinking of visiting that.
Churchill college is on the west side on Storey's way. There is no entrance fee. The phone number is 01223336233. Anything else I can tell you?
I think that was it. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I need to get in touch with the police, I have just been the victim of a robbery.
I am so sorry to hear that. I hope you are all right. You can call them at the number 01223358966.
Can I get the address and post code?
The address is Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG. Call back if you need further help.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye. 
welcome. at your service next time
I'm looking for da vinci pizzeria.
Sure thing! They are a great italian restaurant that is located in the north. Their prices are rather cheap. Would you like more information on them?
Could you just book a table for me? I would like it to be on Monday at 17:30 for 3 people please. 
It's reserved for you and your reference number is LNK5JA4Y. Anything else I can do for you?
I am also looking for a place to go in the centre I would like to see architecture. 
There are 4 churches and 1 old schools known for their architecture. All are free except for great saint mary's church which charges 2 pounds. Would you like more information?
Thank you, you have answered all my questions, have a nice day.
It has been a pleasure. Thanks for using our service. Good day sir. 
You're welcome. You have a great day as well.
be free to use our services anytime
I have a restaurant in mind that I'm trying to eat at tonight.
Great, can you give me the name?
Yes it's called Rice House. I would like to make a reservation there for 7 people at 16:30 on Saturday.
I can make that reservation for you.
Ok. Can I have the reference number for that reservation?
Great. Your booking was successful and your reference number is ZIF2SFKO.
I would also like to find a place to stay with free wifi and parking.
Can you tell me how much you'd like to pay?  I have hotels in the centre of town that are expensive and cheap.  
Expensive price range, please.
I have two matching that criteria. Do you want me to choose?
Yes, please. Book that one, saturday, 4 nights, 7 people.
Okay, your room reservation is for Gonville Hotel located at Gonville Place. Your reference number is ROQAGG58. Anything else you need help with today? 
No, that will be all. Thank you. 
Thanks for using our service today!
Do you have information on Taj Tandoori?
This is an a restaurant that serves India food located in the southern area. You can call them on 01223412299. Their address is 64 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
Cool, can you book a table for 5 people at 14:00 on Sunday?
I'm sorry, but there are no spaces for that time slot. Would you like to try another?
How about 13:00?  If this is available please provide the reference number.
Certainly. You're booked at 13:00 with reference number G4NWNDB5. May I help with anything else?
Yes, I also need a train to London Liverpool Street after 15:15.
What day were you looking to travel?
I'd like to travel on Monday, please, departing from Cambridge by the way.
I have a Tr3602, leaving at 15:59 and arriving at 17:27. Would you like me to book a seat?
Yes, could you book it for 5 people and provide the reference number.
Okay, i have booked a train for 5 people leaving at 15:59. Your reference number is RS2532561.
Thank you so  much, that is everything that I need.  
Great. Have a nice time, and thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge, I would like to visit multiple sports in the east area.  
the cherry hinton village centre is in the east area would you like the phone number?
No, but I'd like the address and postcode if you have it.
The address is on Colville Road, Cherry Hinton and the postcode is cb19ej. Is there anything else I can assist you with? 
Thanks. I also need information on a train. I need one that leaves Bishops stortford after 13:30.
There are several trains available after that time, what is your preferred time and day for booking?
The train needs to leave on sunday and depart after 13:30. 
Okay, I've got TR4651 which leaves Sunday at 15:29 and arrives	16:07, will that work for you?
Yes that works, can I also get the price?
Certainly.  The price is  8.08 pounds. Would you like me to book this now?
Ok great, can you confirm that this train goes to cambridge please?
Yes, TR4651 does indeed go to Cambridge.
Thank you for the information. That's all I need right now. Good bye.
Of course. Thank you for choosing Help Desk. Have a nice day.
Are there any guesthouses in the east?
There are six guesthouses in the east. Do you have a preference on price?
It needs to be cheap. 
I have 3 options for you. All of them are 4 star rated and all offer free parking and free internet. Might I suggest the Leverton House. 
Can I have the address for Leverton House? 
that address is 732-734 newmarket road. would you like me to make you a reservation?
Do they have internet and free parking?
Yes they have internet and free parking.
That will work can you book that for me?
Sure, what day will you be arriving?
I'm sorry, I don't need a room right now. I just need their address.
The address for leverton house is 732-734 newmarket road in the east. The postcode is cb58rs and phone number is 01223292094.
I'm also looking for a train.  Arriving in Cambridge by 09:15.
On what day will you be travelling? And where will you be travelling from?
I need to leave on Saturday from Ely.
I have two trains available leaving at 05:35 and 07:35.  What time would you like to leave.
It doesn't matter.  Just pick one and book it for 7 people.
You re booked for the 5:35. Your booking number is D55LLNTR.
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Thank you for calling.
I need a cab. I'm at Arbury Lodge Guesthouse and want to go to Whale of a Time.
What time do you need to leave or arrive?
i would like to leave after 13:00
Ok, I just completed booking your taxi. It will be a grey honda and the number is 07839041101. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need. Thank you!
Ok, enjoy your stay in cambridge.
Thank you! I am sure I will have a fantastic time. You have a great day as well.
Thank you for using our system.
I need a train into cambridge leaving after 20:30, please.
I have 259 trains travelling to Cambridge, could you be more specific on where you're departing from and what day/time?
I'm leaving London Liverpool Street on Sunday after 20:30.
There are 2 trains one leaves at 21:39 and one at 23:39
There are none closer to a 20:30 departure?
The only other train for that route leaves at 21:39 and arrives in Cambridge by 23:07. That is train TR4890. Would that suit you better?
That works. What is the price on that? And how long is the ride?
Price is 13.28 pounds and the ride is 88 minutes. Shall I get you some tickets?
No, I'm not ready to book yet.  Thanks for your help.  I am all set.
You're very welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all.  Thank you.
You have a great day and thank you for using our services.
Find me a cheap indian place to dine at please. 
sure, i have 4 options for you
Okay can you tell me which one is in the centre?
There's three in the centre, Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge. Do you need more information on any of these?
Can I have a booking for The Gandhi? I'd like to book it on Sunday at 11:45. There will only be one person. 
Your table is reserved, reference #BXPQUZAN. Can I help you with anything else today?
No, nothing else. Thanks so much.
enjoy your stay in cambridge
I am looking for Italian food in the north part of town.
da vinci pizzeria is an italian restaurant located in the north part of town
May I have the address and phone number of da vinci pizzeria?
da vinci pizzeria is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223 351707. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Please enjoy your day.
Hello, I am looking for an expensive restaurant, located in the centre.
Are you looking for a particular type of food?
No, I am not. 
I have the kymmoy located at 52 mill road city centre. Would you like reservations?
Yes please can you make a reservation for 5 people at 20:00 on Sunday.
I have your reservation for 5 people on sunday at 20:00, your reference number is HJ2OIWKI.  Can I help with anything else?
train. The train should be on the same day as the restaurant booking and should go to cambridge
I'd be happy to help with your request, but first I'll need to know where you're leaving from and what day and time you'd like to leave.
I'll be departing from birmingham new street and need to arrive by 13:45.
I booked you for 1 ticket your reference number is FCGNZKOW. It will arrive by 12:23
Thank you for booking it.
Can I help with anything else today?
I actually need 5 tickets - all of us eating at the restaurant will be coming in on that train.
OKay, I will work on booking this. In the mean time do you know what kid of food you want?
I'm sorry, I forgot we already made your reservation for the restaurant. Let me work on that train for you. 
The booking of the restaurant is ready, and the reference number is : HJ2OIWKI.
Thank you! I appreciate all of your help today. Have a good afternoon.
Thank you for using our system!
I'm looking for a park in the centre of town.
Cambridge University Botanic Gardens is the park you are looking for then. It charges and entrance fee of 4 pounds .
Can I have the phone number?
The phone number is 01223336265.
I also need a train leaving on Sunday. 
Got a destination or departure site in mind?
I would be departing from cambridge and going to the airport.
What time would you like to leave or arrive?
I want to arrive by 10 AM.
I have several options would you like me to book something for you?
No, I would just like to know how much the tickets are and how long the trip lasts. 
Okay the price for a train ticket will be 8.08 pounds  for 28 minute ride. 
Great thank you. That's all I needed.
Wonderful! Have a great time!
I need a good place to eat dinner.  I Like Italian, what do you suggest?
Sure! There are plenty of options. Do you prefer a certain area or price range?
I do not have a preference in price.
I can suggest the pizza express in the centre. Would you like more information on that?
Please make a booking for a table of 2 at 16:15 on Thursday and provide the reference number. I also need to look for a train.
I booked you a table for 2 for Thursday at 16:15 at the Pizza Express. Your reference number is 6PXRDIHG. Now let me help you with the train
Great.  I will be leaving London Kings Cross and want to get to Cambridge by 11:45 the day I eat at the restaurant.
I have a 9:17 train that will get you into Cambridge by 10:08.
Okay, may I please have the travel time and price?
The travel time is 51 minutes and the per ticket price is 23.60GBP.
Thank you so much, I will book later.   Have a great day, you have been helpful.  
feel free to contact us again should you need more assistance. goodbye. 
I am planning a trip to Cambridge  looking for a train.
Where are you coming from for your visit?
I am leaving Bishops Stortford.
I have the system up but still need the date and time.
I would like to leave after 18:00
The TR9891 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes please for 1 person.
You have a seat reserved on TR9891, reference #6K7A74SN. Can I help you with anything else today?
Can you book me a table at nandos city centre for 21:00 and give me a ref number
I'd be happy to. Please confirm the day you would like the reservation.
Saturday please. 
You are now booked for Saturday at Nandos City Centre.  Your reference number is RMJ6DTL. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that will do it for today thank you.
Thank you for using our service!
Could you help me find an expensive restaurant in the centre?
There are 33 in that area. Please choose a food type. African, Asian, British, Chinese, European, French, Gastropub, Indian, Japanese, Korean, Mediterranean, North American, Modern European, Seafood, Thai, or Turkish. 
I want to try Seafood. Can you book for 4 people at 17:45 on Thursday?
I'm sorry, it doesn't look like Loch Fyne has tables at that time, and they're the only one that focuses on seafood. Would you like to try somewhere else?
Please try booking any different restaurant in the same area and price range as Loch Fyne.
Ok, I can book at Bedouin if you would like? They serve african food.
Yes,and book it for 4 people on Thursday at 7:45,thank you.
Ok I have booked a table for 4 at Bedouin on Thursday at 7:45.
Could you please give me the reference number?
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is BTY06386. May I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I needed.  Goodbye.
You are welcome.  Enjoy your dinner.  Bye.
I am planning my trip to Cambridge and looking for a place to dine that is in the centre and is in the expensive price range
Bedouin servers african food and is in the centre of town in the expensive pricerange. Would you like their phone number, or should I book a reservation? 
Please book a reservation for Wednesday at 20:00 for 5. 
I was unable to book that time slot for you. Is there a different day or time that you would be interested in going?
We could probably go earlier in the evening. How about 1900?
I was able to successfully book your table for five. The reference number is U0FONNNA. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for a particular attraction called Emmanuel College.
I was able to find it, it is located on saint andrew's street, phone number is 01223334200, and cb23ap is the postcode.
May I get the area its in, attraction type and an entrance fee if any?
It's a college located in the centre area. No entrance fee needed! Is there anything else I can help with?
Thank you for all of your help, that is all I need for today!
Thank you for using our service. Have a nice day.
Have a nice day also. Goodbye!
You as well. 
We want to try a restaurant in the centre of Cambridge.
What type of food do you prefer? 
I am really in the mood for some Hungarian food, something expensive since it is a special occasion.
I'm not finding Hungarian restaurants in the centre of Cambridge. Would you like to try another area or another type of cuisine?
 how about one that serves french food
No French restaurants either. Perhaps in a different area?
Let's keep looking in the centre area for now. Perhaps you can list some other available cuisines.
Actually, there is a French restaurant in the centre part of town. The Cote restaurant serves French food and is the expensive price range. Would you like to book a table?
No but I would like the phone number.
Sure, their phone number is 01223311053. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
Thanks, and yes, I am also looking for a train leaving Stansted airport and arriving in Cambridge by 9:15.
On what day and time could you like to travel?
I need to leave on Monday.
The TR7360 train arrives at Cambridge at 8:52 on Monday. Would you like to purchase tickets on this train?
Can you book that for two people and then give me the reference number?
All set. Your reference is TVLEP11V and 20.2 GBP is payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all. Thanks so much for your help.
you are welcome any time you need our help
Okay sounds great. Bye!
Have a great day! Good-bye.
I'm looking for a multiple sports attraction in the area of center.
We currently do not show any locations that fit that criteria.  Would like me to look in a different area?
No, How about a swimming pool in that area?
Parkside Pools is located at Gonville Place.  I do not have the entrance fee available, but the phone number is 01223446100 and the postcode is cb11ly
Thank you for the phone number. Thanks for the help!
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am also looking for a train leaving friday.
There are 404 trains that day, what destinations do you need?
I am looking to depart cambridge, head to ely, and arrive by 18:30
Alright, there are seven trains that meet that requirement, starting at 5:50 and running once an hour every hour until 17:50. Would you like me to book any of these trips?
Yes, please book for 1 person the train that departs at 17:50.
Booking was successful for TR9933, the total fee is 4.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : P4U5T2N6.
Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's everything I needed, thank you very much for your time!
Enjoy your trip! 
I would like to find a train leaving Cambridge after 6:30 PM. Can you help me?
I would be happy to help you today. What is your destination?
The destination is stansted airport, and I would like to leave on Sunday. 
I have a 06:40 that arrives Stansted at 17:08. Would you like me to book that for you.
I apologize. I may have confused you a bit. I would like to leave after 18:30. 
There is no train leaving at the time you require,unless you try a different day,would you like to try a different day?
Can you help me find a train out of Cambridge that leaves after 10:30?
I sure can!  The TR1502 leaves at 11:00. Would that work?
I am looking to travel Sunday going to Stevenage. Does that train travel on that day? 
That train does not travel on Sunday, but TR8464 leaves at 11:21 if that will work for you. Would you like me to book you a ticket?
Yes, that will work for me.  Can you please make a booking for 7 people?
Yes,I will book it for 7,is there anything else I can do for you ?
Well yeah, I would need the reference number if you booked it?
The total fee is 71.68 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : DSIQUE20
Thank you. I'm also looking for a hotel in the south area of town. It needs to be a hotel. Can you recommend any?
I recommend the Lensfield Hotel.  It is 3 stars.  Would you like to make a booking.
Just give me the postcode please and tell me if they offer parking
The hotel does offer parking and the postcode is cb21en.
Great. Thank you for all your help.
You're welcome.  Thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a great day! 
I'm looking for a train leaving on tuesday going to cambridge. 
Okay! From where are you departing?
bishops stortford and leave after 08:15 on Tuesday 
 what time is your arrival ?
I don't really care as long as I leave after 08:15.
There is a 09:29 that will arrive by 10:07.  How does that sound? 
Excellent. Please make a booking for six people, then give me the reference number.
Booked! the total fee is 60.59 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: PUGHYJ72.
now I need a place to stay
Alright, is there a certain area you would like to stay in?
I would love a guesthouse in the west please. 
There are two places available. Do you have a preference in price range?
Yes I would prefer a cheap place.
finches bed and breakfast should be a good place for you. do you want me to book?
Does it have at least 4 stars?
Yes, the hotel is rated 4 stars.
Thanks, no need to book for now, but can I get the postcode, phone number, and address?
its phone number is 01223276653, address is 144 thornton road,cb30nd. anything else?
No, that is all for today. Thanks.
It was a pleasure to help. Have a nice night. Bye. 
Can you help me reserve a taxi to charlie chan?
Sure thing, when you like to leave by?
I need to leave after 14:15.
And where should we have them pick you up?
I need to be picked up from 6742 North Ridgewood Court .
What time do you want to arrive by?
I don't care. 
Where are you departing from?
kings hedges learner pool is where i am leaving from.
I have a red honda with contact number 07992450678.
Thank you! I think that is all I need for today.
Great! Have a nice day! 
I'm looking for an attraction in the east.
There are several attractions available in the east. Is there a type of attraction you are looking for?
Hook me up with the spot you like best, just be sure to tell me what it is, where it is, and what it will cost me, yo.
I like the Cambridge artworks- it's a museum at 5 greens road and it has free admission.
That sounds, good, what is the postcode?
The postal code is cb13ef.  Would you like for me to get you tickets?
No that's all I needed with that. i also need a train leaving after 12:15 heading to kings lynn.
There are 77 trains, where will you be departing from and what time?
I need to depart from Cambridge and I need to leave after 12:15 to go to King's Lynn
Do you have a day in mind?
I would like to travel on Sunday. Can you tell me how much that will cost?
The first train after 12:15 on Sunday leaves at 13:11, and then there are trains every hour. Does the first one work or would you like a later one? 
I'll take the first train at 13:11. Can I pay you over the phone with my debit card? 
First I will need to know how many passengers will be traveling?
Just myself. What is the cost?
The cost is 7.84 pounds.
Thank you, that's all. 
Ok, get back in touch if you need a booking.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge
Do you need a train? Or would you like information on restaurants, attractions, or hotels?
I need a train for friday?
There are hundreds of trains I can book for you. Where are you going and what time do you need to be there? 
I'm going from Cambridge to Broxbourne, departing after 20:45 on Friday.
The first train after that time is TR8966. It leaves at 21:01 and arrives in Broxbourne at 22:01. Would that work or do you prefer a later train?
That is fine, can I also get the total travel time for that?
The travel time for that route is 60 minutes. Did you need any tickets?
no thanks, i'm also looking for an italian restaurant
Okay! What part of town would you like to dine in?
I don't care, should be in the cheap price range.
La Margherita is a great place located in the west. Would you like a reservation?
No reservation for now. But, can you please provide me with the address and postcode please?
Sure. It's located on 15 Magdalene Street City Centre and the postcode there is cb30af. Would you like the phone number as well?
Yes. please thank you.
The phone number for La Margherita is 01223315232. Can I assist you with something else?
That is all, thank for your help.
That's wonderful. Have a great day and let me know what I can do for you if you need me in the future.
Can you help me find a church in Cambridge? I think it's called Holy Trinity Church.
Holy trinity church is located in the centre of town, they have free admission.
Ok. Thanks.  That works. 
Your welcome, is there anything else I can help you with?
I am looking for a place to dine that is cheap and located in the city center.
Sure, I can help you with that.  Was there a type of cuisine you were looking for? 
Chinese food. Actually Cantonese food.
I have no Cantonese restaurants, but I can definitely help you with a Chinese restaurant.
I'm not interested in Chinese. What about Mediterranean?
Yes, we have The Gardenia. Would you like me to make a booking for you?
Yes. Please book me a table for 8  at 13:30 on Monday. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : EBC4APKQ.
Thank you that is all I needed today. 
Great, thanks for your business in Cambridge and i hope you enjoy your stay.
Have a nice day.
Enjoy your dinner.
I need to find a restaurant in the west part of town. It should be in the cheap price range.
I have a Vietnamese and an Italian restaurant matching your requirements. Would you be interested in either?
I'd prefer the Italian one. 
I have La Margherita that is a cheaper italian restaurant. It's located at 15 Magdalene Street City Centre. Did you need any help booking a table?
Can I get the postcode for it?
Absolutely! The postcode for La Margherita is cb30af. Would you like me to make a reservation for you? 
Yes, please. Thank you very much.
Great! What day and time would you like the reservation for? 
I do not want to just yet, thanks. 
Okay, we'll book that for you whenever you're ready. Thank you and goodbye!
I am looking for information and could use your help finding a train.
I'd be happy to help. Which day would you like to travel?
I need to leave stevenage on saturday.
I would be happy to help with your request, but first I will need to know what time you'd like to leave/arrive at.
I don't have a departure time preference but I would like to arrive by 15:45.
There are five trains to Cambridge on Saturday- the latest arrives at 14:43. Would you like me to book it for you?
What is the price for that one?
The cost for the train leaving Stevenage at 13:54, arriving Cambridge at 14:43 is 10.24 pounds, would you like me to book that for you today?
what's the train ID?
TR6607. Would you like me to book you on?
I also need a hotel. I don't care about parking but it does need free wifi. 
What area would you like to stay in?
the south . and  make it a guesthouse with free parking also. 
i have 3 guesthouses in the south. two are moderately priced and one is cheap. which do you choose?
Price is not an issue for me. Please recommend one of them for me.
Sure! I recommend Rosa's Bed and Breakfast. Would you like to book a room?
Yes please. I need a room for 8 and 2 nights starting from Saturday.
Booking was successful, the reference number is Y9ZD16I2, any further questions?
That is all I needed today. 
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip to our town. Goodbye.
 i Am looking for a train. The train should leave on Saturday and should depart from Cambridge.
Where are you traveling to?
I am going to kings lynn
Do you need to arrive or depart by a specific time?
it should arrive by 09:45.
TR4689 is your best bet. It will arrive at 8:58. Would you like me to book some tickets for you?
What time does it depart?
It departs at 8:11.
Thanks, that's all I needed today. Goodbye!
You're very welcome. Have a great day.
Are there any Indonesian restaurants in the centre?
There are no restaurants that meet that criteria. Would you like to try another area of the city?
No. I would like an expensive restaurant, though.
There are quite a few. I might recommend La Mimosa, it serves Mediterranean food. Does that sound good?
I'm not a fan of Mediterranean, is there a Sushi spot somewhere close?
I can't find any sushi places for you how about another?
Let's try expensive Italian food. I need a table for 6 on wednesday at 18:45, can you help me?
I made your reservation at Stazione Restaurant and Coffee Bar for Wednesday at 18:45 for 6 people. Have fun!
Thank you can I get the reference number for my reservation?
The booking was unsuccessful, do you have another preference? 
Yes can you find another restaurant in the same area and price range?
I was able to book don pasquale pizzeria reference number is G4T03ZZ7
Okay thank you very much.
You're welcome! Please let me know if you need anything else.
I am looking for a greek restaurant on the east side of town.
we dont have any by your choice. maybe if you can choose another location
tang chinese. Once you find the restaurant you want to book a table for 6 people at 16:45 on tuesday
 I am unable to locate this specific restaurant. Would you consider a different Chinese restaurant?
Are you sure? Could you please remove my eastern Greek preference and look by name for Tang Chinese?
our records don't have that specific restaurant. any other preference?
Are you sure? I really need to find a place called tang chinese.
Yes, I have found Tang Chinese.  It is located in the centre with an expensive price range, shall I book you a table?
Yes, for 6 on Tuesday at 16:45. 
Okay, the booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is LEZO9G3L.
I'm looking for a train from stansted airport to cambridge and should arrive by 09:30, the same day as the restaurant booking.
TR5077 leaves at 08:24 and arrives by 8:52.  Would that work for you?
yes. can i get the travel time please? 
The travel time is 28 minutes, do you need a booking?
Actually I just needed the trains information. Thatll be everything thanks for the help
Thank you for calling. I hope you enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I want a museum, please? Please include address, postcode, and area.
I suggest Byard art. The address, postcode, and area are 14 king's parade, cb21sj, and it is located in the south.
Great. Thanks for all your help. That's all I needed. Goodbye.
Happy to be of help, and I hope you enjoy the museum. Goodbye!
I am looking for a five star guesthouse to stay in. 
There are no 5 Star Guest Houses in the area. Do you have any other preferences? 
Are there any 5 star hotels in that area?
I am not finding any 5 star hotels. Would you like to try a different rating?
Okay, let's try a 4 star rating instead. Do you have any guesthouses listed with a 4 star rating?
yes, there are 18 guesthouses with 4 star ratings.
What is the price range and area?
They are located all across town, from all price ranges. Do you have any preferences?
I don't care about the location or price. 
In that case may I suggest the Acorn Guest House? It's located in the north and has a moderate price range with a four star rating.
Do they have internet?
Yes, they offer both parking and internet. Would you like to make a booking?
No thanks but I'm looking for something to do around town
Do you have any preferences on things to do or area?
I need an attraction in the type of concerthall.
The man on the moon is the only concerthall, but it is in the the centre, would you like more info on that or for me to run another sarch?
what is its entrance fee?
We don't have information on the entrance fee, but their number is 01223474144 if you would like to contact them.
Thank you for the information.
Can I look up anything else for you?
That is all I needed.
Ok! Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should serve asian oriental food and should be in the centre
Okay. What price range would you like?
It should be in the cheap price range.
The dojo noodle bar is at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre and meets your criteria. What time would you like to book?
I'd like to book a table for 1 at 12 on Tuesday.
OK, I will make you a reservation for 12:00 Tuesday for 1.  Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I'll need the reference number of my reservation.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 0C4KYZ3K.
Thanks, that's all I need. Good bye.
You're welcome! Have a great day and enjoy your meal!
Can you help me find a train going to Ely?
Sure, what day would you like to travel and is there a certain time you want to leave?
I want to leave on Monday after 17:00.
I was able to get you 1 ticket your confirmation number is B8TP1EAA, anything else?
What is the price for that ticket?
The ticket costs 4.40 pounds. Will that be all?
What is the travel time?
You depart at 17:50, arrive by 18:07, and the duration is 17 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes - are there any multiple sports attractions in the center of town?
the cherry hinton village centre offers multiple sports and is located at colville road, cherry hinton.
I need a taxi to pick me up at curry prince at 08:15.
Where is your destination and what time would you like to arrive by?
My destination is kettle's yard, and anytime after 8:15 would be fine. Please notify me of the car type and the contact number. Thank you.
Ok, I have booked you a grey Audi for an 8:15 pickup. The contact number is 07249275156.
That is all I needed, thank you. 
Okay, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great rest of your day.
I am planning your trip in Cambridge. I need a train,The train should depart from birmingham new street and should leave on sunday
I can help you with that.  Do you have a time preference?
Yes I need to arrive by 14:30.
I have train TR9644 arriving by 14:23,is that good for you?
Yes could you please book it for me and get me a reference number?
How many tickets do you need?
I need 1 ticket please. 
I have 1 ticket booked on TR9644. The cost is 60.08 GBP and your reference number is CFPQ0W33. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I'd like to find an expensive hotel in the city centre.
Sure! Would you like to stay at the Gonville Hotel (3 stars), or the University Arms Hotel (4 stars)? Both have parking and internet.
Lets go with university arms, please book me for 1 person, 4 nights on sunday.  
All set, the reference number is IFHSYRZN, any other questions today?
Which ever one you recommend. I'll need it booked for 1 person, Sunday, 3 nights please.
You're all set! Your reference number is IFHSYRZN
Thank you for all your help.
Have a nice day.
Find me a train out of Cambridge to london kings cross
There are 70 results. Is there a certain day or time you'd like to leave?
I need it on Friday and it should arrive at London Kings Cross by 21:45. 
TR1006 arrives at 19:51, would that work?
I guess that will work. Can you please make a booking for 3 people and when you are through may i also have the booking reference number.
Yes I have booked that for you and your reference number is E3M7QM9F.
i also need a place to dine.
Is there a particular cuisine or location that I can recommend for you?
Yes, British food in the West would be great! 
Saint johns chop house serves british food in the west.
What is the phone number and postcode to Saint Johns Chop House?
01223353110 is the number.
May I have the postcode as well ?
Here you go cb30ad
Great, thanks very much, that's all I need!
You're welcome. Have a nice day!
I am  looking for a restaurant. The restaurant should be in the west and should be in the expensive price range
Yes, I have nine possibilities fitting those parameters. Is there a specific type of food you're looking for?
I don't care, I  want to book a table for 5 people at 13:00 on saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 3AYRGABE.
Thanks for your help.
Great! Have a nice day!
Thank you for your help
You're welcome! Bye now! 
Hey, are there any good cinemas in Cambridge?
There are two cinemas, one in the south and one in the centre, which area do you prefer?
Either one is fine.  How about the south.  Can you give me the postcode and entrance fee for that one?
Sure! The cineworld cinema's phone number is 00872208000 and their post code is cb17dy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all I need, thank you.
Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find a train coming from cambridge leaving on thursday? 
There are 202 trains departing Cambridge on Thursday. Where do you plan to head to that day?
I will be going to Leichester.
Yes I have many options. What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I want to arrive by 21:30 if possible.
Train TR3255 is arriving at 21:06,is that okay for you?
That could work for me.
How many tickets please?
I don't need to make the reservation now. Thank you though. I would like the address for Cambridge Contemporary Art please. 
The address for that is 6 trinity street.
thank you, that will be all. good bye.
Thanks for using our service today, glad I was able to assist you. Hope you have a great day.
I'm looking for a train.  I need to leave from Cambridge on Tuesday and go to Leicester.
Do you have a time that you would like to leave by or arrive by? 
Yes, I need to arrive by 8:45.
TR2950 will arrive at 08:06, would that work for you?
Yes, can I get 6 tickets please and I'll need the reference number too
 the total fee is 226.8 GBP payable at the station and the reference number is : XYAOCTIY. May i help you with anything else.
I am also looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and is in the centre.
We have two choices, alexander bed and breakfast which is in the cheap prince range and university arms hotel whic is in this expensive price range.
I do need free wifi included, so whichever of those has wifi is the best! 
Actually, they both do offer free wifi and free parking. Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse and the University Arms hotel is a hotel type. Do you have preference?
I'd prefer a hotel. Can you book that for 6 people and 3 nights?
Which day would you like to check in?
Starting saturday, either place is fine if available.  
The booking did not go through, can you book another day or a shorter stay?
Yes, could you try for a stay of 1 night?
I was able to make a reservation for Saturday night at University Arms Hotel for 6 people. Your reference number is 7XXHIROP. Is there anything else you need today?
That is all I need.  Thank you for your help!  Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
Are there any entertainment attractions in town?
Yes! What part of town would you like to visit?
I need to find something in the center.
I'm mean, I can't find anything specifically under "entertainment" in the towns centre.  Would you like to try another area or a different type of attraction?
can you find me a museum?
We have quite a few. I quite like the primavera, which is free. Would you liek the information for it?
Sure, get me the address please 
Primavera's address is 10 king s parade. what else can I help with?
Okay, great. I'm also looking for a steakhouse restaurant in the same area. I'd like it to be cheap. 
no I am sorry no steakhouses, something else perhaps?
Are there any Portuguese restaurants in the area?
You're in luck there is one portuguese restaurant in the centre. The nandos city centre is a great place to eat. Would you like more information or book a table?
Yes please make reservations for 1 person at 13:00 on monday. 
Your booking was successful! The reference number is WVD19D0M. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. 
Thank you very much.  
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would also like a taxi from the museum to the restaurant, please.
At what time do you want to be picked up?
I do not know the time to be picked up, I just need to be at the restaurant by 13:00 please.
You're all set!  The car will be a yellow Volvo, contact # 07669038434.  Can I help you with anything else today?
That will be all I need. Thanks. 
You're very welcome! Have a wonderful trip!
I need to find a place to visit while in town. What attractions are in Centre?
There are a lot! We have some impressive architecture, historic colleges, theatres, and more. What sort of thing appeals to you?
I'd like to see a college, please.
There are 13 colleges in the centre. Gonville and Caius college is fascinating and it is free. Does this appeal to you?
Sounds good.  Can I get the address with the postcode for that one, please?
Yes, the college is located on trinity street, postcode cb21ta.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Is it free?  I also am looking for a Mediterranean restaurant in the same area.
Yes the college entrance is free. I also found 3 restaurants with mediterranean cuisine in the same area. two are in the centre. can you give a price range?
I'm looking for something cheap, I'm on a budget.
The Gardenia is a cheap Mediterranean restaurant. Would you like me to make reservations there for you?
No I will take care of that. Please provide the phone number, address, and postcode for the restaurant
You got it!  The Gardenia is located at 2 Rose Crescent City Centre, cb23ll.  The phone number is 01223356354.  What else can I do for you?
I also need to book a taxi from the College to the restaurant.
I can help you with that. What time do you want to leave the college and arrive at the gardenia?
I want to leave at least by 14:45 if that is okay.
That is fine, I've got you booked with a white Tesla.
Thanks. Can I get the taxi company's contact phone number please? 
Sure , their number is 07328080907. What else can I help you with today?
That's all I needed. Thank you.
No problem, enjoy the rest of your day.
Does Cambridge have any expensive Austalasian restaurants?
Unfortunately there are no restaurants fitting your request. Do you want me to look for a different food type for you?
I like British also.  Are there any British restaurants that are expensive?
There are 6 British restaurants that are expensive. What part of town would you prefer?
That doesn't matter. Which of the restaurants have an opening for a table for 1 person at 13:30 on wednesday?
 I was able to book you for 1 at Fitzbillies restaurant. Your reference number is LLT7M4SU.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need an expensive place to stay.
There are 5 options. They are all hotels with parking and internet included. Do you have a preference for area or star rating?
Can you please check the South area first?
There is one expensive hotel in the south. It is the lensfield hotel. Do you need a booking?
Yes, I want to stay there for 2 nights starting wednesday. It'll be just 1 person again. Please provide a reference number.
Reference number is : 1DN9IQ4D. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Yes, I need a taxi to take me from the hotel you just booked to Fitzbillies restaurant, arriving by 13:30. Please give me a car type and contact info
I have that taxi booked. It is a blue tesla and the contact number is 07422952995.
I appreciate all of your help.  I'm done for now.
You are welcome enjoy
Hello, are there any moderate catalan restaurants in town?
I am sorry my database is showing none in the area
How about Italian food, than?
I have found several. Do you have any preference towards price?
I would like something in the moderate price range.
Prezzo in the west offers moderately priced Italian food. Would you like me to book it for you?
That sounds good.  Can you book the table for 7 people on Tuesday at 16:15?  I also need a train departing from Cambridge that leaves after 11:30.
Your reservation with Prezzo was successful and your reference number is ILWV6LDN. They'll hold your table for 15 minutes. What is your destination for the train?
I'll be going to peterborough on wednesday. 
The first train to leave after 11:30 on Tuesday is the TR4344, which departs at 11:34 and arrives at 12:24. Would that one do?
Sounds perfect.  I need seven tickets please.
OK, I have your tickets booked, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station. Your reference number is: KYI5FPOG. Can I get you anything else?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Let us know if we can help you further. Good day. 
Please find a cheap place to eat that serves light bites food.
I am sorry I am not finding anything to match your criteria. Is there another food type you would be interested in?
What type of cheap restaurants do you have in the center?
There are 15 restaurants in the centre with a cheap price range, serving a variety of cuisines. Would Italian or Mediterranean cuisines be of interest?
Mediterranean sounds good.
The gardenia would suit you just right.  I would be happy to book a reservation for you if you would like?
Yes, please make me a reservation.
For what day would you like your reservation and what time? 
 book a table for 6 people at 19:15 on monday.
Your reservation has been booked. Your reference number is S7WWFYCU. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm interested in seeing some attractions with sports. Is there any place with multiple sports in the Centre?
no I am sorry
What about a nightclub instead?
I have five nightclubs. Would you like more info on one?
Yes.  Whichever you can recommend.  Please give me their postcode when you choose.  Thank you!
Then how about ballare? It's code is cb23na.
Could I get the postcode? 
Yes, the postcode is CB23NA. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No.  That's it.  Thank you.
You're welcome. We hope you have a great trip, and feel free to contact us if you need additional help. Have a great day!
Thanks, you, too!
Let us know id you need any more help. 
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the north area
I have moderate and expensive priced restaurants. City stop restaurant serves european and is on the expensive side. Or may I suggest saigon city, they have asian?
Do any of them specialize in chinese? 
Yes, both Hakka and The Hotpot serve Chinese.  Can I book either for you?
Lets try Hakka. It will be just myself at 16:45 on tuesday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : KWV7HGEB.
Great, thank you. Can you help me with train schedules too? I need to get to Cambridge from Bishops Stortford.
On what day will you be traveling?
I will be traveling on Tuesday and it should arrive in Cambridge by 12:45. 
There are 4 trains that will arrive before 12:45, do you have a preferred departure time?
No, any will be fine.  I only need a ticket for myself.
I was able to book the 11:29 train which arrives at 12:07. The cost is 10.1 GBP and your reference is AAX97X46. Anything else I can assist you with?
No thank you.  Appreciate your help.
It was my pleasure. Have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the Centre.
Are you looking for a restaurant in the expensive, moderate or cheap price range?
It doesn't matter. I'm particularly interested in Jamaican food.
Unfortunately there are no Jamaican restaurants in the Centre area. Is there another area or food type that you would like?
Then how about somewhere serving modern european food? 
we have four restaurant that serves modern european food in the centre area, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes please. Give me the address of the best one of them. 
The most expensive would be Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop at 40270 King Street City Centre. Will that be all today?
Thank you goodbye.
Thank you, and let us know if we can be of further assistance. 
I am looking for places to go in town. 
We have many options to choose from, is there a particular type of place you are interested in seeing?
Somewhere in the Centre, entertainment. 
There aren't any attractions of that type in the Centre unfortunately, do you have an alternative preference?
I could also go to a college instead.
What about Christ's college? it's free to get in.
Can you give me the address for Christ's college please?
Sure, it is located on Saint Andrew's Street, postcode cb23bu.  Admission is free.  Can I be of further help today?
Yes, I need a train coming from Ely on Friday.
There are 10 trains fitting your criteria. Do you a time preference on arrival or departure?
Yes, it will need to leave after 12:30. I'll just book it for one person to cambridge.
Train ID TR9236 leaves at 13:35 and arrives in Ely at 13:52.  Would you be interested in booking that option?
Yes. I need to book for one. 
Okay, your reference number is 1A7ZKZ7F. Is there anything else you need?
That is all. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
I need a 4-star hotel.
There are 21 four star hotels. Would you like to narrow it down by area or price range?
I would like to stay in the 4 star hotel in the south. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse. 
I don't have a hotel with 4 stars in the south. Would you like to change the area or star rating?
I guess I have no choice but to try something else. Can you see if there is a guesthouse in the south with 4 stars?
We have two guesthouses in the south, one moderately priced, the other cheap. Do you have a preference?
Thank you! I do not have a preference, but I do need for the place to have internet.
Aylesbray lodge guest house has internet and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like to book a room there?
Yes please. Can you also provide me with the postcode?
Sure! It is cb17sr
Could you assist me in finding a restaurant? We are going all out so would like an expensive one near the hotel.
I have a few pricey restaurants near your hotel. We have the Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway, and Frankie and Bennies, if you'd like British. Do either of those interest you?
Any expensive restaurant int he south will work, what ever you want to recommend. I need a booking for Tuesday, 5 people at 17:00.
Reference number is : 54F41GMV. The God Luck Chinese Food Takeaway. Is there anything else?
Thank you very much. I think that's all that I need right now.
Great, have a wonderfule day!
Hi there, I'm looking for a train that gets into Cambridge by 09:30
We have lots of trains that come in by then.  Where are you departing from?
I'm leaving from Kings Lynn.
What day would you like to travel?
Wednesday is the day I want, please.
I have a train that gets into Cambridge by 08:58.
That would work perfectly. Can you get me 5 tickets for that train?
Your booking was successful and the amount due at the station is 49 GBP. Your reference number is OGXNDTVX. Can I do anything else for you?
I need a place to dine that serves chinese food and is in the south.
There are three restaurants available. Did you have a price preference?
Not really. Can I just have the address, postcode, and phone for  your favorite?
the good luck chinese food takeaway is expensive. the phone number is 01223244149. the address and postcode are 82 Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton cb17ag. anything else?
That is all I need.
Ok great. Have a great day.
I am planning your trip in Cambridge. looking for a train
I feel more comfortable planning my own trip, but I can help you with yours.   Where will you be coming from and on what day?
I am from Broxbourne and coming into Cambridge. What trains would you have available on Monday?
We have nineteen trains available that day. Is there any time you would like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave after 21:15.  Can you book this for four people?  I need a reference number.  
Booking was successful, the total fee is 71.59 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UPJBMQ32.
Thanks, I also need a guest house.
We have many fine guesthouses in town. Is there a certain part of town or price range you would like?
I want it to be cheap, in the centre, and it must have internet
there are two results here. Do you have a preference for star rating?
No, I don't have a preference for star rating. Either would be fine.
Well 4 stars sounds better than 0 to me, how about the alexander bed and breakfast.  Would you like to book there?
as long as it has free wifi. I need a room for 2 nights for 4 people on the same day.
It does have internet. I booked your reservation, the reference number is RUNKLECC. Anything more I can help with?
that will be all for me today. Thank you, bye!
You are very welcome. Enjoy your stay!
I'm looking for a North African restaurant.
I'm sorry but it looks like I don't happen to see any restaurants that specialize in that type of cuisine? Can I help you with a different type?
How about something in the expensive price range instead?
Sure, there are 57 expensive restaurants in town. Is there an area of town you'd prefer?
I would prefer something near the centre please.
There are over 33 restaurants that meet your criteria. May I interest you in African cuisine since you originally asked for North African restaurant? 
No, I think I'd like an expensive French restaurant instead. 
Cote is an expensive French restaurant in the center of town. Would you like a table there, or possibly their address?
Yes please. Can you book it for Friday at 19:45? There will be 8 of us.
OK,  you have a table for 8 at Cote onFriday night. Your reference number is ZWI39RV9. Can I help you with anything else today?
No. That's everything. Thank you! Goodbye.
You are welcome.  Have a great day.
I'd like train information for cambridge.
I will need more information to narrow down the results. What day would you like to depart on, and what area is your departure from?
Departing fro Ely on Wednesday and arriving by 09:30.
There are two trains. One arriving at 5:52 and one at 7:52. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
Can I get the travel time and price on the 5:52 one?
TR5348 leaves Ely at 5:35 and arrives in Cambridge by 5:52. The price for a ticket is 4.40 pounds and the ride's duration is 17 minutes.
Ok, and I also want to find out about an attraction called Tenpin please.
Tenpin is an entertainment attraction in the south part of town their phone number is 08715501010, and address is cambridge leisure park, clifton way	
Thank you so much for the information
Great, thank you.
Can you help me find a place to dine in Cambridge?
Was there a particular area of town you wanted to dine in? Or a particular style of cuisine?
I would really like some Malaysian food tonight, moderate in price please.
I am not finding any Malaysian restaurants in the city. Would you like a different type of food?
Could you try one similar only Indian this time?
What area of town are you looking to dine in?
Area does not matter. 
Do you have a preference to price? I have many Indian restaurants of varying price all over the city.
I would like to stay in the moderate price range. 
There a 4 restaurants that would work. Two are in the east. One in the north. One in the west.  Would you like me to recommend one?
Yes can you please five me a recommendation. 
I recommend the curry prince then. Do you need anything else?
Can I get a table for 3 people at 11:00 on Wednesday?
Okay, I've got it for you!  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your number is : PD3GXPL6. 
I also need a place to stay that is cheap.
There are many hotels in your price range. What area would you like to stay in?
The area does not matter as long as it is in the type of guesthouse and should have a star of 3.
Unfortunately, I don't have anything that is cheap with 3 stars. Is there a different area or type of room you would like?
How about a 3 star guesthouse in the moderate price range?
I have the hobsons house it is in the west moderately priced with 3 stars. Would you like reservations?
Does the Hobsons House have internet?
Yes, it does. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, just please get me their postcode and phone number and I'll take it from there
their phone number is 01223304906 and postcode cb39lh	
That's all I need today. Thank you for your help.
Thank you for calling. Please let us know if there is anything else you need. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I want to visit a college in the centre of town.
You're in luck. We have 13. Do you have any preferences? For example, Downing College over on Regent Street offers free entry.
That would be great, can you please give me their phone number?
Their number is 01223334860. Anything else I can do for you?
No, that will be all. Thank you.
Thank you, enjoy the college, goodbye.
i'm  looking for places to go in town. 
Sure, I can help you with that.  Were you looking for a specific part of town? 
In the east, please. 
Is there a certain type of place you are looking for?
I would like a cheap place to stay at with 5 stars.
I'm sorry, but there are no 5-star accommodations in all of Cambridge.
Are there any 4 star places I can stay? I also need free internet. 
Which area would you like to be in?
I am not particular.
How about Alexander Bed and Breakfast, in the Centre part of town?
Yes, I want that from Sunday on for 4 nights. 3 people will be staying. 
Alright you are booked and good to go! Here is your reference number V84DYHI3. Is their anything else I can help you with?
Thank you that will be all I need today?
You're welcome, have a great day!
Hello! Can you please recommend a 3-star hotel?
There are 6 places to choose from. Is there a certain price range or area of town you want to be in?
In the west, please. It should be a hotel type, please.
We don't seem to have a guesthouse that has everything you want. There is a hotel that has the other things. Would you like that?
Can you tell me a little about that hotel please?
It is a guesthouse, not a hotel sorry. The pricerange is moderate. It has 3 stars, free wifi, and parking. Would you like to book it?
Can you book that for 1 person for 3 nights starting on monday. 
Reference number is : SEMSYF2T. Is there anything else?
I also need a train from Peterborough. 
What is your destination, and what day do you wish to travel?
I am looking to leave at 13:15 from peterborough.
Okay, I will still be needing your destination and day of travel
Oh, sorry need to go to Cambridge and will be traveling on Monday.
There are 22 matching entries. Do you want me to book a train for you?
No can you just tell me the arrival time of the first train that departs after 13:15?
The first arrival time is 14:09.
Okay that's great.  Thank you very much.
Would you like me to reserve that for you?
No thanks, I'm all set with everything.  Thank you for your help.
Glad to be of help. Have a great day.
Okay goodbye you can end the conversation
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
i am looking for places to go in town centre, should be of multiple sports 
I can't find any multiple sports attractions in town centre. Would you be interested in a different area?
How about museums, are there any of those in the area?
Yes there are 11 in the area and all have free admission. 
Any of those are fine with me. Could you provide me with the address and postcode for any one of them? 
Sure, castle galleries is a great place to visit. It's located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street. The postcode is cb23bj. Any other information I can get for you?
I am looking for a train or some form of public transportation to get to these museums. Does that exist?
I can help you find a train or a taxi, depending on where you are departing from.
From norwich to cambridge please.
The TR9900 leaves from Norwich to Cambridge on Friday at 05:16, would you like to book tickets?
I actually need to travel on Tuesday.  I will need to be in Cambridge by 21:45 by train.
The best train to get you there close to the time you want is TR4134 arriving at 10:35.  Shall I book seats for you?
Not just now, but can you tell me what that train's departure time is?
TR4134 departs at 9:16
That is all I needed.  Thank you for all of your help!
You're very welcome.  Please call back if we can be of further assistance.  Goodbye.
I'd like help with a taxi, please. I need to be picked up at museum of classical archaeology and should arrive by 9:00. Can you help?
Yes I can book that for you, first I'll need to know your destination. 
My destination will be ugly duckling
Booking is complete, a blue skoda will pick you up. 
Thank you. What is the contact number?
The contact number is 07499145428.  Can I be of further assistance?
That is all, thanks.
You're welcome, have a wonderful time!
I am looking for college attractions to go to in town.
How about Clare Hall on Herschel Road?
That sounds good. May I have their postcode and phone number?
The phone number and postcode is: 01223333200	cb21tl
Great! I'm also looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north area of town. Can you help me with that?
Yippee Noolde bar is moderately priced, would you like a reservation?
yes, please - table for 4 at 13:45 on tuesday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VHZUMK58.
thank you!
Do you need help with anything else?
That is all I need. Thank you for your help!
You're welcome. If anything comes up please return for help.
Hello I am looking for a restaurant called J restaurant
J restaurant is an asian oriental restaurant in the centre of town. It is cheap and located at 86 Regent Street City Centre.
That sounds great.  Can you reserve a table for 2 for Sunday at 13:15?
Absolutely, your reservation's been made. Your reference number is YAHBIZR5. Can I help you with something else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in the east that includes free wifi. 
There are several hotels of that nature. What is your price range?
I'm looking for something cheap with free parking.
Hotel allenbell is what I found that is cheap and has parking.
Could you get the postcode for Hotel Allenbell for me?
The postcode is cb13js.  Would you like to get a room reserved?
Yes, please reserve the room.
What day will you be checking in, and how many will you stay for?  I assume it is for 2 people?
Actually, on second thought. I should book it later. But, can you book me a taxi from Allenbell to J Restaurant. I need to be there by 13:15. 
Your taxi was booked! The car type will be blue ford and the contact number is 07646890093. 
Thanks, I think that's all I need. Could you just confirm whether the Allenbell is a Hotel or a Guest House?
Allenbell is a guesthouse.
Thank you. That will be everything today. Goodbye.
You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
I am looking for information about a hotel called the autumn house.
Ok.  The autumn house is a guesthouse in the east.  Would you like me to book a room?
Yes, please. I would like a room for 6 people for 2 nights. We'll arrive on Saturday.
You are booked! Reference number is : AS63WLAE.
Thank you so much!!
You are welcome.  Do you need anything further?
Thank you. That is all for now.
You are welcome. Please let us know if you need anything else.
I'm looking for a cuban restaurant.
I'm afraid I don't have any matches. Do you have any other food preferences? 
I need something expensive in Centre and it really needs to serve Cuban food.
Again, unfortunately, we don't have any Cuban restaurants listed. Is there another type of food you would like to try?
Is there a chinese restaurant in the same price range? 
I have several places. Would you like me to book it?
No, just pick your favorite and give me the address and postcode please.
There is no listings for Cuban food ,would you want something else
I was hoping for Cuban, but since there aren't any, do you have any expensive Chinese restaurants in the centre of town?
May I recommend Ugly Duckling? They're an expensive Chinese restaurant in the centre and they are quite popular.
Sure, could I get the postcode and the address please?
The Ugly Duckling is located at 12 St. Johns Street City Centre and their postcode is cb21tw. Can I assist you with anything further? 
Thank you. I also want a train for friday, from broxbourne to cambridge
There are 19 trains on Friday, do you have a specific time you want to travel?
I need to be in cambridge by 08:15.
There are 2 that arrive by 08:15. The closest to that arrival time is arriving at 07:32.
What is the travel time for that one?
That's TR5570. The travel time is 60 minutes.
And what is the price on that one?
17.90 pounds per ticket I do believe. Is there something else I can help you with today?
What time is the departure? I am sorry.
The departure is 06:32. Anything else?
I think that is all I need for today. Thank you for all your help.
You're very welcome. Enjoy your time here.
Hi I'm looking to find a guest house with free Wi-Fi, any suggestions?
I have 23 options available for guesthouses that offer WiFi. What area of town are you looking to stay in?
I am open to any area of town; however, I would like a 3 star hotel and would also like it to have a guesthouse.  
There are three choices, bridge guest house in the south, hamilton lodge in the north and hobsons house in the west, all are moderately priced.  any preference?
Can you suggest one please that meets all of my criteria?
All 3 meet your criteria, could we narrow them by a location preference?
I do not have a preference on location.
I'm partial to Hamilton Lodge on the north side of town on 156 Chesterton Rd.  Would you like me to reserve a room for you?
No thank you. I also need a place to go.
sure, what are you interested in?
i need some entertainment
What area would you like the entertainment in? The east, south, or west?
The area doesn't matter, can you suggest something to me?
funky fun house is located in the east, the phone number is 01223304705 and the entrance fee is unknown. Can I help with anything else today?
No. That will be all for today. Thanks and goodbye.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge next month and am so excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I do need help with a place to stay.
What area of town will you be staying in?
I need information for the warkworth house for my hotel. 
The Warkworth House is a guesthouse located on the east side of town in the moderate price range with a 4 star rating, free internet and parking. Anything else?
Yes, can you book that for me and send me a reference number please?
I can certainly help you book a room. I will just need to know how many guests, how many days you are staying, and what day you plan to arrive.
I need it for 4 people, we're staying 2 nights starting Thursday. 
You're all set! Your reference number is XM6Q1AUA.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a good museum to go to.
In what area?
It does not matter and please provide the entrance fee. 
I can suggest the Castle Galleries in the city centre. There is no entrance fee.
Okay. Can you help me book a taxi to get to there from my hotel?
Sure I can help you with that. What time do you want to leave or arrive by?
I want to leave the attraction by 16:15. Please send me the contact number and car type.  Thank you!
You're all set! The car will be a grey tesla and the contact number is 07137237413. 
Awesome! That is all I need for now, thank you!
Glad I was able to help you today. Goodbye.
I'm looking to try new restaurants in the Cambridge area, specifically a place called J restaurant. 
I have found the place you are looking for. It is located at 86 Regent Street City Centre, would you like me to book a reservation?
Could you tell me what type of food they serve and their postcode?
J Restaurant serves Asian Oriental food and their post code is CB21DP.
I am also looking to stay at a hotel called finches bed and breakfast.
I've found that. It's a cheap, 4-star guesthouse in the west. They offer free internet and parking. Would you like me to book this accommodation for you?
Yes, please book it for 8 people for 5 nights starting Monday.  Could you send me the reference number once it is booked?
I have made your reservation. Your reference number is 699VVZVV. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it! Thank you very much for all the help and information!
You're welcome. Thank you for using our service.
I am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge, postcode CB20QQ. Would you like their phone number?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.
You are most welcome!
I need to get out of the city on Friday, can you find me a train?
There are many options available to you on Friday.  Where would you be leaving from?
I would like to depart from cambridge.
Would train TR5767 work? It leavees at 05:00.
No, we are going to norwich and need to leave after 14:15.
TR2420 leaves at 15:00. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. I need 1 ticket. 
I have made that reservation for you on train TR2420 and your reference number is 2A3LMYL1.
I also need to find a restaurant in the west with a moderate price range.
I have three options with a moderate price range in the west.  Would you prefer British, Indian, or Italian?  
Do you have any options in the west with Greek food?
I'm sorry, we don't have any Greek restaurants anywhere in town. Is there anything else that would work?
how about one that serves british food?
Saint Johns Chop House serves British food and is located in the west. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes, please make a reservation for 6 people at 10:00.
What day will you be dining there?
I will be dining there on Friday. 
I have you booked on Friday at 10:00. The reference number is 5ALATF6D. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
That is all I will need, thank you. Bye. 
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  I hope you enjoy your train ride and dinner.
I am looking for a hotel called huntingdon marriott hotel.
It is located at kingfisher way, hinchinbrook business park, huntingdon	
Thank you. Can you book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting on Thursday?
Booking was successful.Reference number is : QBQ6UVZ5.what else can i do for you?
I'm also looking for a train departing Cambridge and arriving at 8:30. Can you help out? 
What day will you need the train and where are you traveling to and how many people will be traveling?
We would like to go to peterborough on Friday.
The TR9487 will reach Petersborough at 8:24 on Friday. Would you like to book that train?
Yes, please book it for 5 people.
Booked it, your ref. # is IOEJEYMY
Thank you for all your help. Have a great day.
Thank you! 
Hi, can you help me find an upscale restaurant in Cambridge that is centrally located?
Yes there are 33 in the area you are looking for. They are all pretty expensive and are closely located. 
Are any of those Ethiopian restaurants?
There is an upscale African restaurant called Bedouin. Would you like me to book it?
yes, could you make reservations for three please?
I would be glad to. I need to know the day and time you would like the reservation for, please.
Actually, book the table for 6 people on Tuesday at 13:30. I will need the reference number for this, please.
Your party of 6 has been booked successfully for 13:30 on Tuesday. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Your reference number is 7E4VIQAY
I also need a hotel in the same area and price range as the restaurant. 
There are two expensive hotels in the centre of town. The Gonville hotel is a 3 star, and the University Arms is a 4 star. Which would you like?
Does the Gonville hotel have free parking? 
Yes both options have free paring and internet. Would you like to book one of these?
Yes I would like to book the Gonville hotel for 3 nights for 6 people starting from Tuesday please. I will need a reference number.
I've booked your stay at the Gonville, your reference number is 44ARPHOW.  Can I assist you with anything else?
No thank you, have a great day.
Thank you for using our system.
I'm planning a trip and am looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me with that?
Okay, what is the price range and what area would you like to stay in?
I am looking for something in the cheap price range in the centre of town.
There is alexander bed and breakfast it's a 4 star guesthouse that's in your price range. Would you like more information or for me to book it for you? 
Can you please book it? I'd like to stay for five nights beginning on Saturday. It's just me.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : US44VVX2. 
Great thanks for all your assistance!
You're welcome! Have a great trip!
I'm also looking for information on an attraction called nusha.
Yes, Nusha is entertainment in the south. I do not know the entrance fee, but the phone # is 01223902158. 
What is the address?
they are at unit g6 cambridge leisure park, clifton road, anything else today?
Yes, I also need a taxi to go between the two.  I want to leave Nusha by 03:00.  Can you book and get me the contact and car type?
I have you in a Blue Lexus. Contact them at 07671538206. What else may I do for you?
Could you verify for me that the Alexander Bed and Breakfast has free wifi and free parking? If not, I'll need to change my reservation.
It does! Can I help you with anything else?
No that is all the information I need today. 
Glad I could help. Have a great trip. Good bye.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the centre and should be in the type of theatre.
I have 4 theatres in the centre area, adc theatre, cambridge arts theatre, mumford theatre, or the cambridge corn exchange.  I can provide further details on any of them.
May I please have the address and phone number of one that you recommend?
The mumford theatre is located at anglia ruskin enterprise, east road and their phone number is 08451962320. Do you need assistance with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay in a cheap price range. Do you have any suggestions?
Sure, there are a lot of options, do you have a particular area of town in mind?
I would like to stay in the North area, please.  I need free parking also.
how about worth house? it's lovely
Is it in the moderate price range
Worth house is in the cheap price range, and offers parking. 
Please book Worth House for 3 people, for 3 nights starting on Sunday.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : 9UQ64Z3M.is there any other thing i can help?
Nope, that's all I need.
Okay, great. Have a great day.
I need a one-star hotel, please. 
I'm sorry, there doesn't seem to be any 1 star hotels in the area.  Can I look for something different for you?
Are you sure? 
Yes, quite sure. Would you be willing to step up to a 3 star option? I have some good choices that I'm sure you will love.
Well, if there are no 1 stars, might as well try for 4 stars.  Cheap though.
There is the cambridge belfry in the west that is a cheap 4 star hotel. It has internet and parking. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you, I just needed the information for now.
Was there anything else I could assist you with today?
Yes.  I am looking for a fun place to visit while I'm in the west side of town. Is there an awesome attraction you could recommend?
sure! how about funky fun house?
What kind of attraction is it? 
Entertainment. But I made an error, it is in the east. 
Oh, okay.  I need something in the west.
Whale of a Time is an entertainment attraction in the West.
Thank, I just need their address, and then we can work on a taxi afterwards.
The address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill.  When would you want a cab for? 
Great. I need a taxi from the hotel to there by 20:30.
Let me find a taxi for you.
I'll need the car type and contact number.
I will get that for you.
Okay, so what is it?
You'll be riding in style in a black skoda. You can call them at 07191841492.
Thank you so much. 
Anything else today?
Not you took care of everything I need. Thanks.
Great.  Have a nice time in Cambridge.  Bye.
Can you please help me find a hospital in town?
The closest hospital would be Addenbrookes Hospital located on Hills Road in Cambridge. Their phone number is 01223245151. Did you need a phone number for a particular department?
No thank you, but can you also give me their postcode?
Sure thing.  Their postcode is CB20QQ.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is their address?
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge CB20QQ. May I help with anything else?
That's all I needed. Thank you!
Glad to help. Have a good day.
Thanks for all your help.
You're quite welcome! Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
Hi, can you help me find a place to stay? Something moderately priced with free wifi. 
I have 17 guesthouses and hotels that fit your criteria, do you have a preference for area? 
Not really, but I'm looking for something with 2 stars.
The ashley hotel and the lovell lodge are both in the north and are in the moderate price range with 2 stars.
Will you book it for a party of 7. 5 days beginning Friday.
Booking at the Ashley Hotel was successful. Reference number is : VFGG7DOD. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's great. No I don't need anything else, thank you. 
Glad we could help you.
I am planning a trip to Cambridge and need a place to stay. Can you recommend a hotel on the south side?
There is one hotel in the south called The Lensfield Hotel.  It is expensive, has 3 stars, and free internet and parking.  Can I help you book a reservation?
I'm looking for a guesthouse.  Is it a guesthouse?
No, it is not a guesthouse. I have found 3 options that are guesthouses.  Do you prefer a 3 or 4 star?
Stars dont matter. Can please book this for 5 people, 3 nights starting Friday.
Okay, I've set you up at bridge guest house. Your reference number is SU0WE1LI.
Great.  I'm also looking for a train from cambridge going to peterborough.  Can you help with that?
I have several options. What day and time would you like to travel?
I'd like to leave on Monday and arrive by 15:45, please.
There are several trains that would get you there in time, are you wanting to leave in the morning, or the afternoon? 
I would like to leave in the afternoon.
I don't have any leaving in the afternoon. How about the morning?
I want to arrive as clsoe to 15:45 as possible on monday. I need the travel time and the price please?
Of course - sorry, our automated "afternoon" constraint is buggy. I think TR7786 is most suitable, leaving Cambridge on Monday at 14:34 and arriving in Peterborough at 15:24. Would that work?
Can you let me know what the trip duration is for that train, please, and how much it costs? Oh, almost forgot. Does the Bridge Guest House include free parking?
The duration is 50 minutes and the price is 16.50 pounds.
Thank you, goodbye.
Have a nice day, thank you for contacting us. 
Yes, hello. I'd like to book a taxi to what I believe is a restaurant.
Sure, I can do that.  Do you know the name of the restaurant?  Also, when would you like to be picked up and arrive by?
Yes, Oak Bistro and will depart from Sheep's Green and Lammas land park fen causeway.
Ok great, I will also need to know what your preferences are for your pick up and arrival times to book your taxi.
I would like to arrive by 16:45. I will need a contact number and car type as well. 
I have that booked, a red ford and the contact info is 07756177529
Great! That's all for today. Goodbye!
All right, thank you and have a great day.
I am going out of town from Cambridge on tuesday and need to take a train, can you help me?
Absolutely. Where are you heading to?
I am going to ely
Ok, did you have a certain time you wanted to leave after or arrive in Ely?
I would like to leave after 19:15 please.
for how many ?
for 2 people, please
Booking was successful,  .Reference number is : G02V81W6. The train ID is TR5511, it leaves at 19:50
I'm also looking for a college in the west. Can you recommend one?
There are 5. 3 are free, and 2 cost 2.50 Pounds to visit. What do you prefer?
How about one of the free ones? Give me the address and phone number.
Churchill College is located on Storey's Way. The phone number is 01223336233. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, I think that is everything I can think of.  Thanks for your help!
Thank you enjoy the rest of your day.
Can you tell me a little about the clare college?
Clare College is, obviously, a college located on the west side. Address is trinity lane, postcode cb21tl. Phone is 01223333200. There is an entrance fee of 2.50 pounds for events there.
Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes what restaurants are in the west area in the expensive price range?
There are many to choose from. What sounds good? British, European, Indian or Thai?
Don't care as long as it's expensive and in the west side.
I suggest the graffiti that serves british food. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No, but I'd like their number and address please.
Sure, the phone number is 01223277977 and their address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road.
Thank you for all your help today! Goodbye
My pleasure! Have a wonderful day and thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I want to find a restaurant in the north part of town and serves international food.
I'm sorry, there are no international restaurants listed in that area.  Would you like to try something else? 
Are there any Italian restaurants in that part of town?
Yes. da vinci pizzeria restaurant in the north part of town and in the cheap price range.  Would you like more information for them? 
Yes, the address and phone number please.
Here is the information you have requested. phone number is 01223 351707, and address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton. Will that be all?
thank you . good bye
You're welcome. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a guest house, please.
There are many guesthouses in Cambridge! Do you have a certain area or price range in mind?
No but I want it to be in the north and have free parking.
Hamilton lodge is a guesthouse in the north in the moderate price range. It has free parking and wifi. Can I reserve a room for you?
I don't need to book at the moment, but thank you for the information! 
Was there anything else I can help you with today?
yes book the room for me please 2 people 5 nights starting thursday please
Reference number is : UKUNO9II. Is there anything else? 
Thank you much. I have heard raves about a certain restaurant called two two. Do you have any info on it?
I found restaurant two two it serve French cuisine is in north and the price range is expensive. Do you want me to book a table?
Yes, please. I want a table for 2 people on thursday at 11:00. Please give me the reference number too.
Okay, your booking was successful, the reference number is lQU2HDTO. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No actually, that was all I wanted help with today! Thanks a whole bunch!! Goodbye
Thank you , have a good one!
Yes, I need some help and information pertaining to a particular restaurant. The name of the restaurant is Sitar Tandoori. I'd like some information on the place if you can help.
Oh yes, the Sitar Tandoori is great Indian restaurant on our east side of town.  Do you need me to make a reservation for you?
Yes, could you book a table for 6 on Friday at 11:45?
I am sorry, I am unable to make a reservation for 6 at that time.  Would you like me to try and find another restaurant?
That's unfortunate. Yes, is there something else in the same area?
I have a few more, moderate or expensive, which do you prefer I book?
If you could find one in the same price range that would be best.
I was able to book pipasha restaurant, reference number is ZO0089US
Thank you that is all I need.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day.
I am looking for a place to dine at that serves afternoon tea and that is moderately priced. Please help.
I didn't find any results matching your criteria. Would you like me to find another restaurant?
How about an Indian restaurant, then?
Great news!  I have four restaurants.  Do you have a certain area that's more convenient?
No area does not matter. 
Well I have moderately priced restaurants in the east, north and west. Would you lie me to choose for you?
That would be great. There will be 7 of us. 
I would choose Curry Prince.  When would you like to dine?
i need a table reserved for friday
How many people and at what time?
I would like a booking at 13:00 for 7 people for Friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Reference number is : L6V4VV8Q.  Can I help with anything else?
Yes, please. I need a place to stay.
We have plenty to choose from, what preferences do you have?
it should be a guest house in the north
Okay! What price range would you like?
I would like expensive.
Sorry, I don't have anything matching that description. Would you like me to check for a hotel instead? Or change the area or price range?
I would accept one with moderate price range. I also need free parking.
I have 7 guesthouses that meet your criteria. I recommend the home from home. Would you like me to book it for you?
No thank you. I just need to know if they have free parking and the postcode.
WELL THE ACORN GUEST HOUSE HAS FREE INTERNET AND PARKING, POSTCODE IS CB41DA
I need a taxi also for the commute between both places
Ok great, and what time do you prefer?
18:00 pm and can you book it for me ?
Yes I will book it for you and get a reference number ?
I am looking for things to do in Cambridge.  Can you tell me if there are any nightclubs?
ballare is a nightclub in the centre of town, would you like more details? 
How much is it to get in to ballare? And which area is it in? 
Ballare's entrance fee is 5 pounds and they're located in the centre of town. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that's it. Thanks a bunch! Bye!
You're welcome, have fun!
What are some expensive british restaurants to dine at?
Sure, are you looking in a certain area?
Yeah, I'm looking in the north. 
Unfortunately, there are no British restaurants in the north that are expensive. Would you like mt o look in another are or try a different cuisine?
How about expensive French restaurants in the north?
sure, there's one there called restaurant two two.
Can you make me a reservation please and send the reference number?
Sure, when would you like the reservation for? 
What times do they have available.
It would be easiest if you would pick a time. 
Actually, I don't need to book a time right now, I just need the postcode and phone number for the time being. 
Okay, the post code is cb43ax and the phone number is 01223351880. 
Thank you. I am also looking for places to visit in town. I think a college would be nice. Could you recommend one?
Sure, Christ's College would be a good choice. It's in the centre of town and does not have an entrance fee. Would you like more information?
Can I also have their phone number and address?
Of course. The phone number is 01223334900 and the postcode is cb23bu. Can I help you with anything else today?
That's all I needed today. Thanks!
I hope you have a great stay in town.  Goodbye.
Please help me find an expensive restaurant that serves Chinese food. Thank you.
I have several options for you. Do you have a certain area in mind?
Area does not matter, Ill go with anyone that you recommend, please book me for thursday at 19:15 for 6 people.
Ok, you have a reservation at the Ugly Duckling. The reference number is MHERLSWD. Do you want the address?
No need for the address, thanks so much. I also need a train departing King's Lynn.
OK, what day are you traveling, and at what time?
I am leaving on Thursday and would like to arrive by 14:15.
Where will the destination be?
The train should go to Cambridge on Thursday. I would also need the train ID.
When would you like to leave at?
I have no preference, I just need to arrive by 14:15
I have TR4836 available.  It leaves at 13:11 and arrives at 13:58.  The cost is 9.80 pounds.  Would you like this one?
That sounds like the one I need.  I'll reserve it myself though.  Thanks for your help, I won't need anything else.  Bye.
Do you need any suggestions for attractions or hotels? I can help.
Hi, I need to catch a train from Stevenage to Cambridge.
I can help you with that. What day will you be traveling? 
I need to leave on Wednesday and arrive no later than 21:45.
I have train TR4015 that leaves at 19:54,and arrives at 20:43. Is that to your liking?
How long will that trip take?
The travel time for that train is  49 minutes
Thanks. Can you tell me anything about the castle galleries attraction?
Sure it is a lovely museum located in the centre, and the best part is it is free to get in!
Could I please get the phone number for that?
the phone number is 01223307402
That's perfect, thanks!
You're welcome! Is there anything else you need help with today?
No that is it. Thank you!
You're welcome, and have a great day!
Could you help me find a college to visit?
There are 18 colleges in Cambridge. What area would you like to visit?
I would like to visit one in the centre.
Christ's College is a free college on Saint Andrew's street.  If you would like to call, the number is 01223334900.
What is the street address and postal code for Christ's College? I am also looking for a hotel called the City Centre North B and B.     
Christ's college is on saint andrew's street. The postcode is cb23bu.
Thank you.  I had a friend recommend a hotel called the City Centre North B and B.  Can you tell me if there are any rooms available there?
What night, for how long and for how many people?
Book it for Thursday night, 3 nights, and 4 people.  Thank You!
Booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like me to attempt a different arrival day or shorter duration?
Actually, I'd like to book there Monday for 1 night with 8 people.
It's all booked your reference is YB0KDAKW.
I would also like a taxi and would like to leave the college by 06:45. Can you also provide me with its contact number and car type?
All booked. Here is the contact number: 07257951003. Driver will be in Black Volvo. Anything else?
I believe that takes care of everything, thanks!
Okay. Glad I could help. Please call again.
I'd like to take a train from Cambridge on Sunday. Can you please show me the times?
What is your destination?
I am going to london kings cross, and would like to arrive by 15:15.
TR7447 will get you there by 13:51.  Do you need some seats booked?
Yes.  Can you please book 2 seats?
Your booking was successful.  Your total fee is 37.76 payable at the station.  Your reference number is JVHB4V3C.  Is there anything else we can do to assist you?
I am also looking for a restaurant in the centre of town. I'd like it to be moderate price range, please.
There are many wonderful restaurants in the centre, do you have a cuisine in mind?
Not really, pick something tasty for us and book a table, please! 11:15 on that same day, same group. 
I booked you a table at ali baba, a lebanese restaurant. Your reference number is 8V419UNN. Do you need anything else?
No, that is all for now. Thank you for your help. goodbye
Thank you for using our system.
Hello, I am looking for a restaurant that serves vegetarian food. 
There are no restaurants serving vegetarian food.
How about turkish food?
Three restaurants serve Turkish food. Do you have a price preference?
I do not care
Anatolia is a turkish restaurant, in the moderate price range and in the centre of town. Do you want the address and phone number?  
Address, please.
Anatolia is located at 30 Bridge Street City Centre.
Thank you goodbye
You're welcome.  Goodbye.
Can you help me find somewhere to stay in the south? I want it to be moderately priced please.
there are 2. one with 4 star another with 3. which one do you prefer?
Either is fine but I would need to have wifi included, this is a business trip.
I have 2 that offer free wifi. One is rated 3 stars, the other is 4. Do you have a preference? 
How about the 4 stars one.
That would be the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House. Would you like to make a booking?
Not right now.  I'm also looking for a restaurant in the same price range that serves Indian food.  Can you help me with that? 
I have many to choose from. Can you specify the area?
I would like it in the south.
It looks like there aren't any in the south.  Would you like to try a different area? 
No, how about indian food?
rajmahal is in the west and moderately priced, shall I book you?
Yes, please. I would also like a taxi to leave the hotel by 21:00.
Alright, and what is your destination?
First, may I have the address for the rajmahal restaurant? Then, I want to get from the hotel to the restaurant, please.
Rajmahal is located at 7 Barnwell Road, Fen Ditton in the east side. I've also booked your taxi, departing by 21:00. You'll be taking a yellow VW, the number is 07875116115.
thank you that will be all
I'm glad I could assist you today. Have a good rest of the day. 
When i I get to Cambridge I need to know where to find a restaurant called frankie and bennys.
Frankie and Bennys is located at Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton. Their postcode is cb17dy and their phone number is 01223412430.
Ok I need to book a reservation for 3 people at 18:00 on Tuesday, I will need a reference number as well. 
Okay you're all ready to go for Tuesday at 18:00. Your reference number is V6R6J5J2. Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train that leaves from Leicester on Tuesday also.
I have 6 trains leaving after your reservation starting on the :09 of the hour from 19:09 to 23:09. Would you like me to book one of these?
I need a train bound to Cambrige that arrives by 13:45.  
The latest train we have leaving from Cambridge to Leicester leaves at 11:09 on Tuesday and arrives in Cambridge by 12:54. Departure times begin at 5:09 and occur every hour. 
The 11:09 train would be fine. I need 3 tickets and a reference number, please.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : E1IVJM0G.
Great thank you for your help you have been great to deal with.
Thank you so much. greatly appreciated.'
Thank you for your help.
Have a great day.
I would like an expensive restaurant that serves afghan food
It does not appear there are any restaurants serving afghan food
How about asian oriental food?
Kymmoy is in centre, and Saigon City is in north.  Would you like more information on one of those?
Could you tell me the phone number of Saigon City?
The phone number for Kymmoy is 01223 311911.   Would you like any additional information?   
Yes, I would like the number for Saigon City. 
01223 356555 is the number. 
Thank you. Can you also tell me the address for Saigon City, please?
the address for saigon city is 	 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton
Which part of town it is in ?
it is located in the north part of town
thank you good bye
THANK YOU GOO BYE
Yes, I'm looking for an expensive hotel to stay at, can you help me?
Is there a specific side of town you'd like to be on?
Yes, I would like to stay in the city centre. Also, I would need free parking.
You have the Gonville Hotel or the University Arms to choose from. The Gonville is a 3 star hotel while the University Arms is 4 star.
Are both hotels or are they guest houses?
They are both hotels. Would you like for me to book one of these hotels for you?
Yes. I would like to stay at University Arms for 2 people, for 2 nights, starting from Friday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to find another hotel?
That's too bad. Would you be able to find me a different hotel in the same price range?
i'm sorry, i was unable to find a different hotel that matches your criteria and the availability that you wanted.
Thats disappointing,thank you andgoodbye.
Hold on, I forgot about the Gonville Hotel I mentioned earlier. I got you a room. Your reference number is : B01G0B4W. Can I do anything else?
That is all.  Thank you.
Good day, thank you for using us, if you need anything else let is know. 
Find me an expensive moroccan restaurant please. 
i haven't found any, maybe a less expensive one?
Did you check the east area?
	i haven't found any in the east too
How about expensive indian food in the east area?
Yes, there's pipasha restaurant and sitar tandoori. 
Can you give me the postal code and phone number for Pipasha restaurant?
Sure! The phone number is 01223577786 and the postcode is cb58pa. Can be of any further help? 
Great can I also get a train on monday heading to broxbourne
Yes and where will you be departing from and what time would you like to arrive or leave?
Actually, I'm departing from broxbourne and heading into cambridge. I'd love to arrive by 12:30 on Monday
TR0559 leaves Monday at 09:32 and arrives in Cambridge by 10:32 on Monday. Would you like to book a ticket?
Yes!  Book for 8 people, please.
I've booked you 8 tickets for train TR0559 departing Broxbourne at 9:32 on Monday. THe cost is 143.19 GBP. YOur reference number is B87U1BOH. Can I help you with anything else?
That is all I need, thank you very much.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Goodbye
I am looking for Mediterranean food in the center of the city.
I show 3 available. 2 are in the expensive range and 1 is cheap. May I book a table for you?
I'd like the expensive range and I'd like to book a table for 7 people on Saturday at 15:45.
I have booked you at the Shiraz Restaurant for 7 people Saturday at 15:45. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes.
Thank you so much.  That is all I need today.  Have a great evening.
Sure.  Your reference number is MSV3UPS2.  You will likely need it.
Great. Thanks so much!
Thanks for calling. You have a great day!
I want a place to stay. Find me a hotel that includes free parking.
There are eight accomodations of the hotel type with free parking. What part of town do you prefer?
The west, please. And can I get free wifi?
The Cambridge Belfry is an inexpensive, 4 star option on the west side with free wifi and free parking.
Yes, that sounds like a good choice. Can you book it for me for 3 people starting Saturday? Thanks
Sure, I can do that.  How many nights would you like it for? 
I would like to stay for 3 nights.
I was able to book the hotel for you. The reference number is BTTS9GYC. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a train from norwich to get to the hotel by 16:30.
I have several available. When do you want to leave?
It doesn't really matter, just need to get there by 16:30.
Okay I have a train tat gets to Cambridge at 15:35. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please book that for the same group of people. 
I booked 3 people departing Norwich on train TR8899 at 14:16 Saturday and arriving in Cambridge at 15.35. The reference number is 8XF0PN0Q. The fee is 42.24 GDP. Anything else?
Thank you for arranging the lodging and transportation. That's all I need. Goodbye.
Thanks for using us! Enjoy your trip!
I want to get a place to eat in the north. 
Saigon City, which is Asian oriental cuisine and is expensively priced, Golden Wok is Chinese and moderately priced. And Royal Spice is Indian food and cheap. 
I would like one in the moderate price range.
I have the golden wok, which is chinese or the nirala which serves indian. Would you like to make a booking at one?
No. Just get me the Golden Wok's phone number and address please and I'll take it from there
Okay, their address is 191 Histon Road Chesterton and their phone number is 01223350688. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you. I also need a train that will leave Cambridge on Saturday. I want it to arrive at 12:30 to Ely.
okay, the TR0721 leaves at 11:50 and arrives at 12:07. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, please! I will need a booking for 6 people.
I will work on getting this booked and be right back with you.
thank you. can i please get the refrence number?
You're all set. TR0721 leaves cambridge on saturday at 11:50 and arrives in ely at 12:07. Your total is 21.12 GBP and your Reference number is : 9SI6A16E. 
Thank you very much. This is all I need for now.
Your welcome, have a great day!
A hotel in the north with free parking, please.
I have 5 hotels that meet your needs 2 are moderately priced and 3 are expensive.  Do you have a preference?
Is there any with a 4 star rating and includes free wifi?
Unfortunately there are none on the north side of town that fit your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of the city?
No thank you.
I have Ashley Hotel or Lovell Lodge on the North side of town. They both have free wifi and parking. Can I book one of those for you?
Do either of those have 4 star ratings?
No, I'm sorry.  There are several guesthouses with 4 stars.  Kirkwood House is in the north and has fee parking and WiFi.  Can I reserve a room?
What is Kirkwood House's address, postcode, and price range?
Kirkwood house is a moderately priced hotel and its address is 172 chesterton road, cb41da.
Thank you for the help, that's all I need. 
You're welcome. Have a nice stay!
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves traditional european food, that's not too expensive or too cheap. 
Galleria serves european food and is in the moderate price range in the centre of town.
Great that would be perfect for me, can you provide me with booking options for that restaurant?
I could book that for you if you let me know when you'd like to dine there and how many people will be joining you.
Actually, I don't need booking. I just need the postcode, address, and phone number.
Certainly. galleria, postcode cb21uw, address 33 Bridge Street, and phone number 01223362054.
That is all I needed. thank you. Goodbye.
Glad I could be of assistance.  Have a great day.  Good bye.
I need to find a train to Cambridge on Sunday.
Where will you be coming from?
I'm leaving from London Kings Cross. 
There are 10 trains that fit your criteria. Do you have a leave at or arrive by time preference?
It needs to leave after 14:30. I need a booking for 2 people. 
I have a train that will leave at 15:17 and arrive in cambridge at 16:08. Would you like me to book that for you?
That works for me. I need the reference number.
I was able to successfully book your tickets.  The reference number is 02BPMPU4 and the total is 37.76 GBP which is payable at the station.  
Thank you! Could you also suggest a museum to visit in the centre? 
There are 11 museums in the city centre. Are you interested in art, antiques, technology, archaeology, science?
Perhaps one without an entry fee?
Castle Galleries is located in the Centre and has free admission.
That sounds perfect.  Can you please give me the phone number, address, and postcode?
The phone number for Castle Galleries is 01223307402, the address is unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, and the postal code is cb23bj.
Thank you so much for your help! 
No problem, is there anything else you'll be needing from me?
No, that will be all. Goodbye.
It was a pleasure helping you with your planning today. I hope you have a great trip. Good bye!
Hello, I need a train to Ely on Sunday please
We have 10 trains traveling to Ely on Sunday. What time would you like to arrive?
How about one arriving by 13:00 departing from cambridge.
TR1159 will get you to Ely by 12:07 on Sunday. Should I book you a ticket?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need tickets for 8 people. Do you have a reference number?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 28.16 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : HDX8IX63.
I'm also looking for a museum. Can you recommend one?
how about cafe jello gallery? it looks lovely
That will work. Could you get me the phone number and area its in?
Sure! It's in the West area of town, and the phone number is 01223312112. Can I help you with anything else?
You were great today. Thanks so much for all the help. That is all. Goodbye. 
It was a pleasure to help. Have a good day. Goodbye. 
We want to try a local restaurant that serves Asian or oriental food.
I have 5 restaurants that match so far.  Do you have a location preference of centre or north?
I would like a restairant in the centre please. 
What price range would you like ?
I do not care. You tell me the best one and give me their number please. 
I recommend Kymmoy. Their phone number is 01223311911. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also need a train that is leaving on monday and should depart from leicester.
What time are you looking to leave by?
I want to travel into Cambridge and leave sometime after 16:45 please. 
Train TR2078 leaves Leiester at 17:09 and arrives at 18:54 into Cambridge. Would that work for you? 
Yes, could I get 3 tickets for that? 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 113.4 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : WMWAXBFD.  What else can I help you with today? 
Nothing, thank you. I appreciate all of your help. Goodbye.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo. Goodbye. 
I need a train on Wednesday, arriving close to 14:45.
And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I will be leaving from Cambridge and arriving in Leicester.
There are several trains that would get you Leicester by 14:45. Did you have a departure time in mind?
I have no preference for departure time as long as I arrive by 14:45. 
Ok there is one that leaves Cambridge at 12:21 and arrives in Leicester at 14:06. Would you like to book that one?
Yes that sounds good, can you please give me the train ID and travel time?
Yes that train's ID is TR2854 and the travel time of the journey is 105 minutes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a guesthouse on the north side of town.
There is the acorn guest house, out of 33 results, did you need internet, parking, or a certain star? 
No, I don't need internet or free parking.  Could you tell me the star ratings for those?
The acorn guest house has a 4 start rating. Would you like to hear other options? 
No thanks, but can I have the postcode and price range for the Acorn, please?
Sure, the postcode for Acorn Guest House is cb41da and the price range is in the moderate range.
Great thank you that's all the info I need today.
Wonderful.  Please don't hesitate to contact me again for more help.  Good bye.
Can you give me information on hotels in the centre?
What price range are you looking for?
Not interested in the price, but I would like it to be a 4-star hotel. 
We have two. I recommend the alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse.
I'm sorry. I needed a hotel, not a guesthouse.
The University Arms Hotel meets your criteria. Would you like to make a booking or more information?
Yes please. I need it to be for 1 person for 2 nights starting on Friday. 
Your reservation at university arms hotel this friday for 3 days 2 nights for 1 person was successful. Your Reference number is : ZUWP7UJK.
Great, can you also find me a Japanese food restaurant in the expensive price range? 
Wagamana is good fit. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Yes.  Can you please book a table for one at 12:45 on Friday?
I have completed that booking. The reference number is A2Q5X07S. Can I do anything else today?
Thanks so so much! That's all now, bye!
You are very welcome! Take care!
Hello.  I am looking for a hotel, it should be in the cheap price range.
I have 9 guesthouses and 1 hotel. Do you have an area in mind?
I want a hotel and not a guesthouse. It should also be on the west side of town with a 4 star rating. Can you help?
I have exactly one choice matching your criteria. Would you like me to make a booking for you for the Cambridge Belfry?
 book it for 8 people and 2 nights starting from friday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : UUCTFOYJ. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed! Thank you for your help, have a good night!
Thank you and You're welcome. Good night.
Oh I'm sorry. I'm also looking for places to go. Some type of Multiple sports in the city center. Anything will do.
There is nothing in the centre but I do show one in the east. Would this work or do you have another attraction type in mind?
Can we first find a college in the same area instead
What about gonville and caius college in the centre of town?
Whatever you recommend will work. I just need the phone number, post code and address.
The phone number is 01223332400, the post code is cb21ta and the address is trinity street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thank you so much for everything.
thanks and you and you are welcome anytime
Thank you very much!
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a wonderful trip! 
have a great day
Have a good trip
Hi, you can help me find a cheap restaurant on the East
The Missing Sock is a cheap restaurant. They serve international cuisine. Does that sound good? 
Sounds great! please book it for 2 people at 18:!5 on monday
Your reservation the The Missing Sock was successfully booked for Monday at 18/15 for 2. Your Reference number is : IOPD5NU7.
I also need a train on Tuesday. 
I can help with that, too. Where are you departing from and where are you going, please?
I will be departing Cambridge and going to stansted Airport.
I have 19 trains. Do you have a preferred arrival or departure time?
I want the train to leave after 08:30
There is a train that leaves at 8:40.
That should be perfect. Can I get reservations for 2?
Yes, I booked the tickets and your reference number is 1TARW3RS
Perfect!! Thank you so much.
Thanks you for visiting us in Cambridge and enjoy your trip!
I want a train from cambridge to bishops stortford.
I see several options for trains from Cambridge to Bishops Stortford. What day and time would you like to depart?
Wednesday, with an arrival time by 13:30 in Bishops Stortford.
The closest arrival time I can get for you is 12:07 on train TR8224. Would you like to book some tickets?
Yes, 7 tickets, please. And I'll need the reference number.
Great, I've book your tickets, your reference number is HE1L803E. Anything else I can do for you?
I'm looking to go to a college in the centre of town. Can you recommend something for me?
There are 13 colleges in the centre. Is there something specific you're looking for?
Nothing specific, just give me the first one that pops up.  I'll need the phone number, entrance fee and postcode please. 
Christ's College is located in the centre of town. Entrance is free, phone number is 1223334900, and post code is cb23bu. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank You. That's it.
Thank you for using our service.  Have a wonderful day.
I need a train arriving in Cambridge by 20:45.
There are many trains arriving at Cambridge by 20:45. Where would you be departing from, and on which day?
I will be departing from stansted airport on wednesday.
What time would you like to depart from Stansted airport?
The departing time is flexible, I just need to get to cambridge by 20:45 please and may I have the price as well?
I have a train arriving in in Cambridge at 5:52pm on that day. The price is 10.10 pounds. Will this work for you?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay.
Your train reference number is 4FQ0OYNJ. As for lodging, what type of establishment, price range, or area can I look for?
I would like a three star hotel that is expensive.
There are 2 hotels matching that criteria: Gonville Hotel and The Lensfield Hotel. 
OK, I need rooms for 7 people for 4 nights, starting on Wednesday. Can you tell me which of the two hotels are available then?
The Gonville Hotel is available, and your reference number is 7JS42213.
Oh! Great. Thank you, that's all I need today.
I'm glad I could be of help, enjoy your stay!
I am looking for places to go in Cambridge, a type of a boat.
There are 4 boats in the area. What part of the city would you like to visit?
I'll take what ever you have first, but I'll need the entrance fee please.
The system is not saying whether there is an entrance fee for the boats. I can provide phone numbers if you would like to call them.
Thank you, I also need a train going to stevenage and arrive by 11:00
There are 21 trains heading to stevenage what town will you be departing from?
I will be departing from 3 towns over. 
You can depart from Cambridge, what day would you like to travel?
I would like to go on Monday please. 
You can depart on Monday at 05:21, how does that sound?
Pets on the gray please make the booking for one person and give me the reference number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 12.8 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : U108YPRI.
Awesome. That will be everything!
Great! Thank you for using our service today. Have a nice day.
You too, thanks. 
We hope to see you again.
Hi, I am planning a trip and am hoping you can help with some places to go when I get into town.
Great, we have 79 attractions, do you have a particular type or area of town?
No particular area but I would like to go swimming. Are there any swimming pools?
Could I recommend abbey pool and astroturf pitch it is very nice. 
That sounds nice.  What area is that pool in?
That is on the east side of town.
Perfect. I am also looking for a hotel in the south side.
There are several, did you have a price range preference?
No, but I want something 4-star that offers free wifi.
Rosa's bed and breakfast is a great deal for a guesthouse that meets your needs. Would you like to book a room? 
I do not want to book yet, just gathering information. What is the postcode?
The post code is cb22ha is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes can you book me a taxi to go from the hotel to the pool? 
What time do you want to go?
I need to leave the hotel by 6:00, need the contact # and car type please
red skoda #07340785160
Thank you, that was quick.   That is all I need, thanks for your help.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes Hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge.  Is there a particular department you're looking for?
No, I'm getting general info. I need the hospital postal code and phone number, though.
Their phone number is 01223245151 and the address is Hills Rd, Cambridge.
Thanks! That is so helpful. Bye.
You are most welcome!
I want to board a train on Thursday. Can you help me with that?
Yes of course! Where are you traveling to?
I am travelling to Cambridge and it should depart from London Kings Cross.
I have ten trains doing that trip on Thursday. Any specific times? 
I need to arrive by 09:00 if that is possible. 
Yes it's possible. We have 2 trains departing at 05:17 and at 7:17. Which one would you prefer?
Please make a booking for 6 people on the 7:17 train. 
I have booked your seats here is the information:Booking was successful, the total fee is 141.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : PY3UDDOV.
I am also looking for a guesthouse. 
There are 24 guesthouses in the city to choose from. Do you have an idea of what part of town you'd like to stay in or what your price range is?
I definitely need free parking also, please.
There are 21 guesthouses fitting your requirements in all areas. The guesthouses are in both the cheap and moderate price ranges.  
I want it to be 4 stars and moderately priced
I have the Acorn Guest House that meets your criteria. Would you like me to book it?
No, not right now but do you have their address handy?
Sure, they are located at 154 chesterton road, postcode cb41da.  Do you need any further assistance today?
No thank you. I appreciate all you have done to help me.
Your welcome. If you change your mind and want reservations, feel free to contact us again.
Of course I will.  Thank you also.
You are welcome enjoy.
Can you recommend a hotel in the north part of town?
I would recommend Ashley Hotel at 74 Chesterton Road.
Does that hotel have a 3 star rating and free wifi?
No, I am afraid I have none with a 3 star rating in that area. Would you like to try another area or stars?
Any area is fine as long as it is a 3 star hotel with free wifi.
Ok.  There is the gonville hotel in the centre and the lensfield hotel in the south.  Are you interested in booking one of them?
No 3 star places to stay in the North? It doesn't have to be a hotel but maybe a guesthouse? 
I have one..The Hamilton lodge. Would you like me to make a reservation?
No, I just need the price range and the phone number
The price range is moderate. The phone number is 01223365664. Would you like any other information?
Are there any French restaurants in the same area as the Hamilton Lodge?
Yes, I actually do have one. It is Restaurant Two Two. They are expensive and located on 22 Chesterton Road, Chesterton. Their phone number is 01223351880. Would you need reservations?
Could you please give me the postcode for Restaurant Two Two?
postal code is CB43AX
I need a train from Bishops Stortford to Cambridge that will arrive by 12:30. 
I have found 7 trains that will get you to Cambridge by 12:07. What day would you like me to book? 
I need it for Saturday.
When would you like to leave at?
I just need to get there by 12:30 so that train would be good. What time do I depart?
 I have train TR6163 that leaves at 5:29 and arrive 6:07.   Would you like me to make reservations?
No thanks, I just wanted to know the information. I do need a moderately priced hotel, with free parking.
How about bridge house? I hear it's lovely.
Can I get more information?
It is a moderately priced guesthouse on the south side, a 3 star. Would you like to book it?
i need info on some attractions
What attraction type are you interested in?
just get me the phone number of any that you will recommend
The phone number of old schools is 01223332320. Do you need anything else?
Yes, I would also like information about the express by holiday inn cambridge
It is an expensive place in the east, it is a hotel and not a guesthouse.  Can I book you or answer any other questions?
Yes, please, 5 people for 4 nights starting Friday.
Your hotel is confirmed, starting Friday for 4 days with 5 people. Your confirmation number is XBH5TB70. Can I do anything else for you?
I just wanted to confirm that the attraction you recommended is located in the east part of town.  I forgot to mention that.
It is in the Centre. Would you like me to check attractions in the East?
no thanks for all of your help
Is there anything further I can assist you with?
Nope thats everything thanks
excellent, have a great day!
Can you help me find the nearest police station?
The nearest police station is in Parkside with the post code CB11JG. Would you like the phone number?
Yes and the address, as well. Thanks.
You can find the station at Parkside, Cambridge. Their phone number is 01223358966.
Thanks, that's all I need today.
Let us know if you need any more help.
I'm curious about the 3-star lodging options available in Cambridge.
There are no 3-star lodgings available in Cambridge. Shall we check 4-star locations instead?
Sure. Check only for hotels which include free parking also.
There are no 4-star lodgings available in Cambridge that meet your criteria. Shall we check 5-star locations instead? 
Yes, please try 5-star hotels with free parking.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find anything with 5 stars.
try out 1 night then
I do not have 4 or 5 star hotels in that area. Can I try something else?
I want to stay at a 3 star hotel with free parking.
I'm sorry for the confusion. There are two expensive hotels with 3 stars and parking. Do you prefer the centre or the south?
The centre will be fine.  Thank you.
All right, sir, that would be the Gonville Hotel on Gonville Place.
Ok, could you book it for 8 people starting Wednesday for 2 nights please.
I'm sorry, Booking was unsuccessful.  Would you like to try a shorter stay?
Yes, could you try for one night?
Very good, sir. That worked and I have a reference number for you: PU74EXCQ.
That's all I need. Thanks ever so much!
You're very welcome. I'm terribly sorry about the confusion earlier. Have a lovely day. Goodbye.
Can you tell me about the Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology? 
Yes, it is located at the university of cambridge, downing street and has free entry. 
Excellent! What is the phone number and address?
It is located at the University Of Cambridge on Downing Street, postcode cb23dz.  You can reach them at 01223333516.  Can I help with anything else today?
I would like to book a train to cambridge.
I would be more than happy to help you with that. What time are you leaving?
I want to arrive by 12:00, I'm leaving Friday. Going from stevenage to cambridge.
There are trains that leave at 5:54, 7:54, and 9:54.  Would you like me to book any of these for you?
What time will I be arriving if I take the 7:54 train?
The 7:54 would get you to cambridge by 8:43 and the 9:54 would get you there by 10:43. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes please. What is the total duration of the train ride?
The duration of the trip is 49 minutes.
Thank you have a nice day. 
Which time would you like me to book for you?
Actually, I can book it myself at a later time. Thats all that I need. Have a good day. Goodbye. 
Okay. Do not hesitate to call us again.
I'm needing to find a train that goes to Cambridge. I want to arrive by 13:15.
I can certainly help you with that. What day are you traveling, and what is your departure station?
I need to leave from Leicester on Saturday.
The latest train to get you there in time would be train TR6210. It departs at 11:09 and arrives at 12:54. Would that work for you?
I think so, how much does that one cost per ticket?
The price is 30.24 pounds. 
Thanks. I am also looking for a place to stay. Are there any guesthouses in the east side of the city?
Yes, there are 6 guesthouses on the east side. Do you have a price range?
Yes I am looking for a moderately priced guesthouse that includes free parking.
Sure the carolina bed and breakfast meets that criteria. Should we book a room? 
Can you give me a price first?
I am sorry, I can't view that information at the time. But you can call them at 01223247015.
I will also need the postcode and the star rating of that guesthouse please. 
The Carolina B&B is located in post code CB13NX, and has a 4 star rating. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's everything, I think. Thank you for all the help!
You're welcome. Goodbye.
I need to find the nearest police station.
The police station is located at Parkside Cambridge CB11JG. The phone number is 01223358966.
Wonderful, thank you very much!
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all, thank you very much.
Thank you and hope your day gets better.
i am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the west and should be in the type of swimming pool.
I'm sorry, there isn't a swimmingpool on the westside. Would you like to try a different part of town?
How about somewhere else I can swim in town?
There are four options available. Two in the north, one in the east, and one in centre. Which would you like more information about?
No thanks. How about entertainment in the west?
whale of a time is an entertainent spot in the west. Their address is unit 8, viking way, bar hill
The title sells itself, can I get the entrance fee please?
Unfortunately, the venue hasn't provided information on their entrance fee. Would you like me to check another venue?
Yes, and please provide an entrance fee.
There is no entrance fees listed for this type of entertainment.  Whale of a Time has a phone number you could call for the fee?  01954781018
Well, I'm also looking for info on a hotel I heard about. It's called limehouse.
Yes Limehouse is located in the north. The address is 78-80 milton road.
What type of hotel is it and do they have free parking and internet? I also need a taxi to leave the hotel by 10:15. Contact and car type please.
It is a guesthouse with free parking and internet. Where is your destination?
I would like to go from the Lime house to the swimming pool. 
Would you like me to make the reservation?
Yes, please also give me its contact number and the car type.
 Booking completed! Booked car type	:	grey honda Contact number	:	07844769694
thanks that's all i need
You're welcome, have a great day!
I am looking for a cheap restaurant that serves Cuban food. 
I am sorry there are no Cuban restaurants in the cheap price range. Is there anywhere else you will like to search for?
Could you look for Chinese restaurants instead?
There are 3 in the centre and one in the south. Charlie Chan is one of the cheap Chinese restaurants in the centre.
Can I get the address and phone number of Charlie Chan, please?
Charlie Chan's phone number is 01223 361763 and the address is Regent Street City Centre. May I help you with anything else?
Thank you, that is all I need.  Goodbye!
Thank you, goodbye!
I need a train that leaves on Sunday for Broxbourne.
I have 19 trains going to broxbourne on Sunday. To help narrow it down, where would you like to depart from and what time?
I want it to leave from cambridge after 09:15.
Let me look up those times for you. One minute.
Not looking to book, can I just get the train ID, price, and travel time? Thanks!
I'm sorry, I'm not finding that fits those criteria. Is there a different time you could leave? 
There are no trains going to broxbourne from cambridge on Sunday after 09:15?
No, I'm sorry, it doesn't appear that those trains run on Sundays.  Is there a different day you could travel?  Also, will you leave from Broxbourne or Cambridge?
I need to go TO Broxbourne FROM Cambridge on Sunday, leaving any time after 9:15. Please check again with those details, please. 
I'm terribly sorry -- you are correct.  There are trains every hour, at one minute past. There is a 10:01 train on Sunday, for example. Travel time is 60 minutes.
Great. What's the train ID and price?
The TrainID is TR9580 which leaves at 10:01. The price From Cambridge to Broxbourne is 14.32 pounds. Do you need additional information?
Yes, what is the duration of the train ride?
The duration is six minutes. Can I get you a ticket?
No, that's all right.
Let us know if you need anything else.
Yes, I am attending a physician's conference and need to locate a room for tonight. 
Do you have a area or price preference?
I am looking for a place with free wifi, doesn't need parking, and expensive price range
I have 5 hotels that fit your criteria, are you looking for a particular area or number of stars? 
No particular area.  I would definitely want a moderate priced room though.  
A and B Guest House fits your criteria. It's a 4-star guesthouse on 124 Tenison Road. Are you interested in booking there?
Yes.  I need it for 6 people for 5 nights starting on Friday.
I'm sorry, but it's not available for your references. Would you like to try a different day or fewer days?
Can I get it for 1 night, then?
Yes, I've reserved you for one night.
May I have the booking reference number, please?
The reference number is EV6UDNPJ. Anything else you need?
No, that is just what I needed.  Thanks for your help.  Bye.
Goodbye. Have a good day!
I'm looking for a train leaving on Saturday after 7:30 PM. Can you help me?
The TR2166 leaves cambridge at 19:59 and arrives london liverpool street.  Need a ticket?
No. I need to leave after 19:30 on saturday from london liverpool street and then go to cambridge. Try again please. 
The TR3940 leaves london liverpool street at 19:39 and arrives in cambidge. Need a ticket?
Yes, I need 7 tickets, please.
Reference number is : P0GRIJTT. Is there anything I can help you with further? 
Yes, I am looking for some fun things to do while we're in the Centre. Is there anything you can recommend?
We have several different attractions in the centre. Is there a particular type of attraction you'd be interested in?
No could you recommend one and can i get the postcode for it. 
What price point would you like?
It does not matter.
How about All Saints Church on Jesus Lane. Their postcode is 	cb58bs
Thank you, I am all set, that is everything I need.
Thank y for calling in today.  Have a good day.
Can you let me know if Cambridge has any restaurants that serve Australian cuisine and are priced expensively?
No, I'm sorry there aren't any.
Not even in the centre of town?
Sorry, not even in Centre. Is there a different type of cuisine you would like to try?
Sure, let's try Mediterranean, please?
shiraz restaurant and la mimosa are both in the center and seem to match your needs. Do you need a reservation?
No but what is the address and phone number?
Sure.  The address and phone number for La Mimosa is Thompsons Lane Fen Ditton/01223362525 and for Shiraz restaurant it is 84 Regent Street City Centre/01223307581.
Thanks.  I also need to get a hotel with free wifi.
I have 3 options available with free wifi in the centre of town.  What is the price you are looking for?  I have expensive to moderate available.
Same price range as the restaurant please. 
The University Arms Hotel is in the centre and expensive, with WiFi. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, that would be great. I'll need it for Friday, 3 nights, and 3 people, please?
Which days would you like to stay?
friday if possible. let me get reference number
Your booking was successful.  Your reference number is 1RIY72MY.
great, that's all i need thanks
You're very welcome. Will you be needing a taxi?
No, my friends have a car. 
If you need any further assistance, please contact us.
Hello! I'm looking for a train that will leave on Tuesday and arrive by 18:45, can you help me?
I can definitely assist you, where will you be leaving from and arriving to?
I will be departing cambridge and going to arriving at birmingham new street.
The TR3225 leaves at 5:01 and gets to Birmingham at 7:44.  It costs 75.10 pounds.  Can I reserve some tickets for you?
Yes can you book that for 5 people and get me the reference number?
Sure, I have booked it for 5 and the reference number is UGPE47OI. 
Thanks. I'm also looking for an expensive italian restaurant.
I have 4 options in the centre and 1 in the south, which would you like more information on?
I would like more information about the one in the south please. 
It is frankie and bennys, the are in the expensive range.  the address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way Cherry Hinton and they can be reached at 01223412430
Could I have the reference number,
If you give me your preferred dining time and the number of people in your party, I can go ahead and try to make a reservation.
My preferred dining time is 15:15, for a party of 5.
What day are you wanting the reservation?
Tuesday same day as the booked train. 
I'm sorry but the booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book a different time slot?
Yes, could you try and secure a 14:15 reservation perhaps?
Good news.  I was able to book a table for 5 at 14:15.  Are you ready for the reference number?
I am, thank you. 
The reference number for your reservation at Frankie and Benny's is PEFYUPYB. They'll hold the table for 15 minutes. Do you need help with anything else?
Thank you so much. You have been very helpful.
Thank you very much
I am looking for a place to eat that's expensive and serves afternoon tea. Can you help me? 
I'm sorry, there are no restaurants like that in Cambridge unfortunately.
How about an expensive indian restaurant?
I have 14 matches, do you have a location preference? 
No particular part of town, I'd appreciate a reccomendation. Can you make reservations for me?
I would recommend pipasha restaurant on the east side of town. How many people are in your group and when do you need the reservation for?
I would like a reservation for Sunday for 5 people at 17:00.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : HTGDBAYE. anything else?
Great! I also need a train for monday
I will need you departure and arrival city and time.
I would like to leave Monday, and arrive at Bishops Stortford at 15:00.
There are 5 trains that fit your request. They leave every 2 hours starting at 05:29. Do you have a preference for one of these trains?
Sure, I'll take the one that leaves at 5:29, what is the cost?
The cost of that train is 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book it for you?
no, thanks. What's the travel time for that train?
The travel time for train TR4283 is 38 minutes.
Thank you so much. 
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
 No thank you that will be all
It is my pleasure working for you.
I need a train leaving from london liverpool street on friday.
 Booking was successful, the total fee is 16.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : H58I0WC3.
Please review your trip itinerary
The train departs Liverpool Street on friday at 05:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 07:07. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
How long is the travel time for that train?
88 minutes to travel
Thanks, that will be all. Good bye.
Goodbye now! Have a great day!
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the east and should serve swiss food
I don't have any restaurants that meet that criteria. Are you interested in something different?
No, I am only interested in a restaurant that serves swiss food and is in the east.
I am sorry but there are no restaurants in the east that serve Swiss food.
How about international food?
The missing sock will meet your needs. Need to book a reservation?
No, I just need the postcode.
The post code is cb259aq. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful. Thank you so much.
Thank you goodbye 
Can you locate me a hotel on the east side with free parking. Please provide me with the reference number.
We have listings for 5 hotels and 1 guesthouse on the east side with free parking. Do you have a price range in mind so we can narrow it down?
I would like one with four star. I don't care about the price.
I have 5 guesthouses that meet that star requirement. The Allenbell, Autumn House, and Leverton House are all cheap. Carolina B&B and Warkworth House are moderate. Do you have a preference?
Let's try the Allenbell. Could you make a reservation for 1 person, for 5 nights starting Wednesday?
No problem.  Your reference number is GWQNWQXD.  Anything else?
No, that's all I needed today. Thank you for your assistance!
Enjoy your stay! Goodbye!
I want a taxi to come to The Junction to take me to Kambar.
I would be happy to book that for you, what time would you like to arrive?
At 3:30 pm
You've been booked. Expect a blue Volkswagen to get you to kambar by 3:30. Their contact number is 07466224734. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thanks!
You are most welcome!
Have a great night! Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day.
I want a train that arrives in broxbourne by 09:45.
I can book you a train for friday at 05:01, is that alright?
No. I need to depart from Cambridge and leave on Monday. Can you find me a more suitable train?
I have four trains leaving cambridge on monday and going to broxbourne.  Arriving every hour from 06:01-09:01.  What time would you prefer?
I would prefer to arrive at 9:01.
TR5517 will arrive in broxbourne by 09:01 Monday. Would you like to book a seat for that one?
Yes please, for 5 people. Can I get the reference number?
I have booked TR5517 arriving in broxbourne at 9:01 on Monday for you. The reference number is 1YXEN4V3. Will that be all?
I'm also looking for a park in the centre.
The only results for a park in the centre area is cambridge university botanic gardens. The entrance fee is 4 pounds. Would you like the address?
Yes please give me the address in the postcode
The address is Bateman Street and the postcode is cb21jf. Do you need anything else?
That's all I need. Thank you!
Your welcome! Goodbye.
Need a train to cambridge from bishops stortford.
There is a train on friday that leaves at 7:29 am 
Will that train arrive by 15:45?
Yes, it arrives in Cambridge at 8:07.  Would you like me to reserve some seats for you?
What is the price and travel time for that train?
The price is 10.10 pounds and the travel time is 38 minutes. 
I am also looking for a restaurant that serves german food at the moderate price range. 
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants that meet all of those specifications. Would you like to look for a different cuisine type or price range?
Can you recommend a Chinese restaurant since German is not available?
Yes, there are there are several. I could try to book you a table at Shanghai Family Restaurant in the city centre, or would you like to hear about the others?
Ok, I need a table for 2 at 18:45 on the same day please. 
I have a table for 2 reserved for you at 18:45, your reference number is  6VIFYHL7. Is there anything else I may assist you with today?
No, thats all i needed.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a nice visit!  Goodbye!
I need a taxi to take me today to camboats
Okay, where is your departure site?
kings hedges learner pool
Great. and now I will just need a time from you please
I want to arrive by 02:45.
I have booked you a blue audi with contact number 07255776269.
Fabulous. Thanks so much for your help. Bye!
Can I do anything else for you today?
I'm looking for a moderately priced Spanish restaurant.
Yes, there is a restaurant named La Tasca located in the centre on 14-16 Bridge Street. Would you like me to book a reservation for you?
No, thank you.
Can I look anything else up for you?
On second thought, I would like a reservation, thanks. Table for 7, at 17:00 on Thursday.
Yes I was able to make that reservation and your reference number is U81JS4T8.
Thank you so much. I also need to find a train to get me to Petersborough by 14:45.
May I have where you will be departing from and the day of travel to better assist you?
I don't need to leave at a certain time as long as I make it by 14:45.
What day will you be traveling? Are you leaving from Cambridge?
friday and depart from cambridge
I have 18 trains for you. Do you want me to book a train?
Yes, please book a train that meets my requirements.
The earliest to get you there before 14:45 is the TR9859, leaving Cambridge 05:06, arriving Peterborough 05:56. Will that do, or do you prefer something a little later in the day?
That time will be fine.
Got that just about ready will that be for yourself only or multiple people?
It will be for seven people
Booking was successful, the total fee is 115.5 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : OYNGUI4L.
Great, thanks a bunch! I'm all set now. Goodbye
Thank you for using our service. Goodbye!
Can you help me find a chinese restaurant?
Absolutely! What area and price range are you looking for?
Something in the Centre please. 
Sorry, I couldn't find anything in the centre. Want to try another location or cuisine?
Can you check for a Chinese place with a different price range?
There are no Chinese restaurants in the centre, regardless of price. Want to try another location or cuisine? 
What cuisines is in that area?
I'm sorry, there are actually 10 chinese restaurants located in the centre.  Do you have a price range preference?
I am in interested in making a reservation for 6 people at 18:00 on Saturday at a moderately priced restaurant.
Sounds like you have a fun evening planned, let make sure we have the right place for you all, any preference on price range?
I would like a moderately priced restaurant please.
I have booked you successfully at Jinling Noodle Bar on Saturday at 18:00. Your reference number is 2MOF0BGV.  Is there anything else I could help you with?
i also want a train to go to stansted airport
Ok I can certainly help with that. Please let me know your departure site, what day you want to travel, and when you want to leave or arrive by.
I'm heading to stansted airport from Cambridge on Friday and any train that leaves after 08:15 will work
TR7827 leaves cambridge on Friday at 08:40 and arrives at Stansted airport at 09:08. Will that work for you?
That sounds good. Please give me the travel time and ticket price.
The price is 10.10 pounds.
What is the travel and arrival time? Thank you.
The train leaves at 8:40 and arrives at 9:08.
That is all thanks.
It has been a pleasure helping you today. Thank you for calling! Goodbye.
Can you help me find a hotel called a and b guest house?
It is in the east, and moderately priced. Would you like to book a room?
Can I get the address and phone number, please?
The address is 124 tenison road, postcode cb12dp. The phone number is 01223315702. Anything else?
That is all. Thank you. 
You're welcome have a great day.
Hey there.  I am trying to plan my trip for Cambridge and am trying to find this particular restaurant. It's called the Sesame Restaurant and Bar.
The Sesame Restaurant and Bar is in the centre. The address is 17 Hills Road City Centre.
I want to book a table for one for Tuesday 12:00.
I can do that, would you like anything else?
i need a train which goes to  birmingham new street and should arrive by 09:00
What day would you like to leave and what would your departure location be?
I need to leave on Wednesday and depart from Cambridge.
Would you like me to book that for you?
Um sorry but can we actually go back to the restaurant again really quick. Did you even really book that for me? I never got a reference number from you...
Booking is confirmed. Reference number is : WBI1HK2O. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Anything else I can assist you with? 
That's it for now, thank you!
please contact us again in the future. goodbye. 
I'm planning my trip to Cambridge and am looking for a particular hotel.
Can you tell me the name please ?
it is called avaion. 
Avalon is a guesthouse in the north.  It has a moderate price range and four stars.  There is free wifi too.  Would you like the address?
Can you make me a booking for 5 people, for 4 nights, starting on Saturday?
I booked that for you and your reference number is 08BQQ5D1. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you so much, are there any theatres in the centre of town?
There are 4 theatres in the centre. I would recommend the mumford theatre.
Could I get the address there please?
Yes their address is 62 Gilbert Road
I need to take a train on Tuesday. I want to visit somewhere I haven't been before.
That sounds like fun! Will you be departing from Cambridge or somewhere else?
I need to depart cambridge and head to the stansted airport and arrive by 12:15
There are several options for you, leaving hourly. The TR7293 leaves at 11:40 and arrives at 12:08. Would you like me to book that for you, or perhaps an earlier one?
That sounds great.  Can you book 4 seats for me?
Sure. I have done so and your confirmation number is VOONS2E2.
I am also interested in places to go in town centre.  Can you offer me some ideas?
There are numerous options available. Were you looking for free attractions? There are some great free museums. 
Sure, a museum sounds good, which one would you recommend?
I just love the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology. They're in the city centre and have no entrance fee.
That sounds perfect. I will check it out, thanks.
You're very welcome!  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That is all, goodbye.
Goodbye. Enjoy your trip.
I'm interested in finding a train that leaves after 09:15 on Monday
Where are you leaving from and going to?
I'm leaving from Broxbourne and would like to go to Cambridge.
May I recommend the 9:32 train from Broxbourne to Cambridge on Monday?
Sure. Thank you. I would like to book that train for 7 people. Please give me the reference number.
Your reference number is LMJ7AQ90. Is there anything else I can help you with?
i also want a place to go in the centre
I can help you with a variety of attractions in the Centre, was there anything in particular you wanted to see or do?
No, can you recommend something?
The Cambridge contemporary art museum is very nice and free!
What is their address?
6 Trinity Street. Is there anything else?
No that will be all thank you. 
You're welome, have a great time in Cambridge.  Goodbye.
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address and phone number?
Da Vinci Pizzeria, which is in the north part of town and the cheap price range, is at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system
Hello, I am planning a trip to Cambridge.  Can you help me with a restaurant?
Yes there are many types of food and price ranges in Cambridge. Do you have a preference for either?
No, just looking for a restaurant called Restaurant two two
They serve french food and are in the north and quite expensive. Would you like to book a table?
Yes...for 3 people on Tuesday at 11:15.
I have made the reservation and your reference number is 7PD27O8B.
I am also in need of a train leaving Cambridge. 
Okay, what day and time would you like to travel and where is the destination?
Going to the sweet land of Stevenage, on tuesday.  I need to get there by 17:00
TR5343 leaves Cambridge at 15:21 and gets to Stevenage at 16:10. That's the last train of the day. Would you like to book a reservation? 
No can I just get the price please?
Sure. The price for that train would be 12.80 pounds. What else can I help you with today?
That will be all for toady. Thanks !
Thank you for contacting us. Have a nice day. 
I am looking for a park to go visit.
There are 5 parks here in Cambridge, did you have a particular area of town you'd like?
No, not really, do you think you could recommend one?
Yes. Cherry hinton water play is located in the east. Would you like anymore information?
Yes. Can I please have the phone number and address?
Certainly. The park is located at Cherry Hinton Hall, Cherry Hinton Road. The phone number is 01223446100. What else can I do for you?
I am also looking for a four star hotel in the south.
There are no four star hotels in the area, could I look somewhere else or another star rating?
Are there any four star guesthouses in the South?
There are no four star guesthouses in the South. Is there a different type of four star guesthouses that you are looking for? 
How about just any guesthouse in the south, then?
There are two guesthouses that meet your criteria. Would you rather have something in the price range of moderate or cheap?
I guess moderate would be better.
I would recommend the Aylesbray Lodge guest house. It's moderately priced and located in the south with free wifi and parking. Would you like assistance booking there?
OK. Yes, can you book the hotel?
Of course. I just need to know your arrival day, how many nights you'll be staying, and the number of people.
It doesn't matter. None of those matter.
I apologize but it in order to assist you with booking I would need to know how many in your party and the day and length of your stay. 
I don't need to book a room. I just need the phone number, postcode and price range of the guesthouse you found.
Sure, aylesbray lodge guest house phone number 01223240089, postcode cb17sr and price range moderate.
Can I also book a taxi with you to leave that hotel at 23:30 going to the attraction we discussed?
I have confirmed your taxi, a blue audi will be picking you up. Their contact number is 07496908373. Can I help with anything else?
No that is all, you have answered all my questions
I'm glad we could be of service. Have a nice day.
I hope you have a nice day as well.
Thank you, enjoy your stay in Cambridge. 
I want a restaurant in the north part of town and serves british food.
There are no British restaurants in the north part of town. Shall I search for something else?
Yes. I'd like the address, phone number, and price range of the best Indian restaurant there is.
Royal Spice is an Indian restaurant located in the north part of town and is in the cheap price range.  Would you like their address?
Of course!
Their address is Victoria Avenue Chesterton, postal code C.B 4, 1 E.H. What else can I do for you?
That's it. Thank you.
Thank yo and good bye.
Hello, I'd like to find a train to Cambridge on Thursday please. 
And where will you be leaving from?
I would like to leave from Stansted Airport after 11:45.
I can book you on train TR9775 leaving Stansted Airport going to Cambridge Thursday at 12:24, will that work?
How much does it cost and when does it arrive?
It arrives at 12:52 and costs 10.10 pounds. Would you like a booking?
Not at this time thank you.
Ok. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Nope, that's all I need. Thanks!
Thank you and have a great day!
I'm looking for something serving christmas food.
There are no restaurants serving Christmas food. 
How about a moderately priced chinese restaurant?
Yes, there is one called golden wok in the north part of town. do you want this one?
Ok, what's the phone number?
golden wok's number is 01223 350688
Is there anything else?
That's all, enjoy your meal.  
Thanks!  You too! 
Goodbye.
I'd like to find a train leaving on Friday to Cambridge.
There are 1414 trains heading to cambridge do you have a location you're leaving?
I will leave from Birmingham new street, and arrive by 13:15 if possible.
TR0497 arrives in Cambridge at 12:23. Would you like to purchase tickets?
Yes please, book 4 tickets for me. 
Booked, reference number is T610U5HK. You pay 300.39 GBP at the station. Your train leaves at 9:40.
Thank you very much.  It looks like i am all set.  Have a nice day.
It has been my pleasure. Please feel free to contact us again if you require any further assistance!
looking for a train. The train should arrive by 09:45 and should depart from cambridge.
What is your destination?
i need to go to norwich.
how about TR2534 that leaves at 05:36?
That sounds great! Thanks for all of your help!
You are most welcome!
I'm looking for a place to stay. I need to find free parking and I only want to stay in a hotel and not any thing else other than that. 
Huntingdon marriott hotel has parking and is a highly rated hotel.
The hotel should include free wifi.
Yes, the Huntingdon Marriott also has free wifi. Would like for me to book a reservation for you?
Yes, please book it for 5 people and 4 nights starting from monday.
I'm sorry, the huntingdon marriott hotel is not available. Would you like to try another.  The university arms hotel is a nice hotel in the city centre. 
Is it in the same price range?
Its listed as expensive.
And what were the Marriott prices like?
Expensive price. What type would you prefer?
Expensive price is fine.
I was able to book a reservation. Your reference number is 1JALPC7V. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That was all I needed today, thank you!
Great. Glad I could be of help. Enjoy your stay.
I'm going to be in the area soon to try some restaurants, but I'm having trouble finding information on one in particular.
I have a vast array of restaurants.  What type of food would you like, how much do you want to spend and what area would you like?
iM LOOKING FOR THE peking restaurant WHAT TYPE OF FOOD DOES IT SERVE AND I ALSO NEED THE ADDRESS
It is an expensive Chinese restaurant located at 10 Homerton Street City Centre. Is there anything else you need?
A hotel in the centre with free wifi, please.
There are 5 to choose from, from cheap to expensive. Do you have a price preference?
Yes, can I please get something in the moderate price range?
I have one hotel in the moderate range, cityroomz. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, please. Can you book a room for Friday for 1 person, 3 nights?
Your reservation has been made. Reference number DTONYTIH. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need to book a taxi to get me to the restaurant by 21:30.
Will you be departing from your hotel?
No, I'd like to leave the restaurant by 21:30, I need the taxi to take me to the hotel.
Okay your taxi is a white lexus and its contact number is 07753558780.
Thank you for all your help today. Have a good day.
Thank you and enjoy your visit.
I'm looking to go to dinner tonight and am in the mood for some good Bistro in the centre of town, can you find me some options?
I'm sorry. There is no matching restaurant. Would you like to try a different food type or area?
Hmm... let me think. Let's try maybe something italian instead.
There are nine Italian restaurants in the centre of town!  Are you looking for an Italian restaurant in any particular price range?
Which of those nine has the best ratings? Can I please have the address and postcode.
I recommend Caffe Uno - it's very nice. They're at 32 Bridge Street City Centre, cb21uj. Can I help with anything else?
No, that's all. Thanks.
Thank you! Goodbye.
I need to make a call to the Parkland Police Station please.
Sure, their phone number is 01223358966.
Thanks. Can I also get the address and postcode?
Yes they are located at Parkside, Cambridge, postcode CB11JG.
Thank you, that is all I need.
Wonderful. Have a wonderful day. 
Hello.  I need to catch a train leaving on Monday.  Can you help me find something?
Yeah sure but you need a departure/arrival city and time.
i am going to london liverpool street from cambridge and should arrive there by 12:45 
TR5431 fits your criteria and will arrive at 01:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, could you book 3 tickets and provide the reference number please.
Reference number is : 4HWC0OMV. Do you need anything else?
I also need to find out some information about the lensfield hotel
Ah, yes, the Lensfield is a very nice hotel. It's on the south end of the city and is quite expensive, but they have free wifi. Would you like a room?
No, but can you provide their address. Oh, and do they have free parking?
Their address is 53-57 Lensfield Road and they do offer free parking
Excellent. That's all I need.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that's it. Thank you for your help.
You're very welcome. Have a good day.
I'm looking to book a train, if you could help me.
We can definitely help you with that. Where will you be departing from, and what is your destination? 
depart from stevenage and should arrive by 15:30.
I can certainly look that up for you, what is your destination?
cambridge on teusday. book for 7 people and please  get me  reference number.
I was able to book on train TR9263  for Tuesday leaving at 05:54 and arriving at 06:43.  The total fee is 89.6 GBP and the reference number is 0QGD9JB5.
Thank you I also need to find a college to go to.
Okay, I found 18 colleges all over town. Is there a particular area you're interested in so I can narrow down your options?
Whichever you recommend is great
I recommend clare hall located at herschel road and has free entrance. 
What part of town is it in?
Clare Hall is in the west part of town. Do you need more information?
Thank you! Can you please tell me the postcode?
The postcode is CB3 9AL. What else can I help you with? 
That is everything thank you so much.
Thank you for using our services. Have we met all of your needs?
Yes, you have. Thank you.
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I'm looking for information on a hotel called worth house.
Worth House is a cheaply prices guesthouse in the north part of town. Is there more specific information you're looking for? Would you like to book a room?
I would love it if you can book me a room! I need rooms for 3 people, 4 nights beginning Friday.
I can reserve those rooms for you.
Thank you. Can you please give me a reference number?
Ok, your rooms have been booked. Your reference number is REMVO3V9. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
I'm also looking for something to do around town.
There's lots to do in Cambridge; do you have a particular activity or type of attraction in mind?
I am looking to go to a museum in the area. I will need the address, entrance fee and phone number.
What area of town would you prefer?
I would like a museum close to the centre.
I have 11 museums in the centre. Might I suggest the Regency Gallery. They are located at 39 Fitzroy Street. 
Yes. That would work. What is their phone number?
Their phone is: 01223365454. Can I help with anything else?
That was all I needed, thank you!
You're so welcome, have a great visit!
Hello, I am looking for a guesthouse to stay in and I would like it to have free parking.
Does location or price range matter?
No but it would also need free wifi.
We have 21 guesthouses all over Cambridge, I can narrow that down further if you tell me what part of town you're interested in
I need the North part of town
How about the acorn guesthouse?
has it free parking?
Yes, the parking is free. 
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
Sure can!  What day are you checking in?
i would like to check in on monday at 5:30
How many nights would you like to stay?
monday and I actually meant 17:30 and for 6 people.  Sorry, things are hectic and im a little scatterbrained.
But how many nights are you staying?
Just one please.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 2JXK0SQ0. Anything else I can help with? 
I would like the contact number an car type. 
Sure. Where would you like to go to?
I need a taxi from the hotel to the restaurant please.
I can book that for you. What time would you like to leave and what restaurant?
Oh, I seem to have forgotten to ask you about the restaurant. Can you look up Taj Tandoori for me?
Sure, their number is 01223412299
I'd like to book a table at Taj Tandoori for 6 people on Monday at 17:30
I have you booked the reference number is JQ0WQ39K. What else can I do for you?
I'll also need a taxi.
Where are you going?
I need to commute between the guesthouse and the restaurant. Make sure it arrives by the booked time and send me the contact number and car type please.
You are set, look for a white tesla, contact number is 	07013573051, any other questions?
No, that's all for today. Thank you for all your help. Have a great day!
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Can you find me an expensive restaurant that serves steakhouse food? 
unfortunately there are no restaurants that suits you. do you want to try something else?
Yes. How about a restaurant serving british food? 
I've found several British restaurants in the expensive price range. Does the area of town matter to you?
No it doesn't matter
Fitzbillies restaurant serves British food, is located in the center of town and is in the expensive price range.
May I have the phone number, please?
Certainly. The number is 01223 352500. Can I assist you any further? 
Can I have the address please?
fitzbillies restaurant is located at 51 Trumpington Street City Centre.  Can I help you with anything else? 
No, that was it. Thank you.
Thanks, have a nice day. 
I'm looking for a 3 star lodging with free parking.
I have 5 hotels that meet that criteria. What area of the city would you like to stay in?
I think I would like it near the centre. Does it have free parking? I would like the price range to be cheap but at least a 3 star hotel.
I have a listing for gonville hotel but it is expensive, I have looked in other areas and the cheapest are moderate. 
What hotels are available in the moderate price range?
I'm sorry there are no hotel that are moderate in the Centre of the city. Would you like a different part of town?
No. Are there any guest houses in that range?
I'm afraid not. Perhaps a different star rating?
I'm sorry. Could you just find me one with free parking, a 3 star, moderate. I don't care where it is located. 
There are 3 including bridge guest house.
OK, can you book me for 1 person for 5 nights starting on sunday?
Booking was unsuccessful. Want to find another hotel?
Please book a different hotel in the same price range.
Do you care whether it is in the same area or not?
No, the area is not important. Just the same price range, if you can find anything.
I have you booked at Hamilton Lodge. The reference number is TGSVA9OC. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Enjoy your stay at the hamilton lodge. Have a great day.
i want a reservation that has cheap price and should be in the east
we have 3 with your specification 
Oh, I also need it to have free parking and I want a guest house.
How about allenbell? It looks great.
Sure, please book it for 1 person for 5 nights starting on thursday.
Booking was unsuccessful. Perhaps another day or shorter stay?
how about starting on friday?
Booking was successful for Friday. Reference number is : VRX491JS.
Thank you so much!  That is all I needed.
Thank you goodbye
I'm looking for a place to eat in Cambridge. I'd like to eat light bites in the mid price range please. 
Hmmm. Nothing is coming to mind for light bites in that price range. May I suggest something else for dining?
Okay, how about some Italian food? That sounds good, too. 
Is there a certain area you prefer?
anywhere should be fine. find me the postcode, phone number and location please.
You should try Prezzo it is located at 21-24 Northampton Road in the West, post code cb30ad and their number is 0179952160. Do you need more help today?
I would like to find a room as well, with free wifi. 
We have several is there a specific area or price range you'd like me to look at?
I want a 4 star place with the same price range as the restaurant. And free parking as well.
How about Finches Bed and Breakfast?
Sure, can you book that for me? Starting friday, 2 nights, and 5 people
I apologize, but our hotel booking system is currently down.  Can I help you with something else?
That is all that I need.
I apologize for the delay.  The system is up and the booking was successful. Your reference number is GXCM3S30.
Thank you that is all I need today. Have a great day. 
Okay, I am happy to have assisted! Goodbye!
I'm looking to get some info on a hotel called cityroomz.
I've found it, would you like me to book it for you?
Yes please book it for one person for 2 nights starting friday.
Sure. Your booking was successful and I have a reference number for you. It is IBDDDIAJ.
Thank you very much for your help. Have a great day.
Thank you for using our service today.
I am looking for information on the Warkworth House.
What information are you seeking?
I need a reservation at the Warkworth house for 4 nights. Just one person, starting on Tuesday.
I am sorry that is unavailable. Can I help you find another guesthouse?
Is there another hotel available that is in the same price range?
I found one called Carolina bed and breakfast, same price range, starts and both internet and parking. Would you like me to make your reservation there?
Perfect. Could you make the same booking for me?
Booked! Reference number is: L66TSMYA.
Thank you so much for all your help!
You are welcome. Enjoy your stay.
I know we will. Thanks so much. Good-Bye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me find a restaurant that serves greek food and is expensive?
I apologize but there are no expensive greek restaurants listed, would you like to try a different food type or price range?
Do you have any Indian restaurants?
We have 14 indian restaurants in the expensive category. Do you have any more information to narrow down the search?
I do not. Is there one you can recommend?
I can recommend one for you, but first is there a particular part of town you would like to travel too?
Any part of town is fine, I just need the address and postcode of one you'd recommend.
I would recommend the Maharajah Tandoori Restaurant.  It's in the west end.  The address is 41518 Castle Street City Centre. The postcode is cb30ah. Shall I make a booking?
No, not yet, I just wanted the info.  Thanks.
You're welcome. Have a very nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a specific restaurant in Cambridge. It's called The Copper Kettle. Could you give me any information on it?
The Copper Kettle is a British style restaurant in the centre area with a moderate price range. Would you like more information?
Can I please have the phone number for them?
The phone number for The Copper Kettle is 01223365068. Would you like any more information or help booking?
I am also looking for places to go. Could you recommend me any attraction in the center?
Do you want a particular attraction type, such as museum or theatre?
Any type will do.
All Saints Church seems like a great attraction.
What type of attraction is it and what is the entrance fee?
All Saints Church is an architecture type of attraction. It is free to enter.
Thank you very much for your time.
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that's all.
Have a wonderful day! Good Bye!
I am planning a trip to see the Cambridge and County Folk Museum. What can you tell me about it?
Sure. The Cambridge and County Folk Museum is one of the oldest social history museums in the UK and offers a various and unique collection of artifacts. 
I would like their entrance fee and address please.
their address is 2-3 castle street and their entrance fee is 3.50 pounds.
Great, thanks!  Could you also help me find a modern European restaurant in the centre?
There are four places to choose from.  They range from cheap to expensive.  Do you have a preference on the price range?
I would prefer something in the moderate range. 
de luca cucina and bar would fit your needs. they are located at 83 Regent Street, phone 01223356666, cb21aw. Would you like me to book reservations for you?
Yes, make a reservation for Tuesday please
I'd be happy to! How many people and for what time would you like to dine?
3 people at 20:00 on teusday
Okay I will work on getting this done and get back to you.
Thank you. I will also need the reference number, please.
Your table has been booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Your reference number is : 0Z5IJB27. Can I be of any further assistance?
Yes, I will need a taxi from the museum to the restaurant to arrive by 20:00 on Tuesday. Can you book that for me?
Your taxi booking was successful. You will be picked up by a white audi. The contact number is 07915378958. Anything else I can do for you today?
Thank you so much for your time today. I appreciate your help! Goodbye!
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye!
I need a information of hospital in town, please.
Certainly! Addenbrookes Hospital is located on Hills Rd,  Cambridge in postcode CB20QQ. Is there a specific department you need?
No, that will be all. Good bye.
Thank you for allowing me to help you today.
I am searching for a Lebanese restaurant in the east part of town. 
There are no Lebanese restaurants in East. Do you have another food type you would be interested in?
How about Chinese food? I would like to know the address, phone number, and postcode of the restaurant.
Yu Garden is at 529 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode C.B 5, 8 P.A. The phone number is 01223 248882.
Is that in the east part of town?
Yes, yu garden is in the east part of town. 
Thank you good bye. 
Thank You
That's all I need to know, then. Goodbye.
Goodbye
What can you tell me about the the good luck chinese food takeaway?
It's an expensive Chinese restaurant in the south area of town.  Would you like their contact info?
No I would like a reservation for 5 people at 17:30 on Tuesday.
I was able to book it, reference number is L1PC8YVT
Thanks so much.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I would also like a train from leicester on tuesday too.
What time would you like to arrive?
It should arrive in Cambridge by 11:15 on the same day that I made the restaurant reservation for.
I got you 1 ticket on the tr0363 you will arrive at 10:54, and reference # is YMVY35J5, anything else?
No, I think that that is all I need.  Thank you very much!
Anytime!  Enjoy your visit.
I am looking for information on a restaurant called kohinoor.
Kohinoor, on 74 Mill Road City Centre, is a cheap Indian restaurant. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Not now. What area of town is that in?
Kohinoor is in the centre of town.
Could you give me their phone number?
Yes! The phone number for Kohinoor is 01223323639. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I will need the price range for that restaurant and the area it is in as well please.
The Kohinoor is in the centre area and in the cheap price range. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I would like to go the Fitzwilliam Museum.  Can you give me the address?
Yes, The Fitzwilliam Museum is located on Trumpington Street, postcode cb21rb.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I also want to book a taxi from the museum to the restaurant. I want to by 15:45.
Alright, a black audi will pick you up at the Fitzwilliam Museum. Your contact number is 07394385939.
Thank you! That'll be it today. Goodbye!
So happy to be of service - have a wonderful day!
I am looking for an expensive Korean restaurant. Can you tell me my options please?
Little Seoul is the only one - it's an expensive korean place in the centre. Would you like me to book it for you?
Yes, save me a table for one at 11:15 on Monday. Thanks! 
I was able to make that reservation for you. Reference Number: 3GQAM8LN. Anything more I can help with? 
Yes, I am also looking for a museum in the west side of the city.
We have several. May I suggest lynne strover gallery.
That sounds great, can I get the phone number and postcode please?
Sure thing! Their number is 01223295264. The post code is cb30aq. Anything else dear?
No,and thank you kind person for helping me!
Excellent, please feel free to contact us with any other questions you might have! Thanks and have a great day! 
Can you book a taxi for 13:45 from the royal spice.
Okay, What is your destination?
I'm going to kirkwood house.
Your car is a grey volvo, contact number is 07541606356.
Thank you very much!
Of course.  I'm glad we could help.
Do you have information on the Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge?
I do, indeed! It is located in the east, is a 2 star hotel, and has both free internet and parking.
Okay. Thanks a lot. That's all I need right now.
Alright, thank you! Goodbye!
I am looking for a cheap restaurant to have a meal.
Sure thing, do you have a type of food you'd like or a specific area you'd like to eat in?
The restaurant should be in the south, and should serve eastern European food if there is a restaurant like that.
I am sorry, there are no restaurants that meet that criteria. Can I help with anything else?
How about Portugese?
There is one, shall I book it for you?
What price range is that one?
This is a cheap one.
I need a table for 4 at 19:30 on Thursday. If that time is unavailable, please reserve for 18:30.
I have booked you a table for four people on Thursday at 19:30 at nandos. The reference number is X15NtNNN. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all the information that I needed. Thank you for your time.
Thanks for using our helpline. Hope you have a great day. 
Thank you! You too! Good Bye.
Bye, and have a great time at nandos!
Hello, I'd like to get some info about a restaurant in Cambridge!
OK, do you need information on a specific restaurant or do you want me to run a search?
I want an expensive indian restaurant, please.
I have 14 entries showing. Would you like a certain area of town or I could recommend the cocum in the west area?
I'll give the Cocum a try. Please book a table for 6 for 12:45 on Thursday.
Reference number is : HEBFPW6J. Is there anything else?
I'm looking for a 3 star hotel to stay at.
I have one in the south and one in the centre.  They are both expensive, with free parking and wifi.  Can I help you make a booking at one?
I'll go with the one in the south. I need a room for 6 people, 5 nights from thursday.
gonville hotel is a nice place ,I will book it for you 
Yes please. 
Our reservation system seems to be having trouble. In the meantime let me double check on the amenities. The Gonville is a hotel rather than a guesthouse - is that okay?
Can you try that booking now and see if it will go through this time?
Unfortunately, the booking system is still down.
Can you find a taxi for me?
What time will you need a taxi?
I need to leave the hotel and arrive at the reestaurant by 12:45
Booking was successful. Reference number is : F5HL5G1J.  is for your hotel.  
Thats it thanks
Glad I can help. Do you need anything else ?
I'm sorry, what did you say? Is that reference number for the hotel or taxi?
That's the reference number for the hotel.
Okay can you do the taxi now please?
Yes, a red skoda is booked now. The number is 07003213138
Great, that's all I need. Ta ta. 
Have a wonderful day and enjoy your trip. Goodbye.
I need a 4 star hotel on the north side.
I have 7 moderately priced properties in the north with 4 stars, and 1 cheap one. Do you have a preference for price? 
Is there anything in the expensive price range?
No, I'm sorry, there is not.
How about just moderate?
Yes, there are 7 properties fitting that description and they are all guesthouses. Would you like to book one?
Yes, which one do you suggest? 
Avalon is my favorite. When do you want to stay?
Can you book it for 4 people and 4 nights starting from saturday?
Booked! Your reference number is HWZZ651R. Is there anything else you need?
No, I believe that is everything. Thank you.
Great.  Have a good day.  Bye.
Hi, I am  looking for a cheap 4-star hotel near local restaurants.
There are many options to choose from but all of them are guesthouses except one. Do you need a hotel or can it be a guesthouse?
I don't mind what type of hotel. But it needs to be in the centre and offer free parking.
The alexander bed and breakfast is a cheap hotel in the centre area with free parking. Do you want me to book it?
Yes, please book it for 4 people and 3 nights.
Which three nights would you like me to book the hotel for?
Starting from sunday, please.
No problem. Your booking was successful for four people, starting Sunday for three days. Your reference number is 3BUQP529.
Thanks can I also get a restaurant? I am looking for one in the centre of town serving korean food
The only Korean restaurant in the center of town is Little Seoul. It's expensive, but very good. Would you like to book a table there?
No, but I will need a taxi to the restaurant. I'll need to get from the Alexander B&B to Little Seoul, leaving the hotel at 13:30.
Not a problem. You will be picked up by a white volvo, contact number 07532822307.
Thanks for you're help. May I also have the address and phone number of the restaurant.
The phone number is 01223308681 and their address is 108 Regent Street City Centre.
Thank you for all your help!
Of course, have a nice day!
Hi, I want to eat at an Indian restaurant in Cambridge. It should be on the expensive side. Do you know of any?
We have many with that criteria. What side of town would you like?
Not worried about area. Just an expensive Indian place. 
i recommend cocum. it is located in  the west side in 71 Castle Street City Centre. can i get you the phone number?
I need the post code please. 
Sure the post code is cb30ah and the phone is 01223366668.  I can reserve a table for you if you like.  Let me know.
No, thank you. I will take care of that later. Can you tell me about a place called Cambridge Arts Theatre?
Sure thing what would you like to know about it?
Specifically there address and what type of attraction is it?
It is a theatre located at 6 saint edward's passage	
Great, thanks! Can you also book a taxi for me? I'd like to leave Cocum by 17:00 to head to the theatre.
I've booked you a car, a blue skoda. Contact number is 07407252623. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No that did it, you covered everything.  
i am happy i have been of help. good day
You were so much help. You have a good day too.
I'm glad I could be of help today. Good-bye.
Yes I need to find a hotel in the north that has a star rating of 4.
I'm sorry, I'm not finding any hotels that match your requests. Would you like to try a different area?
It can be any type, not just a hotel. I also need free wifi.
I am sorry but there are no matching at all in the North.  I suggest trying another area of town.
Can you check again? Maybe check a guesthouse?
Yes we do have a guesthouse called avalon that meets your needs.  Were you looking to make a reservation?
Yes, please book for for 4 people starting monday for 4 nights.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : YEBKK7SD. anything else i can help you with?
I am also looking to eat at the Gardenia. 
Okay. I can book you a reservation. How many people will be dining and at what time?
I would like to book a table for the same group of people at 12:15 on the same day.
Success in booking!! The instructions say that the table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is DEY84BTQ. Is there anything else in which I may assist you?
That's all I need for right now.  Thanks for the help!
You're very welcome! Have a fantastic day!
i want to find a hospital in town
Addenbrookes hospital is located in town.  The address is Hills Rd, Cambridge.
I'll need the postcode and phone also please.
The telephone number is 01223245151 and the postal code is CB20QQ, is there anything else I can help with?
I'm injured so let me call the hospital. Thanks. Goodbye.
I'm sorry to hear that.  Please reply if you need any further assistance.
I need  a train that leaves for Ely on Friday.
What time do you need to travel to Ely?
I need to arrive in Ely before 11:30. I would be leaving from Cambridge. 
There are 3 trains that fit that criteria - is there a specific time you'd like to leave?
Yes, I would like to book a train that will arrive in Ely before 11:30.
TR8792 departs Cambridge at 9:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Would you like a ticket on that train?
I also need a place to stay on the north side of town that includes free parking.
We have several guesthouses, one hotel and one lodge that meet that criteria.
Do any of them have 3 stars?
Yes, the Hamilton Lodge has only three stars. It is a guesthouse in the north part of town. Would you like me to book you here?
No, but I do need the address, postcode, and phone number.
Sure, The Hamilton Lodge is located at 156 Chesterton Road, cb41da.  You can call at 01223365664.  Is there anything else I can help with?
That is all I need. Thank you.
TR8792 is the latest departing train on Friday. It departs at 9:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. Do you want to depart earlier?
I didn't need a train. I have everything I needed now. Thank You for your help.
No problem. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Looking for a museum with free entrance fees. 
I can certainly help with that. 
Oh, gosh. My daughter doesn't like the sound of that. She wants to explore the city. Can you help me find a train?
Yes, when were you planing on visiting and from where?
I'll be traveling from Leicester to Cambridge on Tuesday.
There are 19 trains that day, do you have a time you'd like to travel?
I'd like to arrive by 10:00. How long will the trip be?
The trip takes 105 minutes. I have one arriving at 09:54.
Great, thanks for that. I'm also looking for a place to stay. It should be a 4 star hotel but cheap. 
I have a few 4 star hotels in the city that are cheap. Do you have a preference for the area? 
Can you give me the address and postcode of one?
56 saint barnabas road postcode ce12de alexander bed and breakfast 
Thank you for all your information.
Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
nope that's it thanks
Ok great. Have a wonderful day.
Can I get some information on a train?
Sure, where is your destination?
I'll be departing Cambridge, and heading to Broxbourne.
What is the day of travel?
I need to leave on Monday.
Yes, there are 19 different trains. What time would you like to depart?
I just need to arrive by 16:15.
train TR9022 departs at 15:01 and arrives at 16:01. would you like me to make you a reservation?
No thank you. What is the travel time?
Travel time is 60 minutes.  What else can I do for you?
Yes, I'm also looking for a Chinese restaurant that's located in the North part of town.  Could you find one for me please?
I found 3 chinese restaurants in the north area. Two are expensive price range and one is moderate. May I make a reservation for you?
Hmm, doesn't matter.  Can you reserve a table at your favorite one?  There will be 3 of us at 11:15 the day we arrive.
I have reserved you a table at The Hotpot, and the reference number is CLZSPXUK. Anything else for you today?
Thanks for helping me. The train and restaurant are all I need for now. Goodbye.
Thank you for calling. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train that departs from bishops stortford and arrives by 12:15.
I can book you for an arrival time by 12:07 on Friday, is that a good time?
Does that train leave from Cambridge?  I need something on sunday.
Train TR1478 departs from Bishops Stortford and arrives in Cambridge by 12:07, would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes, I would need a booking for 3 people.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.24 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : G32O0XHA.
Thank you! I'm also looking for a cheap hotel. It does not need to have free parking.
Certainly, there are ten hotels. Do you have a preference of type, or area?
Yes I would like to stay on the East side of town.
We have 3 for you to choose from. Do you have any further preferences?
Yes, is there one that has free parking? 
I have 3 of them that offer free wifi in the East. I have the Autumn House, Leverton House and Allenbell. Would you like more info on one of those?
Yes book the Autumn House for 3 people for 5 nights starting Sunday. 
You're all set, you're booking reference is 8ED0YD26. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that's all. Thank you!
Okay Thank you very much for calling!
That was great service, good day to you.
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for a particular attraction called funky fun house.
Yes, it is at 8 Mercers row, with a phone of 01223304705.
Can you tell me the address?
8 Mercers Row, Mercers Row Industrial Estate. Anything else you need to know?
Actually, yes. I'm looking for a guesthouse called the arbury lodge.
Arbury lodge guesthouse is a moderate price 4 star guesthouse located north. It has free parking and internet. Would you like me to book a room?
I am planning my trip and would like to find a guesthouse to stay at.
And where would you like this guesthouse to be?
North part of town and moderate price with wifi 
How about acorn guest house?
Do they have free parking?
Yes they do have free parking. Do you need me to book you a room?
No, please get me their address and phone number.
They are on 154 chesterton road, postal is cb41da, phone number is 01223353888, can I help with anything else?
I was wondering whether there are any concerthalls in the east that I could check out.
I'm sorry. I'm not finding any concert halls in the east. Would you like to try a different area or attraction type?
How about a museum?
we have museums in the east quite a few actually how can I help you?
Just pick one.
Okay! How about Cambridge Artworks? Admission is free!
Sure, I can try that.
Ok great, is there anything else I can help you with today?
What is the postcode to that place?
The postcode for Cambridge artworks is cb13ef. Anything else I can do for you?
No thank you that will be all
You're welcome, Have a great day!
What time is the next train from Cambridge to Glastonbury?
You need to select train in order for me to look that up for you. 
Well, my daughter just said she would prefer to drive, so how about helping us find a place to eat instead. 
what type of food do you like?
I'm craving Romanian food at the moment.
I don't have any in the area. Do you have any other preferences?
What about a moderately priced Spanish restaurant?
I actually do have one of those. It is called La Tasca. It's located in the centre of town at 14-16 Bridge Street. Did you need a reservation?
I also need to find a place to go to look at architecture in the city center.
You could try all saints church	located at Jesus Lane.  Is there anything else you needed to know? 
Could you please give me the phone number and postcode for the church?
Yes their phone number is 01223452587 and their postcode is cb58bs.
What is their entrance fee? I would also like to book a taxi.
It is free to enter. Where will you want the taxi to take you to and from?
I it to come to the  restaurant and  then take meto the church.
Ok.  What time would you like the taxi to pick you up?
I would just need to arrive to the restaurant by 16:15. 
Booking completed! Booked car type	:	red lexus Contact number	:	07289428865 
Thank you, that is all I need.
Okay, great. You're welcome. Have a wonderful day. 
I'm looking for a hotel in the south, I don't need a free parking option.
Sure, do you need a hotel room or would you like a guesthouse?
It doesn't really matter to me.
Are you looking for a particular price range?
I am looking for one in the expensive price range.
We have the Lensfield hotel in the south that is in the expensive price range. Would you like a reservation there?
Sure, I need 3 nights arriving on Saturday.  There are 7 of us.
I am sorry, I could not get that booked for you maybe another day or a shorter stay perhaps?
How about 1 night?
I was able to successfully book for 1 night. Your reference number is GS8AHUYB. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
I am also looking for a restaurant in the same area that serves Italian food.
The pizza hut cherry hinton features italian food and is located in the south.
OK, can I get theie phone number and postal code?
The phone number is 01223323737 and the postcode is cb17dy.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that's everything. Thanks!
You are welcome, have a great day!
I hope that you have a great day as well!
Thank you, if you need anything else just ask.
I am looking for a cheap hotel with free parking.
I can definitely help you out with that. Is there a certain area of town you'd like to stay in?
I would prefer to be in the centre of town, and I need the hotel to include free parking.
Alexander bed and breakfast is a guesthouse in town centre in the cheap price range. It has both free parking and wifi. Would you like to book a room?
Yes, please. That sounds perfect. There will be six of us.
I will need to know how many nights and what day you will be starting your stay before we finish the booking. 
We will be arriving on Friday and staying 3 nights.
I have booked your stay at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast for Friday for 3 days for 6 people. Your reference number is DJF36WMD. Is there anything else I can help you with today.
I will need to take a train from Leicester on the same day as my hotel booking. 
All trips from leicester cost 37.8 pounds and take 105 minutes. Is there a specific time you would like to depart or arrive by?
I need to leave after 17:45 heading for Cambridge. Go ahead and book the closest time and give me the train ID and arrival time.
The train ID is TR9629, leaving at 18:09 and arriving by 19:54. Can you tell me how many tickets you would like to purchase? 
I'd like one ticket please.
Alright I've booked you one ticket, the total will be 37.79 and your reference number is PGY0G1J2. How else can I help you?
Can you please schedule a taxi to take me from the station to my hotel?
Sure, you need a taxi to  Alexander Bed and Breakfast from where, and do you have an arrival time request?
I do not. I just need the train ID and what arrival time it has. 
The train arrives by 19:54 and TR9629 is the train id. 
Thank you for your help.
Is there anything else I can help you with? Possibly entertainment or places to visit on your trip? 
I'm looking for a place to go in town to have fun. Are there any nightclubs in the west?
There are no nightclubs in the west, would another area work for you? 
How about a college in the west?
Sure, there are 5 colleges in the west part of town. How about Clare College?
What's the address of that college?
Clare College is located on Trinity Lane.  Anything else?
No, that would be it.  Thanks.
You're quite welcome! Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo Centre and have a great day!
Are there any 'touristy' and expensive restaurants in the north of town that I can go to? Thanks for any suggestions.
There are 5 restaurants in the north end, do you prefer asian food or european food?
I would prefer Asian food.
I would recommend the Saigon City for you. Should I make a booking for you and your party? 
No, I'm not sure when I'm going yet.  Can I just get the phone number? 
Sure thing 01223356555
I also want to go to an attraction in the same area as the restaurant. 
i have four, do you have any specific attraction in mind?
I would like to visit a museum or a nice nightclub in the north.
There are no museums or nightclubs in the north. Do you want to search elsewhere?
No, what attractions are available?
I have a boat, a park and 2 swimming pools available in the area you are looking for. 
The park sounds good. Can you give me the postcode? And is there an entrance fee?
Admission is free! The postcode is cb43px.
Lastly, I need a taxi from the park to the restaurant, we plan to leave the park at 10:30.
Your taxi has been booked. It will be a grey Honda and their number is 07705876562.
Thank you. That is all I need.
Thanks for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit! 
I'm looking for a restaurant in the centre of town that's in a moderate price range. Do you have any recommendations?
For which day would you like the reservation?
This sunday at 15:45.
For how many people would the reservation need?
I need it for 4 people and I would like a confirmation number. Also, can you help me find a guesthouse hotel in the area with free parking?
Alright your reservation is at Yippee Noodle Bar, 40428 King Street City. Confirmation number is 2BGIWWZ6. I'm also showing an opening at Alexander Bed and Breakfast. Is that okay?
Does the hotel include free parking and does it happen to have a 0 star rating?
It has free parking with a 4 star rating
I'm looking for a hotel with 0 stars
There are 2 guesthouses meeting your needs. One in the north and one in the centre of town. Which would you prefer?
I'd prefer the one in the centre of town .
That would be the El Shaddai, would you like to book there?
That works okay. Can I get the price range and address?
The price range is cheap, and the address is 41 warkworth street.
Yes, please book that room for me.
Will this just be for you?
Can you let me know if El Shaddai has free wifi?
Yes it does.
Great. That's actually all I need today. Thank you for your help!
You are welcome. Have a lovely day.
I'm looking for some info on a hotel called the cambrdige belfry.
This is a cheap 4 star hotel in the west.  It has internet and parking.  Are you looking to book a stay?
Yes can I get a booking for 6 people and 2 nights starting from wednesday.
The booking was successful.  Your reference number is  9GSZPI6R.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think I'm all set. Thanks!
Ok I will book that for you and get you a confirmation number
I'm looking for a mexican restaurant in the south part of town. 
Chiquito restaurant bar is located in the south part of town is in the expensive price range. Would you like additional information?
What is the phone number and price range
Chiquito Restaurant Bar is expensive. Their phone number is 01223 400170. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would like the address please. 
The address is 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry Hinton.
OK thank you. That's all for today then.
Thank you and good bye.
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge.
There are over 1000 trains coming to Cambridge. Is there a particular day, time, or point of departure that you're interested in?
I want to leave from london liverpool street on tuesday.
What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
I would like to arrive by 9:30.
Sure, the train the arrives closest to that time is TR2715, arrives at 09:07. Shall I book it, if so how many riders are there?
Just one. What is the price to book the train?
The price of the train is 16.60 pounds.
Alright, Thanks. I'm also looking for a particular hotel, it's name is Hamilton Lodge.
I have found the place you are looking for. Its address is 156 chesterton road, would you like me to book a reservation for you?
Does the Hamilton Lodge include free parking?
Yes, they have free parking as well as internet. Would you like to reserve a room?
Yes, thank you.
Of course, what will the number of guest and the duration of your stay be?
Actually, I don't need the room booked. I think we're all set here. Have a good day. 
You as well, goodbye. 
I need a place to dine, and I'd like to know what's available so far as cheap Asian Oriental food.
You must try dojo noodle bar in the centre of town!  Want a reservation?
I need to get the address please. 
Sure thing. The address is 40210 Millers Yard City Centre.
Great.  I also need a train.
Sure, I can help you with that. Where are you departing from? 
I am departing from ely to cambridge and I need to leave after 20:45 on tuesday.
great, the TR1992 leaves at 21:35. would that work for you?
Yes, please book 5 seats for me.
I will book the reservation now.
Okay thanks, I will need the reservation number. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 22 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : UAGCF8LW. Is there anything else I can help with? 
Great no. That was it. Thank you.
Happy to assist. Let me know if there is anything else you need. 
No thanks again for all of your help
Okay, thank you and goodbye! 
Hello, I am looking for a place to stay in Cambridge.
I can help with that. Do you have an area of town, or a price range in mind?
I'm not picky about the area of town or the price, but I absolutely need free wifi!
Ok, almost all of the hotels have free wifi, do you have a star rating you would like?
I don't care.
There are 32 hotels that have free wifi. Do you have any preference of price range or area, or should I choose one for you?
I would like a guesthouse type but the price range is not as important.
How about the moderately priced Rosa's Bed and Breakfast? I also have 22 other entries, if you would prefer something else.
Rosa's Bed and Breakfast sounds fine.  Can you book it for 3 people arriving on Thursday for 5 nights?
Yes I most certainly can! I have booked you into the Rosa and your reference number is 06D0FC6L.
Yes I also need to book a train for 3 people on Thursday between Bishops Stortford and Cambridge arriving by 09:00.
I have a 7:29 that gets into Cambridge at 8:07. I booked three people on this train per your instructions. The total cost is 30.29 pounds and your reference is 9AR1CBJM.
Thank you very much for your help today.
It was my pleasure. Safe travels!
I'm looking for a train out of cambridge.
Where would you like to go?
I am going to broxbourne on and need to arrive by 14:45.
What day would you be traveling.  I'd be  happy to look that up and book it for you.
I would like that to be for Wednesday and I will need tickets for 3 people please. 
Okay, the TR6167 leaves at 13:01 and arrives by 14:01. Would you like me to book this one?
Yes please, for 3 people. I also need to know if the restaurant La Minosa is still open.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 53.7 GBP. Reference number is : GKN1SECP. Unfortunately, I don't have the hours of operation for La Mimosa. But their phone number is 01223362525.
Can you book the La Mimosa for the same group of 3 people at 11:30 on Wednesday?
Yes that booking was successful and the reference number is F7EI7E4Y.
Thanks so much. Have a great day! Goodbye
If there is anything else, please contact us. Good bye. 
I've been in an accident and I'm hurt. I need the closest hospital with a teenage cancer trust unit. 
The Addenbrookes Hospital at Hills Rd, Cambridge has that unit. Anything else I can help with?
May I have the phone number for them?
Their phone number is 01223274222.
Thank you for all of your help. 
You're welcome. Was there anything else I can assist you with?
No, that will be all.
Thank you for using our service today. I hope all goes well for you.
Yeah, me too.
Please contact us again if you need further assistance. Good-bye.
I need a train to cambridge please. Departure day is Tuesday
Sure, where are you leaving from?
I will be coming from Kings Lynn.
Great!  When would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
As long as I leave after 11:30, I don't have an arrival time.  Please provide me with a train ID that would work.
Train TR8699 will leave at 12:11 and arrive in Cambridge at 12:58. Did you need more information or a ticket?
All set on that for now, but i do need info on a place called the scudamores punting co
Scudamore Punting Co is located at Quayside Punting Station, Magdalene St, Cambridge CB5 8AB
Thanks! Do you happen to know their entrance fee?
I actually don't see a price listed in our system. Do you need any other assistance?
No that is all I needed. Thank you. 
Great!  Thanks for letting us help you today!
Oh, wait, actually there is something else. Can you tell me the travel time and the price on that train we talked about?
47 minutes. 9.80 pounds.
Ok now I am done thanks
Do you need anything else today? Can I book something for you?
That was all thank you.
Thank you for choosing our service. Please call again if we can assist in any way. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a place to dine that serves welsh food.
There are none in the area that serves Welsh food, would you like to look for another type of cuisine?
Is there one that serves Italian food?
There are 15 italian restaurants. Do you have preference in food price or area?
I'd like a moderate price range, please.
I have 5 moderately priced Italian restaurants.  Do you have a preference on area, they are spread around the east, west, south, and centre.
I don't have an area preference, but I would like to book a table for 6 people at 16:45 on wednesday.
You are booked into Prezzo which is moderately priced on the west side. Your reference number is G2FIPHUL. Is there anything else?
I am also looking for a place to go, anything with architecture.
I have found 5 attractions. They are all in the centre. Would you like to visit all saints church?
That sounds great to me. Can I get the phone number, postcode, and area please? 
Sure!  The phone number is 01223452587, the postcode is cb58bs, and that is in the centre area.
Great!  I think you've covered it all.  I don't need anything else.  Thank you!
You're quite welcome. Just let us know if you need any further assistance. Have a great day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
Excellent! How can I help you? I can assist with attractions, hotels, taxis, and more.
Great.  I wanted to find a theatre to visit while I'm in town. 
Sure, I can help you with that.  What section of town would you prefer?
I don't have a preference. Can you recommend one and provide me some information on it?
The first one on my list is adc theatre located on park street. I need some more information on your preferences
ADC Theatre will work. Can you tell me what part of town that is in?
The ADC Theatre is in the center of town.
Great! Can you give me the postcode and phone number? I'd like to mark that in my notes in case I get lost. 
The phone number is 01223300085.
Can I get the postcode for that as well?
The postcode is cb58as
OK. Can you help with trains, too, or do I have to go somewhere else for that?
I can help where are you looking to go?
I will be departing from ely and going to cambridge
On what day are you planning to travel?
I am planning to leave on saturday and it should arrive by 15:30.
Do you need me to book that for you?
Yes, please. I need tickets for 8 people.
Done! Your train leaves Saturday at 13:50. The total is 28.16 Pounds, payable at the station. Your reference number is 9CUCSOE2. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you. I think I have everything I need.
I appreciated your help. Good-bye.
hello.  I'm trying to get to kings lynn on sunday.  can you help?
Of course. To be of better service can I ask your departure location and what time you would like to arrive on Sunday?
Depart from cambridge and arriving by 0930 please
TR8042 will depart cambridge Sunday at 8:11 and arrive in Kings Lynn at 8:58.  How many tickets would you like to book?
That will work, I just need 1 ticket please and also the reference number. 
I've booked it. Your reference number is 6UPAI5J3. What else can I do for you today?
what attractions do you have in the centre of town?
There are multiple types of attractions in the centre of town. What are you interested in so I can better help you? 
Something located in the city centre. Also may I have their phone number?
We have 44 entries in the area. What type would you like?
I am not entirely sure. What would you recommend?
Are you interested in archaeology? Our Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology might interest you. Or if you want to exercise, Parkside Pools would be a fun venue.
The Museum of Archaelogy and Anthropology sounds good. Can I get the phone number?
Their phone number is 01223333516
Great, that's all I need, thank you! 
Awesome, have a great day!
Hi, I'm looking for a train from Cambridge please.
Where are you traveling to?
I am leaving from Cambridge going to london kings cross.
I have several trains available.  What day would like to leave and what are your preferred arrival and departure times? 
I would like to leave on sunday and leave after 19:45.
I have a train that leaves at 21:00 and arrives  at 21:51. Would you like me to book this for you?
Sure, please book that for me, thanks. Oh, and I'm also looking for places in town to visit, particularly theatre venues.    
How many tickets did you need for the booking?
1 should be fine. also find me a theatre. i need the area, postcode, and phone number
Booking was successful, the total fee is 18.88 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : 9USR2RCX. Where would you like the theater to be?
It depends on what theatre you recommend. 
How about the mumford theatre in the centre?
That sounds great. Can you get me the postcode and phone number for it?
Yes, Mumford Theatre is in the town centre at post code cb11pt.  The phone number is 08451962320.  Can I help with anything else today?
That is everything, thank you.
I am happy I could be of help. Take care. Goodbye. 
I was in a car accident and have a dispute with the other driver so please contact the police and tell them I need help.
The cops are on the way. What is your location? Is anyone hurt? 
No, I just need their phone number.
The phone number is 01223358966.
Thank you much, goodbye.
I hope the police are able to help you resolve the situation. If there's anything else I can do to help just let me know.
I am looking for a place to stay. The hotel should be in the type of guesthouse and should be in the cheap price range
There are 9 cheap guesthouses in Cambridge.  To help narrow it down, is there a part of town you prefer?
Not really. I'd like a 4 star guesthouse, though, is that possible? 
There are seven that fit. Might I suggest the alexander bed and breakfast?
I think I have heard of that.  Can you just get me an address?
Absolutely! The Alexander Bed and Breakfast is located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road. Would you like me to book your stay?
No. I do need some options for Entertainment sort of attractions. In the centre of town. 
I have many ideas such as architecture, museums, theaters etc. Do you have a preference?
Museums or theaters, thank you.
I recommend the Broughton House Gallery. Would you like more information?
Actually, what colleges do you recommend?
Downing College looks nice, do you need to know anything else?
Could you give me the phone number and address for Downing College please?
The phone number is 01223334860. The address is regent street, post code cb21dq. May I help with anything else?
No, that will be all, thanks.
Thank you for contacting us and have a nice day. 
I am looking for a place to go while in Cambridge. I would like something to do with boats? Do you have that?
There are four different locations related to boating, is there any specific area you're looking to go to?
No there is not, just please provide me with the address of one that you recommend.
The Cambridge Punter, the address is 251a Chesterton Road, post code cb41as. Would you like to know any more info on boats in Cambridge?
I'm looking for a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse that's expensive.
There are not any expensive guesthouses in Cambridge. Would a moderately priced guesthouse suffice?
No. I really need an expensive one with 4 stars.  I don't care about the area. Can you check again for me?
Unfortunately there are no guesthouses that match your request.  If you are willing to stay at a hotel, I have 2 expensive 4 star options.
Do you have cheap guesthouse with 4 stars available?
We have 5 guesthouses that is all in the cheap price range. All have free internet and parking. 3 in the eastside, 1 west, and 1 centre. 
Can you book the one in the centre for 7 people for 3 nights starting Monday?
Unfortunately the Alexander bed and breakfast guesthouse is unavailable for that date range.   Would you like to see if another day is available or book for a shorter stay?
Can you try booking for one night, instead?
Booking was successful.  Your reference number is 5HDLTHO7.
I also need to arrange for a taxi to leave from the hotel and get to Cambridge Punter.
What time do you need the taxi?
I want to leave the hotel by 11:15.
I have confirmed booking your taxi, a grey toyota will be picking you up.
Can I get a contact number for that?
Their number is 07069671908.
Thank you very much for all your help.
No problem.  Glad to help.
i am looking for a particular attraction. Its name is called soul tree nightclub.
The Soul Tree Nightclub is located in the area of centre.  It has an entrance fee of 4 pounds.  The phone number is 01223477900.  Anything else?
I hear its a pretty cool place. Can I get their postcode please? 
The postcode is cb23qf. Do you need anything else?
Yeah, I need a place to stay on the south side.  4 stars if possible.
We have two guesthouses that are 4 stars in the south end, The Aylesbray Lodge Guest House is moderately priced, and Rosa's Bed and Breakfast is in the cheap range.
Can you book me a stay at The Aylesbray Lodge? 
Sure! How many are staying, how many days, and what day do you want the stay to start?
No I just need the postcode, phone # and if they have internet
Postal is cb17sr, they do include internet and they can be reached at 01223240089, can I help with anything else?
That was everything, thanks a lot!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
You have a great day as well!
Thanks for using our services.
I need a taxi, please.
I'd be happy to assist you today. I'll need a little bit of information from you - let's start with what time you'd like to leave/arrive?
I need to get to restaurant two two by 5:15
Ok, I need a little bit more information, where will your taxi be departing from?
I want to be picked up at Williams Art and Antiques.
Your taxi is booked: a blue volvo with the contact number of 07690471186.
I look forward to the ride. Thank you.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No, that will be all. Thanks very much.  
You're welcome. Thank you for using the TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
Am looking for the Addenbrookes Hospital.
I can assist you with that.  Addenbrooks hospital is located at Hills Rd, Cambridge. Can I help you with anything else?
I need their phone number, please.
Sure! the phone number is 01223245151.
Thanks, that's all I need for now. Goodbye.
Thank you goodbye
I want an expensive restaurant in the South.
I found a  few choices for you. Would you be interested in Chinese, Indian, Italian, or Mexican cuisine?
Mexican will would great. I need a reservation for 2 at 19:30 on Monday.
Your reservation is booked at Chiquito Restaurant for 19:30 on Monday. The restaurant is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park, Cherry Hinton Road in Cherry Hinton. Your reservation number is SLYNF4LH.
Thank you! That's all that I needed.
Wonderful. Have a good visit.
Actually, I am also looking for places to go in the same area as Chiquito Restaurant is.
We have several. Would you be interested in a museum, a park or a theatre?
A museum would be great. Could I have the address of one you suggest?
the byard art museum offers free entrance fee
That sounds great. May I have the address, please?
The Byard Art Museum is located at 14 King's Parade. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes can you book me a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the museum? 
Your taxi reservation has been confirmed on a white skoda. Their contact number is 07558835298. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, will there be any theater performances on the next night, Tuesday?
If you want to stay in the south, there is the Junction on Clifton Way. There are also 4 theatres in the center of town. Do you want more information?
Actually that is all I need. thank you for you're help.
You're welcome, have a great day.
I would like to find a place to stay next weekend
Sure, what day would you like to begin your stay and how long will you be staying?
I just am looking for a place to stay in the north that includes free parking and should be a guesthouse.
I have cheap and moderately priced guesthouses in the centre.  What would you like, cheap or moderate?
Price doesn't matter. I need it for 3 people for 2 nights, starting thursday. Can I get the reference number?
Alright, I have booked you at Home from Home for two nights, reference number OASAAHHB.
Thank you so much. I'm also looking for a good museum in town.
Sure, how about the broughton house gallery?
Is that in the centre area and a museum? If it is please let me know the address, phone and entrance fee. 
Yes, it is. The address is 98 king street, the entrance fee is free, and the phone number is 01223314960.
Thank you so much for all your help!
We are happy to help. Do you have anything else you'd like assistance with?
No, that's all I needed. Goodbye!
Thank you! Have a wonderful day!
Can you help me with train schedules?
I certainly can. What did you have in mind? 
I am looking for trains that depart from cambridge and go to broxbourne.
We've got several trains going that route.  Is there a particular day or time you need?
I need to go on Friday.
What time will you be departing from cambridge? Also what time do you need to arrive in broxbourne by?
I just need to arrive by 18:30, the departure time doesn't matter.
I have several that arrive before 18:30. I have one that arrives at 16:01, 17:01, and 18:01. They all leave an hour before arrival time and are 17.90 pounds. 
Can you book the train that will arrive at 18:01 and I need 4 tickets.
Your booking was successful and the total fee is 71.59 GBP, which is payable at the station. Your reference number is D3L643YZ.
Thanks. I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the north. 
How about the acorn guest house?
Does it offer free wifi? I'd also like it to have 4 stars. 
Yes, it fits all those needs. 
Great.  Please book it for 2 nights starting on Wednesday.
How many people will be staying?
There will be a party of four.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 8P7QUDHW.
thanks for helping.
You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?
No that was all thank you so much. 
excellent, have a great day!
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Catalan food in any price range.
Where would like it to be located?
It does not matter. 
Do you have a certain price range?
no, I don't care 
I'm sorry, but there are no restaurants serving Catalan food.
Is there a restaurant that serves international food? Can you give me the address?
There are three. How about the varsity restaurant, their address is 35 Saint Andrews Street City Centre
I will try that one.  Thank you and good bye.
Thank you for calling this system. Goodbye.
I am looking to visit some places of interest while I am in Cambridge. Perhaps some colleges?
There are 18 colleges that match. Do youhave any preferences in terms of locations?
Yes, I'd like more information on one in the centre area please.
There are many options. May I suggest Christ's College?
That sounds good. May I have the postcode, phone number and address.
Christ's college is at saint andrew's street, no fee, phone number 0122333490, postcode cb23bu.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need information on the Aylesbray Lodge Guest House, please.
Sure. The guesthouse is a 4 star hotel located in the south part of town. It is moderately priced and offers free wifi and free parking.
That is good. Can I please book it?
Of course! How many guests will be visiting and how many days would you like to stay? When would you like to begin your stay?
Before booking, what are some interesting sites to visit that are in the north area?
In the north we have riverboat georgina, milton country park, jesus green outdoor pool, and kings hedges learner pool. Are you interested in learning more about any of these?
What is the entrance fee for the Milton Country Park?
The entrance fee for the Milton Country Park is free. Are you interested in learning about other sites in the north?
The Milton Park will do wonderfully, I will need a cab.
Thank you for the information. I will call a cab presently. Enjoy your stay at The Milton, it was a pleasure.
Give me an expensive japanese place to eat in the centre of the town please. 
There is one place called Wagamama.  Great food.  Can I book a table for you?
That sounds good.
Can you give me the number of people, the time, and the day you would like to go, please? 
I would like to book for Saturday at 12:15 for 3 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 75RU4Q1L.
Thank you so much. Can you help me find a 2 star hotel with free parking?
There are three hotels that meet that criteria. Do you prefer a certain price range or part of town?
No, I just need to know if they have internet and I need their postcode.
The Ashley hotel has free parking and internet. It is rated 2 stars. Their postal code is cb41er. May I help with something more?
Thanks, you've been helpful! That's it for me. Bye!
It was my pleasure to assist you! Til next time!
Hi, I am looking for information on a place to stay.
Sure, are you looking for anything specific?
Yes a four star hotel that is cheap. 
The Cambridge Belfry is a cheap hotel with a 4 star rating.  It's at Back Lane, cambourne.  Can I book it?
Is that a guesthouse? That is the type I am looking for.
There are 7 guest houses that are cheap, which part if town did you have in mind?
I don't care about price. I just need a place to stay in the north that's 4 stars.
There are eight guesthouses in the north. I recommend home from home it has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book that? 
Yes, I would appreciate it if you would book that. 
Can you tell me the day, number of nights and how many guests please? 
Our stay will start on Tuesday for 4 nights. Our party includes 8 people.
Okay, your booking was successful. The reference number is DB9C3OVK. Can I help you with anything else?
Great, that's all I need, thanks so much for your help! Have a great day!
Will you need a restaurant booking or attraction information? I can also help with transportation.
no that will be all. 
Thank you and have a great day.
I'm going to be in town and am looking to book my departing train out of Cambridge.  Can you let me know the times of trains on Sunday? 
What is your destination?
Stansted Airport I need to be there by 13:15. 
I have train TR5985 arriving at 13:08 is that okay?
That would be great - can you give me the price and departure time?
The departure time is 12:40. Do you just need 1 ticket booked?
No I still need the price.
The price is 8.08 pounds. Would you like to me book a seat?
No, I'll do that tomorrow.  Could you help me with some places I could visit in the town centre?
We have many attractions in the town centre. Do you have a specific type of attraction in mind?
I just want somewhere to spend some quality time with family.  Do you have a recommendation?
Yeah, I would suggest the old schools.
Which one would you suggest?
i said old school. its entrance is free.
Can I have the postcode?
You got it. The postcode for old schools is cb21tt
Thank you that is all I needed. 
You are welcome. Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre regarding trains and attractions. Goodbye.
I want a restaurant in the city centre that serves Italian food.
There are nine listings available. What price range were you interested in?
I am interested in a restaurant that is in the expensive price range.
Clowns Cafe is a restaurant in the city centre with that price range. Would you like to make a reservation?
Sure! How close is the Cafe from my current location?
The Clowns Cafe is in the centre area. Would you like me to book you a reservation?
Yes, please. I'd like a table for 6 at 18:45 on Friday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : F29AMXP7.
I also need to HOTEL to stay at in the centre.
There are 3 hotels in that area. Would you prefer a moderately priced or expensive hotel?
No price range, it doesn't have to have internet though.
cityroomz is moderate with 0 stars, gonville hotel has 3 stars and is expensive, university arms is also expensive and has 4 stars?  Will any of these do?
Are they all hotels or guesthouses?
They are all hotels. Is this acceptable?
Sure can I get one with free wifi please?
They all have free wifi. Is there a star rating you prefer?
No just book me rooms for six people for two nights.
Non of the hotels were available for 2 nights starting on Friday. Would you prefer another date or area.
Can you book me a room for 1 night instead?
Your booking at cityroomz was successful, reference number is SEIH4HYO
Thank you. I would also like a taxi to commute between the hotel and restaurant.
Would you be departing from the restaurant or the hotel? And when would you like to leave?
I will be departing from the hotel and going to the restaurant. I need to be there in time for my reservation.
Wonderful, your taxi is booked. It will be a yellow ford and the contact number is 07822741112. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it thanks!
You're welcome. Have a wonderful time!
Hi! Can you give me some information on the Royal Spice restaurant?
Of course! It's a cheap Indian restaurant in the north at Victoria Avenue Chesteron cb41eh. The phone number is 01733553355. May I help with anything else?
I would like to book for two on Wednesday, at 17:15.
I have you booked Wednesday at 17:15 a table for 2, this table will hold for 15 mins and your reference number is GXO64LG8.
Great, thanks!  That's all I needed!
You're welcome! Have a great day. Goodbye.
I'm planning a trip to Cambridge and will need a place to stay. I prefer a guesthouse with 3 stars and should include free wifi.
There are three hotels which meet your needs, any preferences in area?
Are any of those guesthouses? I don't really care for hotels. 
All three of the places I mentioned are guesthouses.  One is in the south, one is in the north, and one is in the west.
Could you see if you could book me a room in one that is moderately priced?
Which area would you prefer?
I do not care,  book it for 3 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
OK, you have a room booked at the Hamilton Lodge, ref#6ZQBEZBT. Is there anything else I can help you find today?
Actually, yes. I am wanting to find out some information on the Jesus Green Outdoor Pool. 
Sure! The jesus green outdoor pool is located between victoria road and the river and the phone number is 01223302579.
Ok that is all I need today. Thanks, good bye. 
Okay glad I could help.
Please find a European restaurant in the centre.
We have 4 european and 4 modern european places in the centre with various price ranges, anything i can do to narrow that down for you?
Yes, I need something in the moderate price range
riverside brasserie is found at the center on Doubletree by Hilton Cambridge Granta Place Mill Lane. Could you like a booking?
Yes. Please book me a table for Thursday at 19:00 for 5 people.
Your reference number is JNLUQCWP.
Great, we are meeting friends at wandlebury country park before we eat, can you tell me about that place and where it is?
Wandlebury is a lovely park on the south side. Their address is quite the mouthful: Wandlebury Ring, Gog Magog Hills, Babraham.
Okay thank you very much.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will need a taxi to get from the park to the restaurant.
What time will you need the taxi to be there by?
By 19:00. 
Your taxi reservation departing from wandlebury country park going to riverside brasserie is complete. The cary type will be a red honda and the contact number is 07286033047
Thats everything I needed thanks for the help!
You are very welcome have a nice day.
Can you find me a very nice hotel in the west? Money is not an issue.
There are 4 hotels that match those criteria. How about Hobson's house?
That should work fine. Book it for me please.
How many days will you be staying?
I will be staying for 5 days. Can you book the Hobson house for me for 5 people please?
What day will you start staying?
I'll be arriving on Sunday.  Please send me the reference number for this stay.
It doesn't look like there's any availability for your stay. Would you like to try a different day or length of stay?
Yes, let's try for 4 nights instead.
That works. Your reference number is ICQWVQL9. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Yes I'm also looking for a place to dine. I would like the same price range as the Hotel
there's over one hundred restaurants i've found, what type of cuisine would you like?
I'm looking for modern European cuisine.
Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop is a very nice, expensive restaurant in the center of town. Would you like a table there?
Can you find a modern European restaurant in the West?
I am sorry, but there are no modern european restaurants in the west, could I book you in a restaurant in another area?
Is there anything in the south?
Restaurant Alimentum is a moderate priced restaurant located in the south. Would this be okay?
Are there any expensive modern European restaurants?
I have expensive restaurants in the center. Would those suit you?
No the west would suit me 
I'm sorry, we seem to be having some confusion. Please restate your criteria for the restaurant, and I'll do my best to help you.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the west of town that serves modern European dishes.
I'm sorry, there are no expensive Modern European restaurants in the west side of town. 
Alright, thank you. Goodbye.
I'm sorry I couldn't be of more help. Have a good day.
I need to go to broxbourne on monday
Okay, not  problem. Would you like to travel by train or taxi? Where are you departing from?
Train, Monday, to Broxbourne from Cambridge. 
Is there a time you need to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave Cambridge after 21:15
There are two trains you can take on Monday, either the 22:01 (arrive 23:01) or the 23:01 (arrive 24:01). Which train do you prefer?
Thank you that will work fine for me and my husband
Would you like me to book the 22:01?
Yes that would be great, and it'll just be me. Could you also find me a place to stay?
The booking was successful your reference number is UNUTWNQN and the total is 17.89 GBA. I can is do you have a price range and what area?
I'd like to stay in an expensive three star place with free parking. Is there anything like that?
I have 2 options  - I would like to suggest the gonville hotel at gonville place. Is there anything else I could help you with? 
The Gonville Hotel sounds ok can you provide the the telephone number and do they have internet?
The Gonville does offer both free parking and free internet. You can reach them at 01223366611. Is there anything else I can help with? 
Ss the gonville hotel a hotel and not a guesthouse?
The gonville is a hotel, not a guesthouse. Would you like a booking?
Not right now.  Thank you.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, that will be all, thanks. 
Thank you for using our service and enjoy your visit. Goodbye. 
I want to leave on staurday to go to kings lynn
What time did you want to travel?
I would like to leave Cambridge to arrive in Kings Lynn by 18:15.
Okay, the TR2840 leaves at 17:11 and arrives by 17:58. Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes that sounds great. I need to book one for 4 people.
The total came 31.36 GBP payable at the station.  Your reference number is CKK48SQO.  Anything else?
Can you help me find a restaurant that is moderately priced?
Sure, you have a cuisine I'd like to eat, or area of town you want to dine in?
I'd love some Scandinavian food? 
I'm sorry, but there are no scandanavian restaurants that are moderately priced. Would you like to change your price range or the type of food?
What about Turkish food?
yes! there is anatolia or efes restaurant.
Could I get the contact info for that?
efes restaurant is at King Street city centre, postcode is cb11ln and the phone is 01223500005, can I help with anything else?
Yes, let's book a table for four there at 13:00 on the same Saturday.
I have you booked. Reference number is : U8RPPC0C. 
Thank you that is all I need today. 
You're welcome!  Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a great day!
Hello, have you heard of the Royal Spice Restaurant by chance?
I have! It serves indian food in the north part of town. Would you like more information?
Can you book it for 4 people at 13:15 on wednesday?
I have successfully booked you a table for 4 at 13:15.  The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  The reference number is PRXYMNLC.
Thanks so much. Could you also help me find a train, for that same day?
Sure. There are many trains that day, do you have a specific destination and departure time in mind?
The same day as the restaurant booking I am going to cambridge and need to arrive there by 09:30.
Okay, where would you like to leave from?
I would like to leave from Stevenage
I've got the TR8723 leaving Stevenage and arriving in Cambridge by 08:43.  Would that work?
yes that sounds great. Can I get a reference number for that please
How many tickets would you like me to book?
I would like you to book me four tickets.
I was able to book you 4 tickets on that train. Your reference number is Y381CZMK. Is there anything more I can help with? 
I think you took care of everything. Thanks. Take care now. Bye bye. 
You're quite welcome, have a lovely trip!
I'm looking for places to go to in the east part of town.
Did you have a certain type of place such as a museum you would like to visit?
What do you recommend ?
I would recommend one of the four museums in the east.
Yes please can you recommend one of those. 
I recommend the Cambridge Museum of Technology, which is located in the East area. The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Do you need more information?
Yeah, can I get the postcode? 
Yes, the postcode is cb58ld.  Could I help you with anything else? 
I also need to find a train leaving on monday after 8:45
Oh no!  We have no trains that day.  Would a different day or time work?
I need a Monday train. Leave after 08:45. I am sure there is a train. 
Are you looking for a train to bring you to Cambridge? Where are you departing from?
I'm flying into Stansted Airport and I'd like a train in to Cambridge. My flight arrives at 08:45, so something after that. It'll just be me. 
The next available train will depart at 09:24, shall I book that for you?
Thank you! Please book it for 1, and send me the reference number.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is OO7SVBQE.
Perfect. Thank you. That's all I need at this time.
Great. Please call again if you need anything else. Have a great day. Goodbye!
Hello, I'm looking for some sports arenas to go to in Cambridge that's located in the centre. I like all different sports, so please tell me everything that is available. 
I don't have any sports located in the centre. May I try a different area?
What about boats instead?
the cambridge punter is located in 251a chesterton road,cb41as. can i give you the phone number?
I don't need the phone number.  Thank you.
Is there anything else I can do to assist you today? 
I am also looking for any information you might have on Gonville Hotel. 
The gonville hotel is an expensive 3 star hotel in the centre that offers free wifi and parking. Would you like a room?
Yes can you book that please?
Yes, I can. When would you like to begin your stay? How many people will be staying? How many days will you be staying?
Actually, I just need their phone number, please.
Their phone number is 01223366611
I'd also like to book a taxi to go between the two places.
What time would you like to leave or arrive by?
I need to leave the attraction by 6:15. 
Where are you departing from? What is your destination?
I'm going to be headed from the Cambridge Punter back to the hotel.
Name of hotel please. I want to be sure to get correct destination.
Gonville Hotel. Could I get the contact number and car type please?
You're all set! You will be traveling in a yellow BMW and their contact number is 07947856262 should you need to contact them.
Thanks so much for all your help! That will be all for me today.
You're welcome. It was a pleasure assisting you. Good-bye.
I am looking for informTIOn in cambridge
sure, what would you like to know?
I apologize, I should have let you know before, I need a train from bishops stortford to cambridge, on sunday.  I need to arrive by 14:45.
TR0275 will leave at 13:29 and arrive by 14:07. Would you like to buy tickets?
Yes, could you make a booking for 3 people?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 24.24 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : GI56QB11. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the centre. 
what type of food do u prefer?
Any food will do, whatever you recommend. Please book something for Sunday at 18:45 for 3 people.
how about the cambridge chop house? or midsummer house restaurant?
The first is good. Need it for Sunday, 18:45, 3 people. 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : YYSLEJ0H.
Great! Thanks very much!
Thank you for calling Cambridge TownInfo centre! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That's it! Thank you for your help!
You are welcome, call me if you need anything else.
Can you tell me about a place called Primavera?
Absolutely! Primavera is a museum in the centre. Would you like me to give your their address and telephone number? 
You say it is a museum... Can you tell me more about the exhibitions that are currently showing?
Unfortunately, we don't have that information available. I am sure if you call them they can provide that information to you. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am looking for a train going to stansted airport and leaving form cambridge
There are trains almost every hour; do you have a departure or arrival time in mind?
Yes, I need one on Wednesday that arrives by 13:15, is there anything available?
There are five trains that fit the criteria, would you like me to book it for you?
I need a travel time and train ID for the last train to arrive at stansted airport before 13:15.
The train ID is TR0644.  It leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08 for a total travel time of 28 minutes.
Perfect!  That is all I needed.  Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a great day. Good bye.
I've got a craving for some pasta. Can you find me a good Italian restaurant on the west side of the city?
I have two different ones that are great. One is cheaper and the other is moderately priced. Do you have a preference? 
Yes, definitely the cheap one.
That's the la margherita. Do you want me to book a reservation?
Yes, please! I'd like it for 15:15 on Thursday for 7 people.
Booked! Reference number: S22TYNUQ. The table is reserved for 15 minutes.
Great. I also need a train to stevenage.
Yes, there are 70 different options  Do you have a preference for day, and time?
Yes, I'd like to leave Cambridge on Friday, sometime after 12:30.
There is a train that leaves at 1:21pm and arrives at 2:10pm. Do you want me to book?
That won't be necessary.
Is there anything more I can help you with? 
No, that will be all thank you for your help.
Thank you so much for using our services! Goodbye.
I'm trying to find a nightclub in the centre of town.
We have 5 nightclubs located in the centre of town. Are you looking for a particular nightclub or do you want a recommendation?
Could you give me a recommendation as well as the entrance fee? 
ballare has a 5 pound entrance fee.
I need a train departing from london liverpool street.
What day and time would you like to travel?
I will need it on Friday and intend to arrive by 12:00.
Sure, I can help you with that.  What day were you wanting to travel? 
I would like to travel on Friday. 
The TR0637 will get you into Cambrdige by 11:07. Will that work for you?
may i have the train ID and price please ?
You already have the Train ID from previous conversations, but the price is 16.60 pounds.
Thanks. Thats all I needed. Goodbye. 
Thank you for choosing the Cambridge TownInfo Centere. I hope you use us again.
Hi! Are there any asian oriental restaurants in the center of town?
I have 4 different options for you. Did you prefer a certain price range?
Something moderately priced would be great. 
The yippee noodle bar is an asian oriental restraunt in the town centre with a moderate price. Would you like to make a booking?
Yes I need a table for 4 on Saturday.
What time shall we make that booking for?
16:30 please. 
Okay, I successfully booked that table for you at 1630 for your party. Please arrive on time, as the table is only reserved for 15 minutes.Your reference number is LSAY2YOX.
Thank you. I think that's everything I need.
You're welcome! Have a nice day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train from Stevenage to Cambridge
What day do you need the ticket for? Trains leave every hour. 
I am travelling on Monday and need to leave after 16:30.
The TR0244 leaves at 17:21 and arrives by 18:10.  Would you like this one?
Yes please. What is the cost for this train?
My apologies. The train ID is TR0254 not TR0244. The cost is 12.80 pounds per ticket. Can I book a ticket for you?
Yes, that would be great. Please book for 6 people.
Yes that booking was successful and your reference number for the trip and tickets is PENZQ430. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No, I think I'm all set. Thank you for your help!
Thank you for using this system!
Hello, I need information for the nearest police station please.
The telephone is 01223358966 and the address is Parkside, Cambridge. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Can I have the postcode please?
The postcode is CB11JG. Can I help you with anything else?
No, thank you for your help.
You are welcome.  Please let us know if there's anything else we can assist you with in the future.
Will you help me find a portuguese restaurant in the east please?
I'm sorry, I couldn't find any Portuguese restaurants in the east. Shall we look in a different part of the city instead? 
Are there any that are in the expensive price range?
I'm sorry. There are no expensive Portuguese restaurants in the city.  There is, however, a cheap Portuguese restaurant in the south and another in the centre.  Do either of those interest you?
How about a restaurant that serves British food then?
Graffiti is an expensive British restaurant on the west side. It's a fantastic place. Would you like to book a table there?
Yeah. That sounds good. Can you book it for 4 people at 19:30 on wednesday?
Booked! Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: NMC7VCAK. 
Great!  I am also looking for information about a train. Can you help me with that?
Yes I can what time will you be departing and from what location?
I would like to go from Cambridge to Ely on Thursday. 
Ok, the first train leaves at 05:50 and every two hours after from there, the irde takes 17 minutes and the cost is 4.40 pounds.
That's all I need.
Would you like me to reserve your train tickets?
Yes please. I'll need a departure time, travel time, and price. Thank you. 
The TR1923 departs form Cambridge at 09:50 and arrives in Ely at 10:07. The travel time is 17 minutes, and the cost is 4.40 pounds. How does that sound?
That sounds perfect, thank you.
Great! Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that is all I need today, thank you.
Let me know if you need more help, bye. 
Hello, I heard Cambridge has some really awesome Indian restaurants so I'd love to try one of them please. An expensive one.
I have a number of indian restaurants available, do you want to go to a particular area of town?
I would love to dine in the west.
One of the best Indian restaurants in all of Cambridge - Tandoori Palace - is in the west. Would you like to book a table there?
Yes, for 6 at 13:00 on tuesday. Thank you. 
Your reference number is 991XH2UA. Do you need anything else?
I need a hotel in the expensive price range with a star of 3
I have two such hotels, one in the center and one in the south. Do yo have a preference?
I prefer something with free wifi. I don't want to stay in a guesthouse and prefer a hotel.
great, there is the gonville hotel and the lensfield hotel. in the centre and south respectively.
Do those hotels have free parking?
Both of the hotels have free parking.
Thank you. That's all I need.
May I further help you with booking?
no that is enough for today
Enjoy your visit to Cambridge
Hey, is there any good italian food on the eastside?
There is pizza hut fen ditton. Would you like the address?
Sure, and also what is the phone number?
their phone number is 01223323737 and are situated 	Cambridge Retail Park Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, cb58wr
Thank you. I also need information on  sidney sussex college
their phone number is 01223338800 and are located on sidney street, postcode cb23hu and admission is free.
Hello. I'm looking for the nearest police station.
The address to the police is Parkside, Cambridge. 
I also would like the postcode.
The postcode is CB11JG
All right, thank you very much for your help.
You are welcome. May I help you with anything else?
No that is all I need, have a good one good bye. 
Thank you for using our services.
I would like to find a train leaving on Thursday. 
I'd be happy to help you with that. Where are you departure and arrival locations?
I will be leaving from Kings Lynn, traveling to Cambridge.
We have nineteen trains available that day. What time would you like to leave by?
Anytime after 13:30 would be great. 
Okay the TR2162 leaves at 14:11. 
What's the arrival time for that train?
That train arrives at 14:58. Will that work for you?
As long as it leaves after 13:30, yes.
It leaves at 14:11. Would you like to book it?
Not right now. I'm also looking for an entertainment attraction on the east side of town. I'll need their phone number and postcode.
Okay we have two. The Cherry Hinton Hall and Grounds and Funky Fun House. 
Can you send me the phone number and postcode for the Funky Fun House?
the phone number is 01223304705 with post code cb58hy
Thank you. That's all I need for now. Good-bye.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I'd like to visit a college in the centre of town. Could you help me find one?
Yes, I can.  I have 13 different colleges that I can recommend in the centre of town. A popular option is Christ's College.  
Oh that sounds good. May I have their address, postcode, and entrance fee, please?
Yes their address is saint andrew's street and their postcode is cb23bu and admission to the college is free.
Fantastic! Could you also find me a train that goes to bishops stortford and arrives by 21:15?
Where will you be departing from?
Cambridge is my departure point, and I want to travel on Wednesday.
Is there a time you want to leave after?
No.  I'm open to departure time. Can you list the train ID and travel time?
The TrainID is TR4404 and the total travel time is 38.
What's the price?
The price for a ticket is 10.10 pounds.
Okay, thanks so much! Goodbye
Goodbye. Have a nice day.
Could you help me locate a 4 star lodging on the north side of town?
Sure. How about the avalon? They also have free internet as well.
Sure that would be lovely.
Alright, for how many people and for how long would you like to book this? 
Can I get it for 3 people, 4 nights and we will be there Thursday. Thank you
I was unable to get you that booking, perhaps a different day or length of stay?
Sure, how about a different hotel in the same price range? 
There are 7 guest houses in the same price range . Archway house and Arbury Guest House are on the same road. Would you like me to book one?
Yes please book it for me.
I was able to successfully book you, your reference number is IJ54OOHX, may I assist with anything else?
Thank you so much for your help.
I am happy I was able to confirm your booking. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
No. That is all I need. Thank you so much!
You're welcome. Good-bye.
What trains are available going to Stevenage on Wednesday?
There are a total of 10 trains traveling to Stevenage on Wednesday. Is there a particular departure location you are interested in?
Yes, from Cambridge and it should leave after 15:45 if possible.
There are trains every other hour on the :21. Would you like tickets for the 17:21 train?
Okay, for 6 people, please.
Your booking was successful for the TR1165, reference number RLC6RDDL. Can I help you with anything else?
I'd also like a place to dine. I want it to be latin american and cheap.
There are no cheap Latin American restaurants nearby. Would you be interested in a different type of cuisine?
How about a place that serves asian oriental food?
There are two asian oriental restaurants in your price range in the centre, Dojo Noodle Bar and J Restaurant. Which would you prefer?
I think I'll go with Dojo Nooodle Bar. What is the address?
Dojo Noodle Bar is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre. Their postcode is cb21rq. 
Great, thank you!
Of course! Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
That is everything I needed. Thank you very much for your help. 
Thank you for using our system.
I'd like to find a train Tuesday departing from Leicester.
I have 19 trains departing on tuesday from leicester, I can narrow it down a bit if you have a preferred time to leave at or arrive by.
I would like to leave after 11:15. 
I have many available. Is your destination Cambridge or do you have another location in mind?
Yes I would like to go from leicester to cambridge and leave after 11:15 please. 
The first available train leaving after 11:15 would be train TR4354 which departs at 12:09 and arrives at 13:54. Would you like me to book you a ticket for this train?
Yes I'll need 4 tickets please.
Perfect. I was able to book for tickets on that train and your reference number for the journey is PLYNP1VG. Anything else I can help you with?
No, you have been very helpful. Goodnight.
Okay enjoy your visit.
Hi, can you help me find a restaurant in the centre area?
Of course! There are 69 restaurants in the centre. What type of food would you like?
I'm in the mood for italian food. Which is your favorite?
Sure, how about stazione restaurant and coffee bar. Can I make a reservation for you?
Great.  Can you book a table for 1 on Saturday at 12:45?
Your table is reserved. Reference number I40Q0GZM.
Terrific! You are great, please send me all this information to my e-mail, thanks.
You're welcome, was there anything else you need?
No I have everything I wanted to know. Thanks very much.
You're welcome, enjoy your meal. 
Thanks. I will.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Have a fantabulous day!
Can you help me find a hotel in the North part of Cambridge?
I have two moderately priced hotels in the north for you.  The Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Would you like me to book one?
Does it have internet?
They do both have internet.
I would like to book the Ashley Hotel.
Great I can take care of that.  How many people?  How long will you be there and when will your stay start?
There will be 7 of us arriving Sunday.  We will be staying 3 nights.
I was able to book the room for you the reference number is HQKA3TBW. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I am needing a restaurant that is the same price range as my hotel and in the same area.
There are two; The Golden Wok which is a Chinese place, and The Nirala, with Indian cuisine. Which would you prefer?
I will go with The Nirala since I love Indian food. Please book it for 11:00 for the 7 of us on Sunday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : E4J0YE8W. Anything else.
Yes, I want a taxi too. I'll need contact number and car type. It should pick me up at the hotel and arrive at restaurant by 11:00
Okay, be on the lookout for a grey honda. The contact # is 07374179224
thanks very much to you! I am done now. Farewell!
You're welcome and enjoy your stay.
I am looking for a restaurant serving mediterranean food. 
la mimosa is an expensive restaurant in the city centre that serves mediterranean food.
Is there another venue? 
There is The Gardenia if you're looking for a cheap restaurant.
What is the address and phone number? 
The Gardenia is located at 	 2 Rose Crescent City Centre and their phone number is 01223 356354.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're Welcome, good bye
I don't care about the price. Thank you goodbye.
Thank you. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train that departs from cambridge and arrives at my destination by 11:30. 
Certainly. There are a number of trains departing from Cambridge. Where is your destination?
I need to get to Bishops Stortford for a very important meeting. Can you find me a train to get me there by 11:30?
There are 21 trains making that trip, what day would you like to go?
On Saturday. And could you tell me how long that trip takes?
There are three trains that will get you there before 11:30. The trip lasts a total of 38 minutes. How early would you like to leave?
I'd like to take the train that arrives closest to bishops stortford at 11:30.
TR3396 leaves at 09:29 and arrives by 10:07. Is that okay?
Yes. how much would that cost?
The cost of the one way journey is 8.08 pounds.
Perfect. I'm all set. Goodbye!
It was my pleasure. Have a great day. 
I am looking for a nightclub to visit while in town.
There are six nightclubs in town; 5 in the centre and 1 in the south. Do you have a location or other preference?
Yes i would like to be in the center.
I have 5 nightclubs in the centre area, my personal recommendation is the soul tree nightclub, would you like more information on the soul tree?
Sure, what's the soul tree's address and postcode?   I'm also looking for an expensive danish restaurant. 
The address is 1-6 corn exchange street and the postcode is cb23qf. There are no danish restaurants in cambridge. Do you have another food type you would want to try?
Do you have any restaurants in the same area as the attraction?
There are 69 restaurants in that area. Do you have a preference for the pricerange?
Do you have some place that serves Danish food and it should be expensive?
I'm sorry there are no Danish restaurants in the centre. We do have others like Chinese, Italian, etc. Do you have another preference?
Indian, please. 
There are 6 results. May I make a recommendation?
Yes, please. Although I would like it to be in the centre of town. 
The curry garden is  a great indian restaurant in the centre.  Can I book a table for you?
Yes, please book a table for 8 people.
What time were you thinking?
At 20:00 for Tuesday please. 
I have booked your table here is the information:Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : LEW935DX.
Okay great. Thanks for your help. 
Do you need any further help?
no, that will be all for now. thanks for your help. goodbye
Thank you Im glad I could help
I'm looking for information on a hotel, the carolina bed and breakfast.
Its a moderately priced four start hotel with internet. Do you need any more info?
Can you book it for me?
Yes. When would you like me to book it for and how many people?
I would like to book it for 2 nights starting Tuesday for 5 people
Your booking was successful and reference number is H14BC8TI. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yeah, I need a train to get to Cambridge by 13:45.
Okay what day would you like to travel and where are you departing from?
I need a taxi to come to the place by 07:30.
Okay - just to confirm, your departure site is the place? And where would you like the taxi to take you?
I need to get to Thanh Binh, please. And yes, my departure location is The Place.
Thank you. Please look for a yellow audi with the contact number 07260634336.
Thank you thats all i need
Alright don't hesitate to contact us again if you need more assistance.
I was just in an accident and need help right away!
The Parkside Police station is in Parkside, Cambridge. Is this close to your location?
Can I get the phone number? 
The phone number for the police is 01223358966.
Great, thank you very much.
Do you need any further assistance?
No, that's all. Goodbye.
Ok I hope everything is alright. goodbye. 
I am looking for a moderately priced place to stay with free wifi.
I have several options for you, but how about the Acorn Guest House? It is moderately priced and has free wifi as well as parking.
Sure, that sounds good. Can you book that for me, please?
Okay, I will need to know how many people are staying and the duration please.
Before we continue, can you check if the Acorn Guest House has a star of 4 or not?
Yes certainly. I have checked and the acorn is indeed a 4 star hotel. Would you still like me to book that for you?
Yes please, for 5 people and 4 nights starting from Thursday.
Great news! I was able to book you into the Acorn hotel for 4 nights accommodating 5 people. Your reference number is  B0WC4956. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thanks
Goodbye.
I'm just looking for a hotel called Leverton House.
That's an excellent 4 star hotel. Would you like to book a reservation?
Do they have free parking available?
Yes, it does have free parking.
Please give me information on the star rating and their number.
01223292094 is their phone number. it has 4 stars. 
Can you also provide me with their address please?
Sure. Their address is 732-734 newmarket road. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am looking for a theatre.  Possibly in the centre.
Sure, I enjoy The Cambridge Arts Theatre at 6 Saint Edward's Passage.  It is free, which is a plus.
Perfect, could I have the phone number please?
Sure!  The phone number is 01223503333. 
I would like to  book a taxi to commute between the two places. I want to leave the hotel by 05:45.
I have your taxi booked. It will be a black Audi and the contact number is 07242534266. Will there be anything else?
No,that is all. Thank you!
thank you goodbye
I need some tacos! Can you help me find a Mexican restaurant on the south side of the city?
Yes, I found Chiquito Restaurant.   It is located at 2G Cambridge Leisure Park Cherry Hinton Road Cherry .  Phone number is 01223400170.
Thank you very much for the information!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm also looking for a train leaving Cambridge after 20:30.
Where are you headed to and what day would you like to travel? 
peterborough and I need to leave on Saturday after 20:30
Sure, TR4928 leaves Cambridge at 21:06.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
Book it for 4 people, yes. I need the reference number too.
I was able to book those 4 tickets for you. Your reference number is 3E8ZH4KO. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
No that is it thank you.
You're welcome! Please let me know if you need anything else.
I need a guesthouse with free wifi.
There are 23 guesthouses available. Can you tell me what area you are looking for?
East part of town
How about allenbell, they offer free parking and wifi?
Do they have a 4 star rating?
Yes, the Allenbell has 4 star rating.
I'm sorry, I actually need that 4 star guesthouse to be in the north part of town.
No worries! How about the Acorn Guest House? It meets your needs. May I help book it?
Yes please. Give me the reference number!
What day, party size, and length of stay would you like to go?
I will need it to be for 5 people for 5 nights starting from Tuesday. Thank you!
Booking was unsuccessful. Do you want to find another hotel?
Yes please but it needs to be in the same price range.
There is also archway house,would you like me to check booking there as well?
That sounds great thanks.
Booking there was successful. Your Reference number is : EFM3TDR4.
Thank you for your help today.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre, and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Would you help me book a train today?
I would be happy to. Where are you traveling?
to broxbourne on Wednesday. I would like to leave after 13:30.
TR5164 departs Cambridge Wednesday at 14:01 and arrives in Broxbourne by 15:01. Would you like to book a ticket?
That sounds just perfect. Can you book us 5 seats on that train?
Yes, I will book 5 tickets for you.
Can you give me the reference number please?
Reference number is : 2GRQX8N4. Anything else? 
Yes, I need a place to stay in, preferably something moderately priced.
Sure, do you have a preference in the area of town?
I would like to stay in the east. I prefer a hotel, if possible.
There are no hotels that meet that criteria in the east but we do have 3 moderately priced guesthouses available. Would one of those work? 
yes. could you provide the postcode and star of the hotel.
Okay, the carolina bed and breakfast is a 4 star rated guesthouse and its postal code is cb13nx.
thanks. i've got all i need. take care. bye. 
Glad to be of help. Please contact us again if you need any other information about Cambridge!
Hi, I'm looking for an expensive restaurant that serves British cuisine.
We have six. Do you have a preferred area of town?
No preferred area but I need to know if I can book a table for Saturday.
What time on Saturday and for how many people were you looking to book for?
There will be 3 of us at 14:15.
I was able to book a table at the grafton hotel they also serve british. Your reference number is 1ULFDV2T. 
Thank you so much!
Enjoy the rest of you day
I looking for information about a hotel in the moderate price range that includes free wifi.
There is Acorn Guest house available in the moderate price range with free wifi
What is the star rating of the Acorn Guest House?
We have many selections. There is also Archway House in that price range with free wifi. Would you like me to book a loaction for you?
Sorry, the hotel I'm looking for also needs to be in the south area and have a 4 star rating. Could you suggest anything that fills those requirements too?
Aylesbray Lodge Guest House meets all of your requirements. Are you okay with the hotel type being a guesthouse?
yep sure, why not?
I can book this for you if you provide the day you want to stay, the duration of the stay and the number of people.
4 people for 2 nights starting sunday, please!
Booking was successful. Reference number is : OMUG5Y45.
Thanks. I also need a train departing from Peterborough at 10:45.
I'm sorry, there seems to be an error. Can you please restate your request?
The train should depart from peterborough and arrive in Cambridge by 10:45.
That's not a problem. What day would you like?
Sunday and can you please give me the price and travel time?
The price is 13.20 pounds and the travel time is 50 minutes.
Book 4 seats for me please.
I booked TR1071, the last train before 10:45 (arrives 10:38). Your reference number will be AUL3MJY9. However, If you would have preferred something earlier, I can easily cancel and rebook.
No, that would be fine. Thank you. That was all I needed for today. 
Thank you for using our system!
Is there a place to stay in the north area of town? Can it have free wifi access too?
There are 10 guesthouses and 2 hotels that meet your criteria. Are you interested in any particular price range?
I'd like a guesthouse, please. a 4 star rating is a must. 
They archway house may be a good option.
Do they have free parking?
Yes they have free parking.
Can I have the phone number and what is the price range?
The price range of Archway House is moderate and their phone number is 01223575314. Would you like any more information? I can book you a room if you would like.
No thanks. But can you help me find a train into Cambridge for Wednesday please? 
Where will you leave from?
Ely is where I will be leaving from.
What time would you like to leave and arrive?
I'm sorry, I will actually be leaving Norwich. I need to arrive by 21:15.
i have train tr8658 that will arrive at 20:35. did you need any tickets?
No thank you that will be all
Okay, have a great day!
I'm looking for a hotel to stay at in the centre, can you look this up for me?
There are three hotels in the center of town. Do you prefer something moderate or expensive? 
Not in terms of that, but do they have free parking and have a 3 star rating?
The Gonville hotel has 3 stars and parking, and the University Arms hotel has 4 stars and parking. They are both expensive. Would you like more details? 
Okay, I'd like to book a room at the Gonville Hotel for 4 nights. There will be 6 people and we will be arriving on Saturday. 
I'm sorry, there are no rooms available for that length of stay.  Could you shorten your stay or book a different day possibly?
Yes, what about 2 nights instead of 4?
Sure, that worked.  You have booked 2 nights and your reference number is RU89U6V8.  Can I be of further help today?
No, that looks like everything.  Thanks.  Bye.
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay!
Am injured and are looking for a hospital nearby.
Find them at Hills Rd, Cambridge, CB20QQ 
What is the phone number?
Addenbrookes Hospital's phone number is 01223245151. Do you need a specific hospital unit?
No I do not. Thank you for your help. 
Glad I could help. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I needed, good bye. 
Thank you for using our services.
I want to find a cheap restaurant in the north part of town. What is the address and food?
da vinci pizzeria serves Italian food and is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton or royal spice serves Indian food and is on Victoria Avenue Chesterton
Thank You
Thank you, goodbye
Yes can you tell me something about the Cow Pizza Kitchen and Bar?
Yes sure. I can tell you it serves gastropub food fare and is located at Corn Exchange Street and their telephone number is 01223308871. Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
No thank you, that's all I need. 
Thank you for using our system!
I am looking to go to a museum.
There are quite a few fantastic museums to choose from. Is there a specific area you are looking for?
I'm willing to go wherever the best museums are. Which would you recommend?
The cafe jello gallery is top notch. And there's no entrance fees. Or how about cambridge artworks their pretty nice as well. Both are in the west.
Can you tell me about the gallery? What's the address?
This gallery is located on the west side of town located at 13 magdalene street
What is the postcode there?  Also, I'll need a phone number.
The postcode is cb30af, sorry I do not have a phone number for the cafe jello gallery.
Well then, can you give me an address?
The address is cafe jello gallery, 13 magdalene street	, is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need information on a cheap restaurant in the centre of the city...whichever you recommend. 
I would recommend golden house. It is a chinese restaurant at 12 Lensfield Road City Centre, postcode cb21eg, phone number 01842753771. Would you like me to book it for you?
No, thanks, I'll do that myself. You've been great, thanks for everything.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I want to find an expensive restaurant serving christmas food.
is there any area you prefer!
No specific area. 
I have found no restaurants serving Christmas food in the expensive price range. Would you like a different type of food?
Are there European types of restaurants? 
Yes, there are four: cambridge lodge restaurant, eraina, and michaelhouse cafe serve european food, with darrys cookhouse and wine shop serving modern european food
phone number and address of Cambridge Lodge Restaurant please
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is in the west part of town, at Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre. Their phone number is 01223 355166.
Thank you, goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge restaurant system. Goodbye.
I am looking for a train to ely on wednesday.
Where are you leaving from?
should depart from cambridge at 17:15
I can get you on a train leaving Cambridge at 17:50. 
That won't work I need to arrive by 17:15.
I have the TR1549 leaving at 17:50 and it will be arriving at 18:07 is that a little better for you?
No that still won't work. Is there anything earlier please?
I've got a train that will arrive at 16;07 or if you prefer earlier, 14:07. would you like me to book one of those for you.
As long as I am there by like I said earlier, 17:15 so yes the 16:07 will work for me. I am also looking for attractions in south
How many tickets would you like to book?
I don't need to book any train tickets, thanks. What attractions do you recommend in the south? 
There are 8 attractions in the south. I would recommend the Byard Art museum which has free admission. Do you need a booking , or need help with anything else? 
No, that's it for today. Thanks for your help.
If you decide you need something else please contact us. Enjoy your trip.
I'd like to book a taxi. I need it to arrive by 14:15 and my destination is Cambridge Lodge Restaurant.
Thank you, but before I can create your booking I need to know where you'll be departing from.
I will be departing from Jesus Green Outdoor Pool.
Your booking was successful. Your car is a red honda and its contact number is 07924138056. Can I assist you with anything else today?
What type of car is it? And is there a contact number?
Yes, I can repeat it. A Red Honda car and the contact info is 07924138056. Can I help you with anything else?
than you very much. that is all i need today.
Great. Thank you for contacting Cambridge Towninfo Centre. Have a great day. 
I am looking for a college attraction to go to in town.
There are several colleges in either the centre or west part of town. Which area do you prefer?
The centre please.
There are 13 colleges in the center of town. Does entrance fee matter to you?
Not really, but what is the fee?
Most are free, but Corpus Christi has a 2 pound fee, Saint John's has a 2.50 pound fee, and Trinity has a 1 pound fee. 
I need a train that leaves at 20:45 from stevenage to cambridge
What day would you like to travel by train?
I would like to leave on Wednesday.
There are 10 trains, TR9448 leaves at 5:54 would that work for you?
That works can I have the travel time for that please?
TR9448 leaves at 05:54 and arrives at 06:43. The travel time is 49 minutes. 
I've mixed up my locations. I actually need a train that departs from Cambridge and goes to Stevenage.
I only have two trains that leave from Cambridge Wednesday. The TR9016 departs at 21:21 and the TR6387 departs 23:21.
What is the price?
Both options are 12.80 pounds.  Would you like to book one of these options?
Can you tell me the duration of travel time please?
Yes travel is exactly 49 minutes.
What about the train ID?
The train ID for the departure at 21:21 is TR9016 and the trainID that departs at 2312 is TR6387. Would you like me to book on of these for you?
I need an earlier train.
TR9016 is the earliest departure after 20:45. Would you like to change your specified time?
No, TR9016 will do.
I ha e booked your ticket. Your confirmation number is VBAEMG3Z. Can I assist you with anything else?
No, that's all I need. Thank you.
Thank you let me know if you need anything else.
I need a train from cambridge to leicester.
To better help you find the right train, what day are you wanting to travel on?
I need to travel on Saturday and I need to arrive by 19:15.
The train TR7457 meets your specifications. How many tickets would you like?
What time does that train depart from cambridge?
TR7457 will arrive in cambridge at 7:06. There are many later trains that will arrive before your specified time, as well, if you prefer to travel later.
Please book me on the train with the 7:06 departure time.  I am also looking for a cheap restaurant in the centre.
How many tickets would you like for the train?  I have 15 cheap restaurants in the centre, what cuisine would you like?
I'm looking for a Malaysian restaurant thats on the cheap side in centre. 
There are no restaurants that meet those criteria. Would you like to look in a different area or price range?
How about Asian oriental food
There are two places dojo noodle bar, and j restaurant would you like either of those?
Dojo noodle bar sounds good. May I have the phone number and postcode please?
The phone number for dojo noodle bar is 01223363471. It is located at 40210 Millers Yard City Centre, postcode cb21rq. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, that's all. Thank you!
Happy to be of service. Have a wonderful day!
I need a place to stay in the north that has free wifi.
There are 10 guesthouses and 2 hotels that fit your criteria. Do you have a specific price range in mind?
I need it to be in the north, and be an actual hotel and free parking. 
i recommend lovell lodge which has a moderate price range. its located in 365 milton road, cb41sr. phone number 01223425478. can i book for you?
Please book for Saturday for 2 people.
I'm be happy to book that for you! How many nights shall I book for you?
Yes please, I'll need it for 2 people for 3 nights starting Sunday
I'm sorry, are we booking for Sunday or Saturday? You mentioned both days.
Sunday and if that fails can we do Wednesday? I will need the reference number and looking for a restaurant in the same area in the cheap price range.
Booking was successful for sunday. Your reference number is U44ODKGT. Do you need help with anything else?
Are there any good cheap places to eat in the same area?
Yes we have Royal Spice which is an Indian Restaurant and Da Vinci Pizzeria which is Italian. 
Can you book royal spice for the same group of people at 16:45 on the same day?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : XVHT7ZTH. Is there anything else? 
No that's it. Thanks for all your help today. Goodbye.
You are welcome. I can also help you arrange a taxi or train. I can suggest one of many diverse attractions. Are you interested?
I am excited about visiting a particular attraction in Cambridge. Can you help me?
We have 79 attractions listed at this time. Was there anything in particular you were looking for?
I am looking for the fitzwilliam museum
The fitzwilliam museum is located in the centre area of town and is free to enter. Would you like more information?
Yes, please. What is the postcode?
No problem.  The post code for the fitzwalliam museum is cb21rb.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. I am looking for a place to stay that has 4 stars and includes free wifi.
We have at least 33 four star hotels with internet, would you like one close to the museum?
yeah sure why not! that would be dope!
Ok, I can book you a room at the Arbury Lodge Guesthouse.  Is that good?
Yes please. Book a room for 4 people for 3 nights, beginning Monday. I need a reference number.
I have confirmed your booking at arbury lodge guesthouse for 3 nights starting Monday. Your reference number is WAI4ET4D. Would you like help with anything else?
No thank you, you been so helpful, have a wonderful day!
Thank you for using our system!
Need a place to stay on the west side, and I need it cheap.
The finches bed and breakfast is located in the west and in the cheap price range
Ok, that will work! Thanks. 
Would you like me to book it for you?
Does it have free parking? 
Yes, it does offer parking. Would you like me to book that for you?
That sounds great. Yes please!
What day will you be checking in? I also need the number of days you will be staying and the number of people.
I'll be checking in on Saturday, and it will be for 4 people for 4 nights.
I am sorry but the finches bed and breakfast is heavily booked. Do you want to book starting another day or for a shorter number of days?
Can we get in for three nights?
Yes I can you in for 3 nights. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No that will be all thank you 
Have a great day!
Get me a restaurant that serves european food.
There are several restaurants serving european food.  Would you like the west, center or south part of town? 
i dont really care.
Which price range are you looking for?
Any price range is fine.
Cambridge Lodge Restaurant serves European food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could I have the phone number and postcode for that restaurant please?
The phone number is 	 01223 355166 and the post code is C.B 3, 0 D.Q.  Is there anything else?
No, thank you. 
Thank you.
I am looking for a restaurant in the centre that serves indian food.
Sure, what is your price point?
as cheap as possible
There are three restaurants: Kohinoor, The Gandhi, and Mahal of Cambridge.
ok lets try the gandhi, a table for 4 on sat at 14:15, and I need the reference number
The booking was successful and your reference number is 57DS952F.
I'm also looking for a train that leaves London Kings Cross on Saturday and arrives in Cambridge by 09:45. 
I have train TR8885 that leaves at 07:17 and arrives in Cambridge by 08:08. Will that work for you?
Would it be possible to book that train for 4 people?
I have made your reservation for 4 tickets on TR8885. The total fee is 75.52 GBP payable at the station and your reference number is KO3L1QDO.
Thanks, that's all I needed today!
Thank you. Let us know if you need more help. 
I want to find a place to eat Chinese in the cheap price range.
I have 3 chinese restaurants located in city centre that meet your price range request.  Can I book one for you?
Not today, can you recommend one of them to me?
i recomend golden house. it is in the centre in 12 lensfield road city centre. can i give you the address
I would like to book a table there.
For what time?
book a table for 6 people at 17:00 on saturday and give me reference number
The reference number for you reservation is BCYNHP5W.
Thanks! I'm also looking to stay at a hotel called Lovell Lodge, can you help me with that? 
The Lovell Lodge is a moderately priced 2 star hotel in the north part of town.  Would you like me to book it for you? 
Yes for 6 people, 3 nights on Saturday.
I am very sorry, the system for booking hotel rooms seems to be down.  Can I do anything else for you today?
That is all I need today. Just the room booked. 
Booking was successful. Reference number is : WWYPAB14. Is there anything else I can assist with?
No that was all I needed thank you so much.
Thanks you and goodbye.
I am looking for the  Addenbrookes Hospital.
The Addenbrookes Hospital is located in Hills Rd, Cambridge. Post code CB20QQ. The phone number is 01223245151
Thank you for your help
You are more than welcome! 
Does the hospital have a transplant high dependency unit?
It certainly does. The telephone number is 01223216811. May I help you with anything else?
You have answered all of my questions. Thank you very much! Have a good day!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a nice day!
I want to find a moderately priced restaurant. 
I have many options available for you! Is there a certain area or cuisine that interests you?
Yes I would like the restaurant to be located in the center of the attractions. 
There are 21 restaurants available in the centre of town. How about a specific type of cuisine?
i need to know the food type and postcode and it should also have mutliple sports
I am sorry I do not understand what you just said. Please repeat in a way that makes sense. 
get me the food type and the post code
My favorite it The Copper Kettle at 4 Kings Parade City Centre CB21SJ.  It serves British food.  Does that interest you?
Absolutely! Thank you! I also need information on the attractions that have multiple sports in town, in the same area as the restaurant please. 
The only multiple sports attraction is located in the east of town. Would you like more information?
No, I want to be in the centre of town. What about architecture attractions?
All Saints Church is an architectural attraction. It is in the Centre of town and entrance is free!
Can I get their phone number and address please?
Their phone number is 01223452587. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Oh, what type of architecture is it?
it is architecture type. anything else?
Just the address please
it is located in Jesus lane
Is there an entrance fee?
The entrance fee is free. Anything else i can do for you today? 
That will be all. Thank you!
Thank you and have a great day. Goodbye.
Yes,  Hello.  I would like info on Milton Country Park? 
Yes of course. Milton Country Park is a park in the northern area of town. What would you like to know?
Can I have their postcode?
Their post code is cb46az. 
Thanks very much for your help today.
You're welcome. Thank you for calling the Cambridge Township Centre. Enjoy your day!
Hi! I'm looking for a cheap restaurant in the north, any type!
There is Royal Spice which serves Indian food and Da Vinci Pizzeria which serves Italian food. Would you like me to book you a table at either of these restaurants?
Royal Spice sounds good. Can you reserve a table for 8 at 15:45 on Saturday? 
Unfortunately, I was not able to book for that specific time and day. Can I try a different day or time for you? 
How about at 14:45? 
I've booked it for that day on Saturday. Reference number 9PVIPW1Y. Anything else?
No, you have been very helpful. Thanks, goodbye.
Thank you, and have a great day!
I am looking for information about Cambridge. What kind of places can you go in town? 
I have colleges, museums, nightclubs, swimming pools, etc? Is there something particular you would like to do and I can narrow it down. 
A nightclub sounds fun. Is there one in the centre of town?
I have five. Would you like to try club salsa or the fez club?
Sounds fun, can I get entrance fee, address, and postcode.
Sure. Were you interested in club salsa or the fez club?
I think Club Salsa would be perfect. I am also looking for a train to depart from Cambridge and go to London Kings Cross. 
The entrance fee is 5 pounds; the address is 1 station road; the postcode is cb12jb. What day and time are you looking to travel?
The train should arrive by 12:00. I am looking to travel on Wednesday.
There are 4 trains available.  The earliest leaves at 5:00 and arrives at 5:51.  Would you like me to book that?
Yes, that will work.  Can you please give me the train ID for that booking?
Yes, it is TR3702. How many tickets do you need?
Actually, I don't think I will book that train just yet.  Thank you for all the info.  That's all I needed.  Goodbye!
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Hello, I am looking for accommodations with free wifi. 
I can definitely help with that. I have many options. In order to narrow it down, do you have a preference between a hotel or guesthouse? 
Either one, but I insist on 4-star quality.
How about Arbury Lodge guesthouse?  It is in north, is moderately price with free wifi and has 4 stars.
What's the postcode and address for that?
The address is 82 arbury road and the postcode is cb42je
Am I able to park for free there?
Yes, they offer both free wifi and free parking. Do you need me to assist you in making a reservation?
No, thanks. I also need a train on Sunday out of Cambridge. 
There are many. What time would you like to leave and what's your destination?
I want to leave for Peterborough after 18:30. 
I've booked you a ride on train TR8255, your reference number is E1SGGIUC, the ticket will cost 13.20 pounds. Is there anything else I could help you with?
I just need the arrival and travel times for that train, thanks.
TR8255 departs at 18:34 and arrives at 19:24.  Hope that helps!  Any other questions?
You have been a great help.  Thank you very much!  Goodbye!
You are welcome! Enjoy your stay!
There are hotels with free wifi and parking, right?
Yes there are plenty. What area would you like to stay in?
The hotel should be in the centre and should be in the type of guesthouse.
There are two hotels that fit that criteria. I would recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast, it has four stars. 
 book it for 1 people and 4 nights starting from tuesday.
I'm sorry, your booking was unsuccessful. Would you like to book another day or a shorter stay?
How about Wednesday? 
Booking was successful. Reference number is : QHR6UO6I.
thank you for your help
You are more than welcome! 
I need to take a train to cambridge, I will be arriving on Saturday.
Okay. Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving from London Kings Cross.
What time do you need to arrive?
I need to be there by 11:15 and I need a reservation for 5 people. Can you send me the reference number when you have made the reservations?
Ok, I've successfully booked your trip, on train TR4824, arriving in Cambridge at 10:08, the fee is 94.4 GBP and your reference number is TVT0T8VJ. 
Awesome! Now please get me some information on the limehouse hotel
Limhouse is a guesthouse in the north.  It is in the moderate price range and has a 4 star rating.  Was there anything else you needed to know?
No that is all thank you. 
Do you need information on any attractions? Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
You know what?  I would like to book the Limehouse for 2 nights on Saturday.
And for how many people? 
Oh sorry, 5 people please. 
Your booking was a success!  Your reference number is: RJ56SN8K. Can I assist with anything else?
I am planning my trip to Cambridge and need a train leaving Peterborough after 21:45. 
The first train leaves at 21:48.
That won't work for me. When does the next one leave on Tuesday?
I have one leaving at 22:19. Would you like to book it?
Yes that time works. Please book it. What is the train ID?
The train ID is TR8054. May i have your details (Name, Phone number, ID, email) so i can go ahead and make the booking for you.
I don't feel comfortable giving that to you. I'll book on my own. Can you just give me info on a place to stay?
Certainly. What area of town would you like to stay in?
I need a room. Do not need wifi or parking. 
Okay, I have the alpha-milton guest house in the north area.  Will that work for you?
Yes and Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
On what day will you be checking in, for how long, and for how many people?
I don't need reservations I just need the address and price range. 
moderate	price range. Located at 63 milton road.
Thank you that will be all!
Enjoy your visit.
Hi, do you think you can help me book a train that leaves after 15:45 on a Monday? Thanks.
I sure can. Where are you departing from and where are you headed? 
I'm leaving from Cambridge and heading for Bishops Stortford.
TR2530 leaves at 17:29, should i book it for you? 
How much is a ticket and how long is the train ride?
The ticket costs 10.10 pounds and the ride takes 38 minutes. Do you want me to book the train for you?
What time does the train arrive in Bishops Stortford?  I also am looking for a place to stay that is 3 stars and in the moderate range.
The train would arrive at 18:07.  Do you have a preferred area for the hotel to be located in?
No, but I would like a guest house with free parking.
We have many guesthouses, is there an area you'd prefer?
I am actually looking for something in the moderate price range with a 3-star rating.
The bridge guest house matches that criteria and is located in the south.
Alright, can I get the phone number?
The phone number for the Bridge Guest House is 01223247942. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That will be all, you've been very helpful.
Thank you for contacting us, have a nice day. 
I'm looking for a restaurant in west part of town with cheap food.
There are 2 restaurants in that area that serve cheap food, one that serves Italian food the other Vietnamese, are you interested in either of these?
Can I get the address and phone number of the Vietnamese one?
Of course! The phone number for Thanh Binh is 01223362456. How else may I help you?
I'm looking for attractions in the category of colleges, any suggestions?
I am showing a wide selection for College Attractions.    To better assist me was there anything specific you were wanting to do, and was price a concern?
What areas of town are they in?
They're located in either the centre or the west.
Tell me about the ones in the west. And can I get the address for Thanh Binh?
The address for Thanh Binh is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre. Is there a particular type of attraction that you would like to know more about?
No, I also need a taxi to get between the two place.
I would need to know what attraction you are looking at before being able to book a taxi.
Yes, it's going to be one of the college...I need a suggestion for that. I need to leave the attraction by 2:00 to go to the restaurant.
There are a couple of good colleges to visit in that area. Would you like to go to one that is free?
Sure, that sounds great.  I just need that taxi to take me from Thanh Binh to the college.
How does Churchill College sound? I can definitely reserve a taxi for you. What time would you like to arrive at the restaurant?
I want to get to the college by 02:00.
It has been booked the car will be a yellow audi contact number 07021104597. 
Okay great, that's all I needed today!
Wonderful! Have a great day!
I am looking for an expensive place to dine in the centre of town. 
Great Kymmoy is in the centre of town and expensive.
I want to book a table for 3 people at 14:00 on Saturday.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VBPWAD3J.
Thank you so much. I would also like to find a train to take me to Kings Lynn by 10:15.
There are 35 departures with those criteria. What time do you want to leave?
The train should arrive by 10:15 please on Sunday please. 
How many tickets will you need?
Just one ticket. I will need the train ID, cost of ticket and exact departure time as well.
There is a train arriving in Kings Lynn on Sunday at 09:58. It departs at 09:11 and costs 7.84 pounds. The train ID is TR6088.
Great! That's all I needed. Thanks a lot for the help.
Glad I could help!
I need a train to stansted airport. I'd like to arrive by at least 21:45
I can help you with that. What day would you like to travel on? Where will you be departing from?
I will be leaving Cambridge on Monday.
The TR4015 will get you in at 21:08. Will that work for you? Or would you like to get in a little sooner?
No thats fine and that will be all thank you 
If there is nothing else I can do for you, have a great day and thank you.
Actually, could you just give me some information on sesame restaurant and bar?
Yes, sesame restaurant and bar serves chinese food and is in the expensive range.  They are located in the centre.  Do you have any other questions about them?
Just their address and phone number please.
The address is 17 Hills Road City Centre and the postcode is cb21nw.  Is there any other informaton I can help you with?
Hi, I am traveling to Cambridge and am super excited to see some local tourist attractions.  I am looking for some suggestions on places to  go in town.
There are 79 attractions in Cambridge. There are churches, museums, swimming pool, and many more attractions.  What are you interested in doing?
Perhaps I'd like to see a museum.  Are there any in the centre?
There are 11 museums in the centre area. There is a science museum, an art and antiques museum, and 9 others. What kind of museum are you interested in?
Does not matter can you just recommend one please.
Castle Galleries is a very nice museum in the centre, and their entrance fee is free!
Excellent. Can I please have they're phone number and address please?
They are located at unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street, cb23bj. You can reach them at 01223307402.
Thank you.  I am also needing help booking a guesthouse in the north part of town.  Can you assist me with that?
You're in luck. There are 11 guesthouses in the north. What amenities are you looking for?
4 people for 5 nights starting Sunday and I also need the ref # too please
Ok great, we have you booked in the alpha-milton guest house at 63 milton road.  Your Reference number is : KPUSMIB9.  Thank you!
I am seeking a concerthall in the west part of town. 
There are none available at this time.
Ok. Could you try for a museum. 
There are 7 museums in the west. Cambridge and Country Folk Museum charges 3.50 pounds for entry and the rest are free. Would you like the address?
please provide me with entrance fee and postcode
Cambridge and County folk museum is 3.50 pounds for the entrance fee and the postcode is cb30aq.
Thanks.  I am also looking for a moderate restaurant in the same area as that museum.
Were you looking for a particular type of cuisine?  There are a few options in the area. 
Just a moderately priced restaurant, I need to book for 6 people at 12:15 on Monday.
Your booking at the Prezzo was successful. The reference number is OUHSKNG7. Your table will be reserved for 15 minutes. 
Are there any moderate restaurants in the same area as the concert hall in the west side of Cambridge?
Yes, and I booked that for you at the restaurant Prezzo. Are you okay?
That is all I needed today thank you. 
Thank you, enjoy the rest of your day.
Hi, I'm looking for a hotel called finches? It's a bed and breakfast. 
There were no matches found.
I need to book a room for 4 starting on thursday for 4 nights called finches please. It's a bed and breakfast.
Unfortunately, I am not finding a match for a business by that name. Would you like me to try and find another place?
No let me call back,maybe I have the wrong name.
What else can I do for you?
I stayed at Finches last year.  Can you please look for it again?
I was able to find the hotel but the booking was unsuccessful, do you have any other hotel you'd like to try?
Do you have another hotel in that same price range?
The cambridge belfry is in the same area and the same price range. It's rated 4 stars.  Should I try to book it?
Yes please and give me the reference number.
The booking was successful.  Your reference number is UQMLOG0I.  Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
And thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre! Have a great day!
Hey. I'm looking for a train from stansted airport.
What day will you be traveling?
I plan to go on tuesday.
What is your destination ?
My destination is cambridge. 
There are several.  Do you have a time you need to travel specifically?
The train should arrive by 10:00 if at all possible.
There are trains departing every hour.  TR5077 would get in in at 8:52, does that work for you?
That sounds perfect. Can I get the reference number from the booking?
How many tickets would you like?
I would like 4 tickets. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 40.4 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : WWW231NO. Is there anything else you need?
I am looking for a place to stay. Could you find me a place in the centre of town that is expensive?
There are 2 hotels in that area that are in the expensive price range, one is a 3 star and the other 4 star. Which one would you prefer?
I need it to have free wifi and free parking. Does one of them offer both?
Yes, they both do. May I recommend Gonville hotel?
Absolutely, can you provide me with the postcode and hotel type of the Gonville hotel?
Sure, the postcode is cb11ly. Can I book a room for you?
No thank you. I am needing a train that will leave on wednesday and arrive by 13:15.
I will check to see if I can find a train that matches your needs.
Thanks. I'll be heading from Broxbourne to Cambridge.
I have 7 trains that meet your needs Train TR5953 arrives in Cambridge at 12:32.  Would you like me to book it for you?
TR5953 works fine, I need 3 people
Your reference number is K1BWUIXZ, and the fee is 53.7 GBP, payable at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No thank you, you've been very helpful. Have a good day!
We are happy to help. Thank you for using our service.
I'm looking for an expensive restaurant in the center of town.
Would you be interested in The Cambridge Chop House? It is a british cuisine restaurant located in the centre of town.
thank you, I hope its in the expensive price range. and if you could give me the phone number that would be great
Yes, it's expensive. Phone number is 01223359506.
I need to book a table for 1 person at 16:45 on friday.
That booking is unsuccessful. Does another time/day work?
Yes. How about 15:45 on Friday instead?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 10P0LEVH.. Anything else today?
I'm also looking for a place to stay. Ideally a hotel with free wifi and parking that is also expensive.
If you're looking to stay in the town centre area, there is the gonville hotel. It has free parking and internet and is rated 3 stars. Would you like to book?
Great can you book it for one person, for 4 nights starting friday?
Your booking was successful starting Friday for four nights.  Your reference number is DRW9QM8S.  Can I help you with anything else?
I also need to book a taxi to commute between the two.  I'd like to arrive prior to the 15:45 time.
Your booking is complete, a grey bmw will be picking you up, the contact number is 07034136573. Can I assist you with anything further today?
No, thanks for your help.
You are welcome, goodbye!
I want a train going to stansted airport .
There are 133 trains. Where will you be leaving from? 
I'm leaving from Cambridge.
And what day and time would you like to travel?
I need to leave on Wednesday after 08:45.
TR1085 departs at 09:40 and arrives by 10:08. Would you like a ticket?
Not at this time.  However, I am looking at hotels as well.  Is there a hotel that has 2 stars and includes free wifi?
the lovell lodge is a moderate price in the north with free wifi. Would you like for me to book a room.
Is this a hotel or guest house?
This is a hotel.
I need a hotel book it for 4 people and 3 nights starting from sunday.
Your hotel at the Lovell Lodge is booked for 4 people and 3 nights, the reference number is LEC7DOND. Is there anything else I can help with?
No, that will be all. Thank you. 
Thank you and Good bye.
I have been involved in a car accident dispute and i do not know where to go from here
Contact the Parkside, Cambridge police station at 01223358966.
Thank you very much I will call them now.
Ok, do you require any further assistance?
Can I get the address as well?
The address to the police is Parkside, Cambridge. 
Thank you for your help.
Before I let you go, are there any other questions that I can assist with today?
No that was all. Thank you
Okay, have a great day!
i need a place to go and should be a museum
Okay! There are several museums in Cambridge. What part of town would you like to visit?
How about ones in the centre, what's available? 
There's 11 different museums in the centre. Would you like a recommendation?
Yes, and if you can tell me it's entrance fee, that'd be great.
The entrance fee is free. is there anything else
Could you give me the name of the museum?
My favorite free museum is the Broughton House Gallery at 98 King Street.
Can I have the info of this place thank you 
What would you like to know?
Oh thank you for the name of the museum and what part of the area is this museum in?  I'd also like information about the Lensfield Hotel.
The museum is in the center part of time.  The lensfield hotel is in the south, it's expensive, three stars and has free wifi and parking.
Does the museum have an entrance fee?
No it does not have an entrance fee
I need a taxi after the attraction you get contact number and car type
I can certainly book that for you.  What time would you like to be picked up?
I would like to leave the museum by 16:45
Yor taxi is a blue Lexus. The contact number is 07703215621
Thank you very much. That is all for today.
Great!  Have a fun trip!
I am looking for information.  Can you help me with a place to stay while I'm in town?
I can help you.  Which part of town?
The North part of town is where I want to go and  include free parking and should have a star of 4
Okay, how about the Acorn Guest House? It's located on 154 chesterton road. Would you like me to make a reservation?
That sounds perfect. I need a room for 3 people and 4 nights starting from sunday.
The booking was successful. You have a reservation for 3 people, staying 4 nights a Acorn Guest House starting on Sunday. Your Reference number is : Z45I87LD. 
Thank you! I also need a swimming pool in the north area of Cambridge.
I'd recommend jesus green outdoor pool. Would you like more information?
Can you please provide me with the address, postcode and phone number?
Sure! The address is between victoria road and the river, the postcode is cb43px, and the phone number is 01223302579.
Lastly a taxi from the hotel to the pool please.
Do you have a arrival time in mind ?
I want to to leave the hotel by 10:30.
When is your arrival time?
My arrival time will be 17:00.
Your taxi have been booked for a black volvo and its contact number is 07055228719.
Thanks. That is all for today.
thanks for inquiring with us and have a great day
Thanks. I hope your day is good too.
it sure is. thanks.
Good. Glad to hear it. You can end this conversation now. I don't need anything else. 
Thank you for using our service. 
I'm looking for information on the Autumn House. Can you help me out?
Autumn House is a cheap guesthouse with a 4 star rating on the east side of town. Do you need additional information or want to book a room?
Can you give me the address please?
They are located at 710 newmarket road	
Great, thanks. Now could you also help me find a train?
i will be glad to help. when do you want to travel?
I want to leave on Friday after 10:15. 
And what are your departure and arrival stations?
I'd like to depart from Peterborough. I'm heading to Cambridge. I'll need to book for 8 people. 
I've made reservations on TR6932 and your reference number is C8XK2EPK.
thanks for all of your help
Thank you for using this service
I am looking for a restaurant in Cambridge called The Missing Sock.
The missing sock is an international restaurant in the east. The address is Finders Corner Newmarket Road. Do you need any further information?
Yes, can you give me a phone number please?  
Certainly. Their phone number if 01223812660. Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking to book a train leaving after 18:30 to go to Kings lynn.
There is a train on friday that leaves at 8:11pm. Does that work? 
I'm looking for one that leaves on Tuesday after 18:30. Is there anything available?
There are 5 that could work. How about the TR0525, it leaves at 19:11 and arrives in Kings Lynn at 19:58?
Yes it does. Can you book the train for 8 people?
I was able to successfully book those tickets for you. Your reference number is QZ3BIX9U. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Great that's all I needed today, thank you!
Thank you, enjoy your day.
Hi, can you look up Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop for me?
I sure can! Darry's Cookhouse is an expensive modern european restaurant in the center of town. They are located at 40270 King Street City Centre. Can I make you a reservation by chance?
That's it.  Can you make a reservation for me?  There are 5 of us and we would like to reserve Sunday at 11:45 if possible.
Reservation made. The reference number is FIQY6RR9.
Thank you for the helpful information!
No problem at all. What else can I do for you? 
That is all, thanks. Have a nice day. Bye!
You as well! Goodbye! 
Are there any trains that arrive in Cambridge before 11:45?
Yes there are.  We start in early morning on most places.  Where will you be coming from and on what day?
I am leaving broxbourne on saturday.
TR2025 will arrive by 11:32. Do you need anything else?
Yes, would you please make a booking for 8 on that train.
The booking on Train TR2025 was successful for a party of. The Reference number is : IHPHIR7N.
Great, thank you. Can you also help me find a place to stay that has free parking?
There are 29 hotels and guesthouses that have free parking. What area are you looking into?
A hotel in the heart of the center of the city that is a two star hotel or a hostel. But is has to be in the center of the town.
I'm sorry, there are no matching hotels or guesthouses.  Can you try a different star rating perhaps?
As long as its in the centre and has a moderate price range its ok if it isnt a 2 star hotel. What options do I have?
I'm sorry, I'm not seeing anything in the center area with a moderate price range and free parking.  Are you flexible at all with this?
Sure, I can be flexible.  How about in the north?  I need it for 8, for two nights starting Saturday.  I need a reference number also.
Booking was successful.Reference number is : HZKM08KO. is there anything else i can be of help?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
It was my pleasure to assist you today. Please let us know if we can be of further help. Good-bye.
Hi, can you suggest some attractions I could visit in Cambridge?
Absolutely. We have plenty of options. Looking for a place in particular?
Can you look for something in the east?
There are museums, a park, a pool, multiple sports, entertainment venues, and a boat. Do any of these sound fun? Personally, I think the boat is a lot of fun.
Are they all located in the east? If so, I would like more information on the boat! 
Camboats is in the east and there is no entrance fee listed. May I help you with anything else?
I'm looking to book a train to kings cross on wednesday to cambridge.
what time were you wanting to leave by or arrive by?
I want to arrive by 12:15.
I have train TR2417 that is departing at 11:17 and arrives by 12:08. Would that work for you? 
That would be great, could you book it for 7 people?
Absolutely! I've booked 7 tickets for a total of 165.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number: 9G3E2JDS. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, actually.  I just need the phone number and postcode for the attraction you told me about, Camboats.
The phone number to Camboats is 01223902112 and the postcode is cb58sx. 
Thank you very much. That will be all.
You're very welcome, have a great day!
I'm in the mood for a traditional American food restaurant tonight and looking to treat myself to some expensive fine dining.  Can you help me find a perfect place?
I have gourmet burger kitchen, it's an expensive north american food restaurant. Would you like to book a table?
Is it located in the centre of town?
Yes, gourmet burger kitchen is in the centre of town. Would you like to book it?
No thank you. We will just head there now.
Sounds great! Is there anything else I can assist you with?
That will be all, thank you.
It's my pleasure. Have a lovely day! Bye!
Awesome but can you give me the reference number?
I need to know then how big is your party and exact time?
Oh yeah sure - I need table for  3 people at 19:00 on wednesday.
sorry but booking was unsuccessful, what about another time?
hmm find me something chinese then
hmm that was also unsuccessful, does different time work for you?
yeah, actually let's try 18:00
I booked for you ugly duckling at 18:00, your ref number is IKXBXWEO
great to hear that, have a good day!
always there for you! have a nice dinner!
I am looking for a restaurant serving persian food.  
Do you have a specific area in mind?
it doesn't matter .
No restaurants serving persian food have been found.
can i have an european restaurant instead ?
cambridge lodge restaurant is in the west part of town and it is serving european food. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I need the address and phone number.
The address of Cambridge Lodge Restaurant is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre and the phone number is 01223 355166. May I help you with anything else?
No, that does it.  Thank you and goodbye!
Thank you for using our system. Good bye 
I am looking for places to go in the centre of town.
What types of attractions are you interested in going to? 
I don't know.  Can you make some suggestions?
There are many churches in the area to check out.
A church sounds great.  It doesn't matter what type church it is.  Will you pick one and send me the address including the postcode?  
The address to all saints church is 	jesus lane.
Can you also find me a restaurant?
What type of food would you like?
Reservation for 3 at 13:00 on Saturday at the Ugly Duckling. Please provide reference number. Book a taxi to arrive before the booked time. Phone number and car type.
I have booked a table for 1300, for 3 people at the Ugly Duckling, reference #JBZ7ORDO. Where do you need the taxi to meet you?
At the church  going to the restaurant, would like to get there before the reserved time of 13:00
I've arranged for the taxi to get you to the restaurant by 12:45. You'll be picked up in a Black Honda. The contact number is 07690050237.
Alright thank you very much.
I hope you have a pleasant stay!
Hi, could you give me the location of the Saint Johns Chop House?
Saint Johns Chop House is located at 21 - 24 Northampton Street, cb30ad, on the west side of town.
Great.  How about the phone number?  
Their phone number is 01223353110
Could you tell me what their price range is?
This restaurant is in the moderate price range. 
I am also looking for a particular hotel named leverton house. 
What information are you looking for?
The address please.
They are located at 732-734 Newmarket Road, postcode cb58rs.
Thank you for the information on that.
No problem!  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking to book a room at the Leverton House for 3 people and 5 nights starting Wednesday.
Your booking was successful. Your reference number is PY098GT4. How else can I help today?
No, thank you. That's all for now.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge on Saturday
Would you like to leave or arrive by a certain time?
I would like to leave after 21:30.
Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from broxbourne. 
We have 3 options that meet your criteria. All depart within an hour of each other starting at 21:32. Would you like me to book one of them for you?
Yes, whichever train has seats available for 7 people.
Your booking was successful, the total fee is 100.24 GBP payable at the station.  The train departs at 21:32. Your reference# is UZFW2TAQ. Is there anything else?
No that's all thanks 
Okay, have a good day then
Hi, I am looking for information for my upcoming trip.  Can you help me with some attractions?
Absolutely. Which area of town will you be visiting?
I'd like something in the east.
There are many attractions in the east, including boats, museums, swimming pools, parks, and sports. Are you interested in anything specific? 
No, It doesn't matter pick something for me.  I'll need to know what the entrance fee is though.
I would suggest the funk fun house. I do not have an entrance fee listed but you can call them at 01223304705.
That sounds interesting, what type of attraction is it?
There are quite a few options in the center. And most museums  are free to enter.
What type of attraction is the Funk Fun House?
It is an entertainment attraction.
Great. I also need a train to Cambridge on Sunday. 
There are 202 trains that meet your criteria. Would you like to narrow it down by departure site, arrival time, or departure time?
Yes, the train should leave after 9:00. I'm departing from ely. I'll need the arrival time and travel time, please?
The earliest is TR4212 which leaves at 09:35. It arrives by 09:52 and takes 17 minutes. 
Thank you, that is everything I need.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I need help finding a very inexpensive place to eat located in the north, can you help me?
Yes there are two listings, one for italian and one for indian food,are those the types of food you are looking for?
I don't care, as long as it's cheap it's fine. Which do you recommend?
Can I recommend royal spice located on Victoria Avenue Chesterton? Would you like to make a booking there?
Yes, I would like a table for 1 at 18:00 on Friday night.
I'm sorry, we were not able to book that restaurant. How about da vinci pizzeria located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton?
How about a different restaurant in the same area and price range?
Yes sure I got you into Da Vinci Pizzeria and your reference number is IQA12P3U.
Thank you so much that is all I need.
Thank you, that was all I needed.
I need help finding a chinese restaurant located near the centre.
There are ten Chinese restaurants in the centre. Is there a price range you'd like to stay within? 
Not really.  Can you recommend one?  I'll need the contact information.
Jinling Noodle Bar is at 11 Peas Hill City Centre. There phone number is 01223566188. Would you like me to book you there?
Great I also need some information on The Lensfield Hotel
The lensfield hotel is an expensive 3-star hotel located in the south withe free wifi and parking. The phone number is  01223355017 and the address is 53-57 lensfield road. Anything else?
Can you book it for me for Monday for 3 nights?
How many people will be staying with you?
Just me, can you also get me a taxi please too
Yes, where would you like to leave from?
I need to leave from the hotel by 9:15.
Can you tell me where your destination is going to be for the taxi?
I'd like a sedan taxi and destination will be Jinling Noodle Bar is at 11 Peas Hill City Centre
Great, I've booked you a white toyota leaving the lensfield for jinling at 9:15. Your contact number is 07734572228. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, thank you, you've been very helpful.
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre.  I hope you have a pleasant trip!  Goodbye!
Can you help me find a place to stay with free parking?
I found 29 places matching that criteria. Do you have a particular area you would like to stay in or a price range you would like to stick to? 
I'd like to stick to a moderate price range.
Okay and what area would you like to stay in?
I would like to stay in town centr
I'm sorry there are no moderately priced hotels in the centre of town with free parking. Would you like me to check a different area or price range?
Actually, the area doesn't matter. I just need a 4-star hotel in the moderate price range.
I do have some guesthouses, but no hotels.  Would you like reservations at one?
I really would like a hotel not a guesthouse, can you please search again - open to all areas.
I apologize, but the are no hotels available that meet the following criteria:  free parking, moderate price range, 4-stars. Would you like me to change the search criteria?
Can you double check for a 4 star hotel in the moderate price range with free parking?
I have 9 guesthouses that meet your criteria. Is there an area you are interested in?
There is no certain area but I'd prefer a hotel.
I'm sorry but you will have to change some of your criteria if you would like me to find you something or accept a guest house.
I apologize for all this confusion the type of lodging doesn't matter. I would like it to have free parking, be 4 star, moderately priced, and the area doesn't matter.
Okay, no problem! I recommend the Acorn Guest House. It has everything you're looking for. 
Great, can you please book it for me? There will be 7 of us staying
Of course I can help you with that. What day will be arriving and for how many days will you be staying?
I will be arriving on Tuesday and staying for two days please. 
Booking was successful. Reference number is : AKH4MCWD. Anything else I can help you with?
No that is all thank you very much
You are welcome! Please don't hesitate to reach out if you need anything further, and until then goodbye!
Hi, I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant on the south side of town.
Pizza Hut cherry hinton is a moderately priced restaurant in the south area. Would you like their information? 
Yes. phone number please
Pizza Hut Cherry Hinton is phone number is 01223 323737.
I'm not sure where on the south side I'm going to be.  Could you suggest an alternate restaurant and give me their information, too?
The only other option is restaurant alimentum. Their phone number is 01223 413000, their address is 152 - 154 Hills Road and their postcode is C.B 2, 8 P.B.
i need a moderately priced hotel in south cambridge.
There are no moderately priced hotels in the south. Would you be interested in a moderately priced guesthouse?
I'm actually looking for the warkworth house hotel.
The warkworth house is a guesthouse in the east area of town. Would you like me to book the guesthouse for you?
Yes, I would like to book for four people starting Thursday night and lasting three nights. 
I have booked your hotel at the Warkworth House, arriving Thursday for three nights.  Your reference number is 853I1LMK. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I am looking for a nightclub in centre of town.
There are five nightclubs in that area. Would you like more info on them?
Yes can I get the phone number and address for them?
Is there a particular one you would like the address and phone number for, or would you like the contact information for all of them?
Ah, just pick one for me that looks interesting, and give me the address and phone number for that one.
Okay. Club Salsa's telephone number is 07782218745 and their address is 1 station road. The entrance fee is 5 pounds by the way.
That's all I need. Thanks.
You're welcome, enjoy your time in Cambridge. 
I am looking for places to go when I get to town. Are there any good museums?
There are many museums. Do you prefer a certain part of town?
Yes I would prefer to be in the west. 
Ok, I have 7 listings. Might I suggest the Museum of Classical Archaeology?
That sounds great. Can i get the address and entrance fee?
They are located on sidgewick avenue and admission is free.   Can I assist with anything else?
I am also looking for a place to stay.  Perhaps 4 stars, and I need wifi.
There are a few places that match that description. Do you know what area you'd like to stay in?
Yes I am looking for a guesthouse in the north. Can you book it for 2 nights starting Saturday for 1 person?
May I suggest the Acorn Guest House?
That sounds like a great place. 
sure thing all set! reference number is IS8BB29K anything else for you today?
No. Thank you though, this has been very helpful. 
Great! Have a great day!
I am looking for boating places can town, can you tell me if there are any available?
There is boating in the east, north, and in the centre. Do you have a preference? 
No, i just want to know the entrance fee.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the entrance fees.  Would you like the phone numbers?
No, but can I get the postcode and address of the one in the East, please?
Camboats is found in the east. Their postcode is cb58sx and their number is 01223902112
I need the address as well please?
Their address is the plough, green end, fen ditton. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need to catch a train to Cambridge for Sunday. I'll be departing from bishops stortford.
What time would you like to arrive?
I need to arrive by 21:30 please.
Okay! The latest one that you can take leaves at 19:29. Would you like me to book that for you?
What is the arrival time?
the train will arrive by 14:07 or earlier if you need.
I'll take the latest one. Please get me 6 ticketss
Your tickets have been booked. Your reference number is MNOJ7KDZ.
Thank you so much. I appreciate your help.
What else can I look up for you?
Nothing, that is all that I need. Thank you.
Thank you and have a wonderful day!
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
OK, and how can I help you?
I need to find a hotel in Cambridge.
Any particular location or price range?
Yes I would like to stay in an expensive hotel in the city center.
University Arms is available. 
What's their address and star rating? And do they have free parking?
University Arms Hotel Star rating is 4. Should i go ahead and book that for you?
no, thanks. does it have free parking and what's the address
They do have parking. They are on Regent Street. Can I help you with anything else?
I need to book a train for 6 people departing at Cambridge and arriving at Stevenage at 10:30.
What day would you like to leave?
I need to leave on a Monday please.
Let me find one for you.
Excellent, thanks. 
I found you the TR8290 that leaves at 09:21 on monday arriving at 10:10. Would you like to book this one?
I need it to arrive at 10:30 actually. 
That is the closest train we have to 10:30
arriving at 10:10 is fine.can i get six tickets?
Your train is booked.  Total fee is 76.8 GBP payable at the station.  Reference number: L9XGQW87
Great, thank you! I won't be needing anything else! Bye!
Have a wonderful time in town. I am glad to help you from Cambridge TownInfo Centre.  Goodbye.
I need info on attractions in the center of the town. 
What type of attraction are you looking to attend?
I'm not sure.  Can you recommend one for me?
I recommend  old school architecture. it is  located in trinity lane. can i give you the address?
Yes I would like the ostcode and phone number as well. Can you find a me a train departing cambridge on wednesday? 
Old Schools, Trinity Lane, cb21tt.  The phone number is 01223332320.  As for the train, which station will you be traveling to?
I am going to Kings Lynn.
I will book it for you,is there anything else I can do for you ?
need a hotel with free wifi please
Is there a specific area you would like to stay in?
I would like a place with a 4 star rating.
There are 21 4 star hotels with free wifi, would you like me to narrow that down with any other details?
Could you just pick one and book it for 6 people for 2 nights from Friday?
Did you want it to be in a specific area of town? 
the area doesn't matter, could you recommend a place?
Huntington Marriott Hotel, 2 nights for 6 people beginning Friday. Your reference number is WQ7SC2AD. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, I'll need a train to Cambridge that same day, please. I'll be leaving from Bishops Stortford after 12:45.
The TR4076 leaves at 13:29, and arrives at 14:07. Would you like to book it?
Can you just give me the price on it please?
The price for this train ticket is 10.10 pounds. Do you need anything else?
No, that's it. Thanks! 
Alright. Have a great day.
Can you help me find a place to eat? I am looking for somewhere in the east with a moderate price.
 There is the Curry Prince and Rajmahal restuarants serving Indian food.  Then there is the Pizza Hut Fen Ditton serving Italian food. Which would you like more information on?
I think I'd like to try Rajmahal. Could you book me a table for 1 on Monday at 16:15?
Your reservation has been booked. Your reference number is Q9DRQ55J. Please be aware that your table will only be reserved until 16:30. Can i provide any more assistance?
I'm also looking for things to do in the same general area as the restaurant.
Sure, are you interested in museums, sports, parks, entertainment, swimming or boating?
Are there any cinemas? If there isn't what about something that has to do with multiple sports?
There aren't any cinemas in the general area, but what types of sports are you interested in?
All of them. What's there?
The Cherry Hinton Village Centre is the only one located there, their address is Colville Road, Cherry Hinton. Anything else I can help you with?
Can I please get the phone number?
Yes, the phone number is 01223576412. How else can I help?
That will be all, thank you very much for all of your help.
Thank you let me know if you need help again.
I'd like to find out more about the bloomsbury restaurant
Certainly! It is an international restaurant in the Centre of town. It is moderately-priced. It is at the Crowne Plaza Hotel, at 20 Downing Street. Would you like a reservation?
Yes please, Friday at 18:15 for 7 people.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : G0X4NIAA. is there any way i can be of help to you?
Well, I'm also looking to stay somewhere for a bit.  I need someplace with free wifi and parking.
Yes, there are a number of hotels with free parking and WiFi, what area do you wish to stay? 
I would like a hotel in the western part of town.
There are four choices. Does it matter whether it is a hotel or guest house? Or any other preferences?
Looking specifcally for a hotel, can you book me for 7 people for 5 nights on friday
Would you prefer cheap or expensive?
I don't have a preference.
Booking was successful at the cambridge belfry, Reference number is : TNJXRQR5. Can I assist you with anything further?
That is everything I needed.  Thanks!
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre service!
I am looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the north part of town, what do you have available?
I show two restaurants that fit your criteria. One is chinese and one is indian. Which one would you like to find out more about?
Please tell me the address and phone number of the indian restaurant
The Nirala is located at 7 Milton Road Chesterton and can be reached at 01223 360966. Will that be all or can I assist you further? 
That's all I need, thank you.  Goodbye!
Thank you for choosing our system. Good bye 
I am looking for a train to Stansted airport.
Finding a train into the stansted airport will not be a problem. Do you have a departure point in mind?
I will be leaving from Cambridge and just need to arrive by 14:30. 
There are 63 trains that fit that criteria. Is there a specific day you need to leave?
Right. Tuesday. Sorry.
No worries! I have TR8714 departing Cambridge at 13:40 and arriving at Stansted Airport at 14:08. Will that work for you?
Yes. I am also looking for a place to stay on the north side of Cambridge. The hotel can have a 0 star rating.
City Centre North B&B is a cheap guesthouse on the north side. It has free wifi and free parking.
That sounds perfect! I will take it.
When would you like to make your reservation for, and for how many people?
Oh, my mistake, I don't want a booking, just the information.
Absolutely! The City Centre North B and B is located at 328a Histon Road, postcode cb43ht. Their number is 01223312843. Can I help you with anything else today?
Yes, I would like to book starting Friday, for four nights and five people please.
I'm sorry, I could not make that booking. Would you be able to book another day or have a shorter stay?
What about for only 3 nights?
Booking was successful for 3 nights at city centre north b and b starting on Friday. Your reference number is VJKBCF6E. Can I help with anything else?
No, that will do it. Thanks for your help!
No, problem, I hope you have a great day!
Hello, please find me a museum in the center of town.
There are eleven to choose from. Would you like an art museum or another kind of museum?
find me the address ,phone number and fee for an art museum in the center of town.
Primavera is located at 10 Kings Parade.  The phone number is 01223357708.  The admission is free.  Is there anything else I can find for you? 
Thanks, yes please. I'm also looking for some 3-star lodgings that offer complimentary parking.
I have places that meet those requirements all over town, except in the east. If price is not an issue, I recommend the Gonville Hotel in the center.
The Gonville Hotel sounds good. As long as it is close to the attraction.
What type of attraction?
I am interested in a museum. 
well then the castle galleries is the place to go.
Oh, no, I am happy with Primavera, thanks.  I just need that reservation at Gonville.  5 nights on Friday for 1 person please.
I have reserved 5 days at Gonville hotel beginning Friday.  Your reference number is KS5S2XSF.
Just need a taxi from gonville to the primavera, I want to leave by 15:45
Booking completed!  Booked car type: yellow volkswagen.  Contact number: 07294843257.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
Actually, I'm all taken care of. Thanks. Goodbye. 
You're welcome! goodbye
Could you tell me if there is a swimmingpool in the center of town?
Yes, Parkside Pools is located in the Centre of town at Gonville Place. Would you like their phone number?
No but I would like the address and entrance fee.
It's located at gonville place and unfortunately, I do not know the entrance fee. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I am looking to buy a train ticket departing from Cambridge, and I need to arrive by 14:30.
There are several trains that depart from Cambridge.  Can you please tell me the destination and the day you would like to depart.
I'll be heading to Peterborough on Friday.
The TR0545 arrives at 13:56. Would you like me to book a ticket?
Can you please give me the price of that train.
It is 16.50 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book a ticket?
no, thanks. That will be all. goodbye.
Have a wonderful day! 
Good evening. I'm kind of in a situation. The hotel I had planned to stay was overbooked and I need to find me a room pretty quickly. Can you help?
There are many hotels available, do you have any preferences to price or area? 
Not really. But it should be in the North.
There are two hotels on the north end, the Ashley Hotel and the Lovell Lodge. Which would you like?
I would prefer a guesthouse thats 4 star rated. Do either of those fit the bill? 
No, I'm afraid they're both two stars.  Would you like to try one of them anyway?
Do they have free wifi at either of them?
Yes both have free internet. Which one do you prefer?
I would really like a four star guesthouse in the north area, I don't need parking.
Okay, I've found several place that meet those requirements. I suggest the Avalon. Would you like me to make a reservation for you? 
First could you tell me the price range for the Avalon? 
The price range at the Avalon is moderate. Do you have any more questions?
Yes, can you confirm if the Avalon has Internet, please?
Yes they does, but no free parking though.
Cool. Thanks I'm good now. Goodbye.
You have a wonderful day!
I am looking for a restaurant in the south part of town and serving portuguese food. What is the address and phone number?
Nandos is a portuguese restaurant in the south part of town. Their address is Cambridge Leisure Park Clifton Way and their phone number is 01223 327908 
Ok.  Thanks.
Is there anything else we can help you with?
That is all, thank you, goodbye. 
Goodbye.
I am looking for a place to dine. The restaurant should be in the expensive price range and should serve italian food
I have the caffe uno in the centre of town. Would that work?
No, I just realized I'll be in the south area. Are there any that meet my criteria in the south?
Yes, Frankie and Bennys is in the south and meets your criteria. Would you like me to make a reservation?
Yes could you book me a table for two Sunday at 11:15?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : ZYQX1TYK.
Thank you so much for all of your help. Have a great day.
You are so welcome. Enjoy your meal.
Can you help me find a train that leaves on friday departing from bishops stortford?
Absolutely! What time do you need to arrive by?
I need to leave after 09:15, please.
You have a few options available if you're traveling from bishops stortford to cambridge. There is a train leaving at 09:29, Does that work for you?
Great. Let's book it for 6 people. Give me the reference number. 
Your train has been booked for 6 people. The train ID is TR2083. Your reference number is WCVY3PV1.
Thanks. I'm also looking for information on moderately priced hotels with free wifi.
You have 17 options that meet that criteria. Would you like a recommendation or do you want to narrow your options down?
The place must have a 3 star rating and include parking.
Do you have a preferred area of town?
No I do not. 
I'm sorry.  Nothing is coming up for your specifications.  I need you to narrow down your info.
Well lets try again and book me in what you choose for 2 nights from Friday for 6 people.
How about bridge guest house? They are moderately priced with free wifi and parking and 3 stars.
That sounds great.  Can I book 2 nights for 6 people starting on Friday. 
I have you booked, the reference number is VM1KGTU7, can I help with anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thank you so much.
Thank you for calling. Enjoy your trip! Goodbye!
I need to find a train going to Broxbourne leaving from Cambridge. Can you help?
I sure can!  The TR6549 leaves at 05:01.  Need a ticket?
I need to leave on Sunday and arrive by 18:45.
I can book you TR4481 that leaves at 17:01 and arrives at 18:01. Do you want me to book it? 
Yes please book it for me.
I can do that.  First, let me confirm how many tickets will be needed?
I will only need one ticket.
Great your booking was successful and your reference number is 875DQ3RF.
Thanks. I am also looking for a hotel called the Warkworth house. I need the phone number, price range, and info on if they have free parking.
The Warkworth is located in the east and is moderately priced. They offer both free internet and parking. Their phone number is 01223363682. Would you like to book a room?
No, I am still in the planning stages.  Thanks for all of your help, you have answered all of my questions.  Goodbye.
Thank you have a nice day.
Hi, I am looking to book a taxi departing from Loch Fyne after 11:00.
What is your destination?
I'm heading to the bridge guest house.
I have confirmed a taxi for you, picking you up at 11:00 at loch fyne. A yellow lexus will pick you up. Their contact number is 07307653173.  
Great. Thank you.
Have a great day!
i need to find a place to stay in the east side
I have 7 such places to stay. Is there a specific price point you would like to stay in or do you need parking and/or wifi?
I need a room in the expensive price range.
I think you would enjoy Express by Holiday Inn Cambridge. 
I'd also like it to have a 4 star rating.
Unfortunately, I do not happen to have anything 4-star rated that is expensive and in the east. Would you like me to try a different price range or area? 
Yes, can you try a moderately priced place instead? 
I would recommend A and B Guest House.  It fits your criteria except it is in a moderate price range.
That sounds great! May I have their address, please?
A and B guest house is on 124 tenison road, cb12dp. Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you.  Also I am looking for the address of a place called williams art and antiques.  
I found that for you.  It is located at gwydir street, no. 5 dale's brewery and their phone number is 01223311687.
Thanks. I would like a taxi to commute between the two places. 
Certainly.  Would time would you like to leave and arrive at your destination.
I just need to leave the hotel by 03:45.
Your ride has been booked, it will be a white bmw. Call 07514195379 if you have any further questions.
OK, thanks. That's all I need today! 
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for an Italian restaurant in the expensive price range. 
Certainly, there are several expensive Italian restaurants. Would you prefer the centre or south of town? 
Can we do the centre of town?
Stazione restaurant and coffee bar	is in the centre of town.
Phone number and postcode, please.
The phone number is 01223352607, and postcode is cb23nj
Thank you, that's all I need today. You've been a great help - goodbye!
Thank you for choosing the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day!
i want to book a taxi
I would be happy to help. What are your departure and destination sites, and what time?
I would like to leave the Leverton House after 08:00 to go to the Cambridge Lodge Restaurant.
Booked! Your car is a black volvo. Contact number: 07380094079  
Thanks for all your help that would be all.
Glad we could be of assistance. Thank you
Hi. Can you help me find a train?
Sure. Where will you be departing from and where do you want to go? 
I want to depart from leicester and go to cambridge. I also want to leave on saturday
What time would you like to leave?
I need to leave after 13:45. Can you help find something?
I have the TR0137 leaving at 14:09. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes that will be fine, can you book me a seat for 2 people and give me the reference number?
I have booked you on the TR0137 for two people with reference number is A4MGZVE0.  The total fee is 60.48 GBP payable at the station. Will that be all?
Actually, I could use some help finding an expensive restaurant in the west part of town. 
I have 9 restaurants that meet your requests. Would you be interested in British, European, Indian, or Thai cuisine?
I would like european, please
Cambridge Lodge restaurant fits your criteria. Would you like more information on it or would you like to book a table?
I just need the address please. 
The address is Cambridge Lodge Hotel 139 Huntingdon Road City Centre.
Thank you for the address. That is all the help I need today.
Enjoy the rest of your day, goodbye!
Hello! Are there any cheap restaurants in the centre?
There are 15! Are you looking for a particular type of cuisine?
No just one that I can book for friday would be good.
What time would you like to book and for how many people?
16:00 on Friday please for 6 people.
zizzi cambridge is an italian restaurant in the centre, shall I book? 
Yes, can I also get the reference number?
Your reference number is AZ5ZZKQ0.
Thank you, I also am looking for a train that goes from cambridge to stansted airport
I can help you with that.  What is the date and time you need to travel?
I need to arrive by 09:45 Saturday.
I can get you on one at 8:40. Would you like me to book it? 
Yes, please. For 6 people.
I can book you on TR5580 which will leave cambridge at 08:40 and arrive at stansted airport b 09:08.  How many shall I book it for?
I would need 6 tickets please and the reference number. 
The total fee is 48.48 GBP and is payable at the station. The reference number is  J1U2HA9U.
Thank you. That'll be all!
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Please consider us for your future travel needs.
I'm looking for a train to Broxbourne.
What day would you like to travel on?
I would like to leave on Tuesday after 21:00 from cambridge. Can you accommodate?
Yes, there are trains departing at 21:01, 22:01 and 23:01 on Tuesday.  Which time would like?
2 tickets on the 21:01, please. And can you give me the reference number once that's booked?
I have booked your tickets. Your reference number is LJWDINYN. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thanks.  I would also like to go a museum on the east side.
I found 4 museums, I'd recommend the Cambridge Artworks as it is free to enter. Would you like any information on it?
Just the address, please.
They are located at 5 greens road.
Thank you very much. Should be all
Thank you for using our services.
I'm looking for specific restaurant.
Do you know the name of this restaurant?
The Hakka restaurant is located at 24 Milton Road Cambridge Cambridgeshire CB4 1JY.  The average cost is approximately 30 per person.
Looks like you're doing my job for me! Did you want to know about the Hakka Restaurant then?
Maybe.  Anyway.  I also need a place to stay in the south area. 
I found a 4 star moderately priced aylesbray lodge guest house located in the south. Would you like me to book reservations.
I need to book a taxi.
I can do that for you. Where would you like to be picked up and what is your final destination?
I have to be to whale of a time by 16:15
I'd be happy to book that for you, where do you need picked up from?
I would like to leave from the gallery at twelve a high street.
Your taxi is booked. It is a yellow skoda.
Thank you.  Can I get a contact number?
The contact number 07123859913.
Thank you, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.
Hello, what expensive restaurants do you know of in the East part of town?
I have 5, 2 Indian, a Chinese, a British, and a gastropub. Any of them tickle your fancy?
Can you tell me about the indian places? Are any of them expensive?
Sitar Tandoori is my favorite. They are indeed expensive. Would you like to book a table there?
What is their phone number?
Their phone number is 01223249955. Would you like to make a reservation? Or can I help with anything else?
I need to find an attraction.
There are several attractions in the east part of town. Are you interested in a specific type, such as a museum or outdoors?
It is  called cambridge book and print gallery.
Cambridge book and print gallery is in the west, not the east. Are you sure that was the name of the attraction?
Yes, I just need the entrance fee and phone number
Good news, the entrance fee is free!  And the phone number is 01223694264.  Can I help you with anything else today?
No, that's it.  Thank you for your assistance today, you have been very helpful!
Have a great night. I'm glad to be of assistance!
Is there any moderately priced hotel that offers free parking by any chance?
There are several, is there a particular area you are interested in?
I'm not really picky on an area as long as it is a nice area and the hotel has a 3 star rating.
well I have a few for you when is your stay?
Hotel you want to book it for 7 people and 5 nights starting thursday and need a confirmation number thank you 
Booking was successful.Reference number is : B6H2PD8G.
I also need to find a moderately priced Italian restaurant.
I hev five options, on which location do you prefer?
i will act on your suggestion.
Prezzo is an italian restaurant on the east part of town in the moderate price range.
Can you reserve a table?
Yes, I can sure book that for you.  What evening would you like in particular?  How many will be dining?
Actually, I don't need a booking yet. You've  told me that Prezzo is in the east. All I need is the postcode.
I'm sorry, prezzo is actually located in the west. The postcode is cb30ad.
Ok great thank you. That is all the information I need today.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I'd like you to tell me about great Indian restaurants in the area.  It's okay if they are expensive.
There are a total of 14 different expensive Indian restaurants located throughout the city. Is there a particular area of town you would like to eat in?
No. Choose one for me.
Curry garden has good reviews, would you like to book there?
Sure! Can you book a table for 8 people at 17:30 on Friday?
Sure.  Your reference number is QLMRQ3H2.  Anything else?
Thank you. That's all I need right now. Bye.
You're welcome. Goodbye!
I'd like to find some place to go on the east side of town. 
I can certainly suggest something for you. I have 10 options. Do you prefer an entertainment venue, or perhaps a museum or park, etc?
I would prefer just anything in the east, can you give me the address and attraction type of one?
No problem. How does the Funky Fun House sound? It is standard entertainment and it is located at 8 mercers row, mercers row industrial estate.
Sounds great. That's all I needed. Thank you!
Thank you. Have a good day, goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a place to stay.  Can you help me? 
I can definitely help with that. First of all, is there a preference on price range? 
Moderately priced with a star of 3 will do.
I have four options. Do you have a preference on which side of town? 
I would like one in the North please
I would recommend the Alpha-Milton Guest House.  It is in the North and moderately priced.
Does it have free wifi? I will need the postcode if it does.
I am afraid it does not. Hamilton lodge does have free wifi. Would you like to book it?
No, that's ok. May I have the post code for the Hamilton?
Sure!  The postcode is cb41da.
I am also looking for places to go in the same area as the hotel. 
Sure. There are 2 swimming pools, a boat attraction, and a park in the area. Which one would you like information on?
The boat sounds like something I'd enjoy.  Is there an entrance fee?
I'm sorry but the entrance fee can only be seen once at the location.
Okay.  Well, thank you and goodbye!  Have a nice day.
You're welcome!  I hope that you have a nice day as well!  Goodbye.
I'm looking for something to do in town. Are there any interesting attraction in the north part of town?
Yes, there are several places: I see a boat, a park, and two swimming pools. Would one of these work for you?
Ooh, a pool would be fun. Can you give me their contact info?
Great! kings hedges learner pool is located at jedburgh court, kings hedges Postcode is cb42xh and their phone is 01223353248. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
I need a train from bishops shortford.  
I can help you with that.  Can you confirm the destination you are traveling to?
I need a train to arrive by 21:15 on friday going to cambridge. 
You've got 8 choices from very early morning to somewhat late evening. What would you prefer?
Pick the closest one to the arrival time. I need it for 3 people and I need the reference number.
Great. Your reference number is  T1Y3TBQX and you are fully booked.
Thanks for all your help. That's all for me. Bye!
Glad to help. Have a wonderful day!
Yes, I'd like some help looking for a particular restaurant. The name of the restaurant is Darrys Cookhouse and Wine Shop. I'd like to know where it's located and how expensive.
Certainly it is in the expensive price range and it is located at 40270 King Street City Center.
Perfect, could you make a reservation for 7 people at 17:00 on Sunday?
Unfortunately there are no reservations available at that time. Would you like me to look for another restaurant?
Yes, please look for a different restaurant in the same area and price range as Darrys Cookhouse. 
How about Erania. It's a European resturant at Free School Lane City Centre.  
What is the address,please? 
Their address is free school lane city centre, would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book that for the same party and time on Sunday.
Thank you. Good-bye
Hi, I could sure use some help with my planning.  I am looking for a particular hotel.
Can you please tell me the name of the hotel you are looking for?
The name of the place is called a and b guest house.
a and b guest house located 124 tenison road is can i book it for you?
Yes, I'd like to book for 4 people and for 4 nights, starting from Friday. Can you check availability?
I was able to book you for 4 people for 4 nights starting on Friday.  Your reference number is BTA1MEE0.  Can I help you with anything else?
I am also looking for some attractions in the West. 
There is the cafe jello gallery, if you like museums, or churchill college.
Hmmm. Cafe Jello Gallery sounds interesting.  May I please get their address?
Their address is 124 tenison road.
Yes, I just happen to be looking for a place to stay tonight. The hotel should be located in the west part of town and it should include free parking.
Would you prefer a guesthouse or a hotel?
Um, I don't care. I'd prefer it if it was cheap though.
The Cambridge Belfry is located in the west in the cheap price range with free parking. Would you like me to book it?
Is that a four star place?
Yes, it does have 4 stars.
Please do.  I need it for 4 nights on Friday.  There are 6 of us.
That one is not open then,but I do have one fitting the same criteria avaible, Finches, shall I book it?
Yes, as long as Finches is in the cheap price range please book it and give me the reference number.
Okay, you're booked with reference number DAE0XR6A. May I help with anything else?
No thank you. Goodbye.
Thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Good Bye.
I'm looking for a place to stay. I'd like to stay in a guesthouse that doesn't need to include internet.
There are a total of 24 guesthouses available. Acorn Guest House has a 4 star rating, offers free wifi and free parking. Would you be interested in booking here?
Is that in the center of town? I do need to be in the center.
Acorn Guesthouse is not in the center, however I found two guesthouses that are.  Alexander Bed and Breakfast is 4 stars.  Would you like to book there?
Yes, please make my reservation at the Alexander Bed and Breakfast.
What day would you like to book on and for how long?
Could i get the phone number?
I am sorry I cannot find Acorn for you. I do however have a four star guesthouse called alexander bed and breakfast. How does that sound?
That's fine. Can I please have the phone number?
The phone number for the alexander bed and breakfast is 01223525725. Is there anything else I can help with today?
Yes, may I have the address?
The phone number for Alexander Bed and Breakfast is 01223525725. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm also looking for a restaurant that is in the expensive price range and serves spanish food.
unfortunately  I do not find any expensive spanish places to dine. Would you like to try something different? Also the hotels address is 56 saint barnabas road.
Is there a restaurant in the expensive price range that serves british food?
There are 6 restaurants fitting that criteria. Is there a particular area of town that you would like?
I don't care
How about Graffiti?  It is located in the west part of town.
Let's go ahead and make a reservation for 6 at 19:30 for this coming Wednesday. Oh, and can I get that reference number, too, please?
All right, you have a table for six at the Graffiti. Your reference number is 5DHN40HK.
Thank you for your time.
You're welcome. Can I do anything else for you?
No. That sounds like everything. Thank you.
You're welcome. Enjoy your stay.
What trains leave London Liverpool Street and go to Cambridge?
There are several trains that depart from London Liverpool Street on Friday. Is there a particular time you wish to leave by?
Yes, sometime after 09:15.
There are several trains departing on Friday every :39 of the hour from 9:39 to 23:39. Would you like me to book one of these for you?
I'll go with the 9:39.
Wonderful, your train has been booked!
I think I forgot to add that I will need the booking for 3 people please. Will you modify the booking for me?
Great! Thank you for your help.
Please modify the booking for three people please.
Sure. Just a moment. 
I need a reference number for the train. Then I need to find a moderate Italian restaurant in the east for 3 people at 16:30 on Saturday, and a reference number.
Ok, I have three tickets booked on the 9:39. The reference number is QOL9GX6F. Does Pizza Hut Fen Ditton sound good? It's the only Italian restaurant in east.
Yes I think that would be good. Is that available at 4:30 PM?
What day and how many people are you looking to book for?
I am looking for 3 people, at 16:30 on saturday.
Ok, I have booked dinner for three on Saturday at 16:30 at Pizza Hut Fen Ditton. Your reference number is MLMBLJEG. Enjoy your meal!
Thank you that is all the info I need.
Thank you for choosing Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Have a nice trip!
I'm looking for a guesthouse that includes free parking. 
There are 21 results. Is there a certain area you'd like to stay in?
I'd like to stay in the centre please.
May I recommend Alexander Bed and Breakfast. They are a four star guesthouse in the cheap price range with free wifi and parking.
That sounds like exactly what I need.
They are located at 56 Saint Barnabas Road and their phone number is 01223525725. Can I make a booking for you?
Yes.  I would like to book for Tuesday for 3 nights for 2 people.
You have a reservation for 2 people for 3 nights, starting Tuesday at the alexander bed and breakfast. Your reference number is : H3PIALJO. Can I assist with something else. 
I am also looking for the Restaurant "The Good Luck Chinese Food Takeaway". Do you know it? 
I found the good luck Chinese food takeaway is in south side of the town and price range is expensive. Do you want me to book a table?
Yes for Tuesday at 14:00 on Tuesday please.
How many people will join you?
It will be for two people. I will also need a taxi and to make sure it arrives at the restaurant on time. I need the contact number and car.
Is there a certain time you want to leave?
Sorry, did you get a reservation made for the restaurant?
Sorry, yes, the reference number for the restaurant is STX7467S. 
That is everything that I need.
We thank you for using our services.  Goodbye.
I'm hoping to book a train from bishops stortford to cambridge. Please list all times for that route.
There's a total of 70 trains. Is there a particular time of day you would like to travel?
I need to leave Wednesday and arrive after 11:15.
Thanks for that information. What time you would like to leave?
I would like to leave after 11:15. 
Unfortunately there are no trains meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look up another departure and arrival time?
no, i want that day and time please
The TR0516 leaves Cambridge at 11:29 on Wednesday. Will that work for you?
Well, I need to know the arrival time first.
Arrival time is 12:07 does that work for you?
Yeah, that works. Can you recommend a 0 star hotel for me?
Yes I have two guesthouses and 1 hotel in that category do you have a preferred area?
I would like an expensive place to dine, centre of town.
Great! There are 33 such restaurants. What type of food would you like to eat?
The type of food doesn't matter, but I need a reservation for 8 people.
What day and time are you looking to book your reservation?
12:45 on wednesday for 8 people please and may I get the reservation number after you book it please?
I made a reservation at the restaurant kymmoy. The confirmation number is UR49SKNA
Thank you for booking the reservation for mr,goodbye.
Let me know if you need anything else. Good Bye. 
Need a restaurant that is moderate priced and in the centre.
There are quite a few moderately priced restaurants in the centre. Can you help me by telling me what kind of food you're looking for? 
I am looking for a restaurant that serves Polish food,
There is a lovely Polish restaurant called Barbakan, would you like me to make you a reservation?  
Yes, that sounds great! Could you make the reservation for 4 please?
I'm sorry, I must have made a mistake.  There is no moderatly priced polish restaurant in the centre.  Would you be interested in another type of food?
How about a place with British food? May as well get the full Cambridge experience! I'd like the address with postcode and phone number. Please don't reserve a table just yet.
There are 4 to choose from, The Oak Bistro, The Copper Kettle, Restaurant One Seven, and Cotto. Do you have a preference?
Lets go with the Copper Kettle.  I'd like their address as well.
Sure thing! The Copper Kettle is located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Their postcode is cb21sj. You can reach them at 01223365068. Would you be needing a reservation after all?
yes and im also looking  for a train from norwich on tuesday going to cambridge arriving by 19:15
I have a train from norwich to cambridge on tuesday that will leave at 17:16 and arrive by 18:35. Will this work for you?
Yes that will work what is the price of the ticket? 
It'll be 17.60 pounds.
Thanks, that's all I need. Have a nice day.
You're welcome, have a nice day, too.
I am looking to book a place to stay in Cambridge with free wifi with a moderate price range, can you help me with that?
Yes I have many options. Do you have preference for what part of town you stay in?
No preference. I'm looking for a 4 star and guesthouse type.
The acorn guest house is located in the north area and has free internet and parking. Would you like me to book this for you?
What is the address and phone number?
the phone number is 01223315702	and this is address. zipcode-cb12dp	124 tenison road.
I also need a train to Leicester on Monday.  Can you help?
What is your departure site and time?
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave after 12:45.
Train TR6799 leaves Cambridge at 13:21 and arrives in Leicester at 15:06, and is 37.80 pounds.  Would you like me to book this for you?
Yes, for 5 tickets please. 
I have booked 5 tickets for you, your reference number is BEDWHGFA. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
No that's all, thanks! 
Thank You for using our service, have we met all of your needs?
Yes, thank you so much for all of your help. Have a nice day. 
You're very welcome, thank you. You have a nice day as well. 
Alright, if that's everything I'm going to close the dialogue, thanks again!
And, again, you are welcome.
Is there a cheap place in the north part of town? 
There are two restaurants that meet your specification. One is Italian and the other is Indian. Which would you prefer?
Italian, please. Can you give me the address?
da vinci pizzeria is in the north part of town their address is 20 Milton Road Chesterton.
What is the phone number please?
da vinci pizzeria's phone number is 01223351707. Can I help you with anything else? 
No that will be it.  Thank you 
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Yes, I need a hotel in the moderate price range please.
Would you like a hotel in the north or the centre?
The north.  But I do need an actual hotel, no guestrooms.  
I have two hotels available that meet that criteria.  Would you like more information? 
Yes, tell me about those.
Ashley hotel is 2 stars with free internet and free parking lot. 
What about the other hotel?
Lovell Lodge is also two stars.  In the moderate price range, located in the North, at 365 milton road. It has free parking and wifi. 
Could you book me a room at one of those? I need it for 6 people and 2 nights starting from saturday.
I was able to book you at the Ashley Hotel at 74 chesterton road.  Your Reference number is : PM69RLXB Do you need anything else?
Thank you so much. That is all I need.
Enjoy your stay.
Howdy, I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay. I'd like a place with free parking.
There are many places that meet that criteria. Do you have any other preferences?
I prefer a hotel rather than a guesthouse with a rating of at least 3 stars.
I have nothing with that exact criteria, perhaps something with a bit of a change in criteria?
How about an expensive one?
I have Gonville Hotel in the centre and The Lensfield Hotel in the south that both meet your needs. Would you like to book one of these two?
Yes. Either of those should work although I would prefer The Lensfield Hotel since its in the south.
OK! I can book a room for you if you can tell me the day you're arriving, how many nights you need, and the number of people in your party.
Please book for 4 people and 5 nights starting from saturday.
I'm sorry, the Lensfield Hotel does not have anything available then. Would you like me to try the Gonville Hotel for you?
Yes, anything in the same price range will work.
I was able to book a room at the Gonville for you, ref#AE00VOHE. Can I help you with anything else today?
No thank you that is all I need today.
Thank you for using this service. Enjoy your stay. Good bye. 
I am looking for an expensive Danish place. 
Are you looking for a Danish restaurant?
Yes please.  In the centre of town.
I am sorry I have no listings for that type of restaurant, is there any other type of food you would like? 
Is there an expensive chinese restaurant in the centre?
Yes I was able to locate 4. Can I book a table for you?
Yes please,for tonight at 9 PM if possible.
I will make a booking for you at hk fusion, but I do need to know what day and time you prefer, and for how many people.
For four, Thursday, 11:45.
Booking unsuccessful. Would you like to try another restaurant? 
Yes please in the same area and price range.
Booked at ugly duckling. Reference number: EQFGNMFY. Table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks so much!
Is there anything else that I can book for you or assist you with for your upcoming trip?
That was all I needed today thank you!
Thank you have a good day.
I'd like to find out when a train leaves on Sunday for Cambridge.
Where will you be departing from? And is there a preferred time you would like to arrive by or leave after?
I am departing from Stansted Aiport and would like to arrive by 13:30.
TR5358 will depart the airport at 12:24 and arrive at Cambridge at 12:52. Would you like to book a ticket?
What's the total travel time for TR5358?
the travel time is about 28 minutes.
I also need a guesthouse to stay in.
How many stars would you like?
It doesn't matter. I need it to be located in the south.
I would suggest bridge guest house.
Does it have free wifi?
Yes.  Shall I book for you? How many people?
I need a room to be booked for 6 people and 4 nights starting from the same day
Booked! Reference number: G6ORAH2J. 
Thank you for booking and providing the reference number.
Was there anything else I could help you with today?
Nope. That's all. Bye now. 
Goos-bye, have a great day.
Hi, I need to find a hotel in north area that includes free wifi.
The Ashley Hotel and Lovell Lodge meet your specifications, would you like to book one of them now?
Are either one of them a guesthouse?
No, they are not. I do have 33 guesthouses that fit your needs.
Can you give me the star rating of your top three guesthouses along with a price range?
They are all 4 star guesthouses that are moderately priced. 
Can you give me the phone number for your favorite of those?
The avalon is my personal favorite. Their phone number is 01223353071, anything else I can assist you with?
I am also looking for information about a restaurant called The Hotpot. Can you help me with that?
Yes, I found it. It is in the expensive price range in the north area. The phone number is 0123366552. Would you like me to book a table?
Yes please. For 1 at 16:45 this Saturday.
You are all set, the reference number is, can I help with anything else?
What was the reference number?
Your reference number is JK25TFX6. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?
That would be everything.  Thank you
Alright, thanks for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre, have a great day!
Thank you, you too!
It's been a pleasure. Have a good day. Goodbye. 
I would like a taxi to limehouse. I need to arrive by 7:15.
I'd be happy to book that for you, where are you departing from?
I am leaving from nusha.
You are booked for a black skoda. Is there anything else?
Could you give me the contact number for the skoda, please.
Booked car type	:	black skoda Contact number	:	07129813049
Thank you for your help
You're very welcome. Do you need any further assistance?
No, that is it. Goodbye.
Thanks for using our services.
Can you tell me about the Cambridge Belfry?
Sure thing! It's a cheap four star hotel on the west side with parking and internet available. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Can you get me the phone number?  I like that they have free parking.  That sounds great. Thanks!
01954714600 is their phone number. 
Do they have free parking?
Yes, they have free parking, would you like me to book it? 
Yes please. Also, i need a train that needs to get there around 20:30. Can you look that up as well?
Sure! which day would you like?
Monday, thank you. I'll be departing from leicester to cambridge.
The last train of the evening leaves at 18:09 and arrives at 19:54.  Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, can you book 2 tickets please and also could i get a reference number when you are done? Thank you.
You're all set. The total fee is 75.59 GBP payable at the station. Your Reference number is : 4E1BCSIN.
Thanks for all your help!
Glad I could help, have a great day.
Hi, I'm looking for a train departing cambridge that leaves after 21:45.  Can you help me with a reservation?
Absolutely I can help with that. What day and to what destination are you traveling? 
I am traveling to london kings cross from cambridge. 
All trains leave at 23:00,what time would you like to arrive?
I do not have a specific arrival time.
Do you have a day you will be traveling?
I will be traveling on Saturday. 
the TR4898 leaves at 23:00. do you want a ticket?
Yes for five please. 
I made reservations for you your reference number is 0F1R2M73.
Thanks! I also need a guesthouse to stay in in the north.
There are 11 great guesthouses to choose from. Would you like free wifi or parking? Also what price range were you looking for?
It doesn't need to have free parking and price doesn't matter. I will take a suggestion as I'm not familiar with the area. 
I would recommend limehouse, a 4 star guesthouse located at 78-80 milton road. Would you like to book a room?
Yes I would like to book it for 5 people.
What day will you be checking in?
I actually don't need to book. I would just like the phone number, postcode, and price range. 
Limehouse is a moderately priced establishment. They're in postcode cb42je and their phone number is 01223300552. Is there anything else you want to know? Or anything else I can help with?
No that's everything I needed. Thank you!
Thank you, Have a great day.
I am looking for a hotel, Carolina Bed and Breakfast. 
Sure, I have it right here. Its a moderate priced guesthouse with a 4 star rating, free internet and parking. Phone number is 01223247015 can I book it for you?
No, that is all for now. 
Ok. I can also help with restaurant, train or taxi reservations. Do you need any of these?
I am needing a train to arrive in cambridge by 14:45.
What day did you need a train for? Also, where will you be departing from?
I want to travel on Tuesday. I'm coming from Broxbourne to Cambridge. 
TR8199 matches your criteria. It leaves at 13:32 on tuesday. Would you like to book this train?
As long as it arrives by 14:45, then it's good. Can you book it for 7 people? 
It arrives at 14:32. Your reference number is R6MSYW4P and the total fee for 7 people is 125.29 GBP. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's everything. Thank you.
You are very welcome!
Hello, can you help me find a train going to London Kings Cross?
Sure! What day are you planning on leaving?
On Monday, from Cambridge. 
What time would you like to depart. I have anything from 5:00 to 23:00
I'd like to leave after 15:45, please.
TR7786 will leave at 17:00, would that work for you?
Can I get the travel time for that as well?
The travel time is 51 minutes. Can I help you with anything else?
I want a cheap swedish restaurant in the centre, please.
I wasn't able to find a cheap swedish restaurant in the centre of time. Would you like me to try a different type of food?
Yes, please. Is there a restaurant with Indian food?
There are 3 restaurants that match what you're looking for, would you like me to book one for you?
I'll take whichever one you recommend. I just need the phone number, postcode & address please.
I would recommend the Ghandi.  They are located at 72 Regent Street City Centre and can be reached at 01223353942, can I assist with anything else?
Yes, I apologize but can you give me the arrival time for train TR7786?
Sure I can. The arrival time for that train is 17:51. Is there anything else I can do for you? 
I think that's everything I need. Thank you very much.
You're very welcome!  I hope that you enjoy your time here!  Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre.
I'd like to find a cheap Indonesian restaurant. Can you help?
Unfortunately, we do not have any Indonesian restaurants.  Would you like Thai food?
What kind of restaurants are in the west that's cheap?
There is an Italian restaurant, La Margherita and a Vietnamese restaurant called Thanh Binh.  Would one of those work?
Yes, could you give me more info on the Vietnamese restaurant?
Their address is 17 Magdalene Street City Centre.
could you give me their postcode?
Their postcode is  cb30af.  Would you like to book  a table?
No, that will be fine. I am needing help finding a hotel in a moderate price range with 4 stars and free parking. Can you help me with that?
I'd be happy to help with your request, to help narrow the results down, what area are you looking to stay in?
how about the west ?
Sorry, there are no results. Maybe a different star rating or area would work?
Area doesn't actually matter. But if there are no results for a moderate 4 star type-hotel with parking, then try to find a cheap one instead
I have one result for you in the cheap pricerange. It is the cambridge belfry. Anything else today?
Great can you book that for 8 people for 3 nights starting thursday?
Here is your reference number, SM7PEYSV. The booking is all set for you. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all, thank you for your help.
You're welcome. Let us know if we can help you.
I need a place to stay with 4 stars. 
What area are you looking to stay in?
I'm looking to stay in the north please. 
We have eight 4 star guesthouses on the north side. Do you have a specific price range or do you need certain amenities?
any can do as long it has a moderate price range
Okay I could recommend the Acorn Guest House that is moderately priced and rated 4 stars. Would you like a booking?
Sounds good.  I need it for 3 nights starting Friday.  There are 6 of us.
I have successfully booked you at the acorn guest house for 3 nights starting on Friday.  Your reference number is Z6DIM0YM.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge on Friday.  
Where will you be departing from?  I have a number of trains to choose from.  What time would you like to leave?
I will be departing from Norwich and should arrive by 16:30. 
TR4828 departs at 14:16 and arrives by 15:35. Would you like a ticket?
how much will that train cost me?
It costs 17.60 pounds per ticket. Would you like to book this? 
No, thank you. I'll call back when I'm ready to book. Thank you so much for your help.
Thank you for contacting the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I would like a restaurant in the north part of town that serves canapes food.
There are no records matching your criteria. Would you like a different type of food or area?
Is there a asian oriental type food available? 
Saigon City serves Asian Oriental food and is in the north part of town. Would you like the address and phone number?
Of course!
The address is 169 High Street Chesterton Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 356555.
Thank you goodbye. 
your welcome. thanks for calling
I am looking for a place to dine that serves modern European food that is located in the Centre.  What is your suggestion for this type of restaurant?
I have a couple of options for you, what price range would you like? 
I'd like a cheap price range please.
the river bar steakhouse and grill matches all the things you are looking for .Would you like me to make you a reservation?
Yes, that sounds great. Can you reserve me a table on Tuesday for 6 people at 18:00. 
I'm sorry, but it appears there is no opening for that time. would you like to try for a different time?
Yes try 17:00 instead please
Booked! Reference number: NA0XWZAR. Your table will be held for 15 minutes.
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train that departs from cambridge and leave after 11:15.
Okay, what is your destination and what day would you like to travel?
I'll be going to Stevenage on Wednesday.
I have train TR3685 departing Friday at 13:00 would that be suitable for you?
Yes, I think that will do just fine. What's the price and length of trip, please?
The price for the trip is 12.80 pounds and its 49 mintues
Okay, thank you for that information!
You're welcome! May I help with anything else?
That will be all, goodbye.
Train TR2874 leaves the earliest at 13:31. Have a great day!
Hi. I am looking for a hotel that is a guesthouse that has free parking. Can you help me find one?
There are 21 options available. Do you have any other preferences to narrow down the search?
Sure, how about an expensive, four star guest house?
It doesn't look like we have any expensive 4 star guesthouses. There are some which are moderate if you are interested.
Moderate will do. Can you give me more information please?
The Archway House is very nice. Would you like me to book a reservation?
Yes and can i get the reference number?
What day would you like to check in at the guesthouse?
I would like to check in on saturday. We would need 4 nights for 8 people.
I have booked you at the archway house. The reference number is 61O3SUCK. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, can I get the phone number and address for the Cambridge and County Folk Museum?
The phone number for the cambridge and county folk museum is 01223355159, and the address is 2-3 castle street. Anything else?
No, that will be all.
I have booked you. Thank you. Goodbye.
Caribbean food in the east part of town. If no such place, Indian.
I couldn't find any caribbean restaurants in the east part of town. I will search for indian restaurants next.
Great!  Did you find any Indian restaurants in the east part of town?
Yes, there are four options.  Two are moderately priced and two are expensive.  Do you have a preferred price range?
No.
the curry prince is in the east part of town and is in the moderate price range.  Would you like more information for them? 
Yes, I'd like the address and phone number please.
The address is 451 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton. The phone number is 01223 566388.
Thank you goodbye. 
Thank you, have a nice day!
Thanks.  I'm looking for a place to go on the south. 
Would you prefer a museum or a nightclub? 
A museum, please.
There's one museum called byard art that fits your needs. 
Can I get the phone number for that?
The phone number is 01223464646. What else can I assist with?
No, thanks so much! 
Glad to help, please let us know if you need any further assistance.
I am looking for information in Cambridge
You've come to the right place. What can I help you with today?
I want to stay in a 4 star hotel with wifi, I would like it to be moderately priced, please.
There are quite a few hotels that meet your needs. Is there an area of town that you'd prefer?
No preference. Can you book me a room for 5 nights starting Monday for 1 person and I also need the reference number. 
Your reservation at warkworth house for 6 days for a party of 1 was successful. Your Reference number is : J0OZV066.  
I'm looking for a train. The train should depart from norwich and should go to cambridge
We have daily service for the route, any preference on day and time?
I need it to arrive by 15:45 in Cambridge on Monday please.
Okay I have a train arriving at 15:35. would you like me to book that for you?
Yes please.  I need 1 ticket. 
My apologies the arrival time is 10 minutes earlier.  I assume that's okay?
Yes that is fine
Okay! For how many people?
It is just for one person and I need the reference number as well.
The booking was successful. The total fee is 17.6 which can be paid at the station. The reference number is SFRAK36V. 
Great, thanks so much for your help with this. 
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm looking for a train to London Kings Cross to arrive at 16:00. Can you help with that?
Yes, what is the day you will travel?
Saturday departing from Cambridge.
I see several trains. When would you like to leave?
I need a price and make sure it arrives by 16:00.
The TR6203 costs 18.88 and gets you in at 15:51. Does that sound good? I can book you a ticket if you like.
No need to book it for me. Are there any 3 star hotels in the moderate price range?
Could you please give me any preferences for internet/parking? 
I would like it to be a guesthouse that has free wifi. 
I have found 3 guesthouses that meet your requirements.  Would you prefer to stay in the north, south or west area?
Do any/all of them have free parking as well? 
Yes, all of them have free parking. Which part of the city would you like to stay?
Any, I'll take the first one on your list, and i'll need the address, and phone number please.
The bridge guest house is at 151 hills road	and their number is 01223247942.
Awesome thank you.  That is all I needed.  
Thank you for using our service. Call us anytime. Take care. Goodbye. 
I was hoping you can find me a museum in the centre. 
There are 11 museums in the city centre. I recommend castle galleries. Can I help with anything else?
Which museum is located in the centre? Can you give me a phone number and address please?
Try the Broughton House Gallery, at 98 king street. Their phone number is 01223314960.
Yes I also need a train to Bishops Stortford leaving after 20:15
I can get some train options for you if you tell me what day you want to leave and where you want to leave from.
I need to leave on Saturday from Cambridge.
TR1159 will have you in bishops strotford by 22:07. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book it for 6 people, and I need a reference number.
Okay, I've booked 6 train tickets for you. Your reference number is NW67NGNA. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Nope, you helped with everything I needed today. Thanks!
You're welcome, have a great day.
Hello! I'm looking for a place to stay on the south side of Cambridge.
We have three cheap and moderately priced guesthouses on the south end, or one expensive hotel.
I would like a moderately priced place to stay, please. Also, I absolutely need free parking wherever I am staying.
Could I recommend aylesbray lodge guest house or bridge guest house?
Bridge guest house sounds great. I would like to book it for seven people and two nights starting friday
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 3D2YXAFF.  What else can I assist you with today?
I am also looking for a Train departing Stevenage on Friday. 
There are several trains that depart from Stevenage on Friday.  What time of the day would you prefer to travel?
I would like to leave after 15:15.
There are 5 trains. The earliest matching your request leaves at 15:54 and arrives in cambridge by 16:43. Do you want to book?
Yes, please book tickets for 7 people on that train and absolutely do remember to send me the reference number too
Okay I have booked that for you and the Reference number is 9BT7493G. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's all for now. Thank you for all your help.
Not a problem. Have a nice day!
Can you help me find a cinema in the centre?
sure, there's a cineman called vue cinema
Great.  Can I get the phone number for the cinema?
The phone number for Vue Cinema is 08712240240 and they are in The Grafton Centre on East Road. Can I help you with anything else?
Thanks. I also need to find a place to dine, please.
What type of food would you like?
italian food, please
We have quite a few Italian restaurants all over town. Is there a particular part of town you want to stick to?
Yes, I'd like one that was in the centra as well. 
We have 9 choices in the centre, any preference on price range?
Yes please; I'd greatly prefer the moderate price range as I'm on a bit of a budget.
pizza express would fit your needs, would you like to make a booking?
Yes, please book it for thursday at 18:30 for 4 people. I'll need the reference number as well please.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 7LYLSH0V
i also need a taxi.
Where will you need the taxi to pick you up?
I need to be picked up at Vue Cinema.
And where will your destination be?
I need to get to Pizza Express for my 18:30 reservation, please.
Okay, you're all set with a taxi. It's going to be a black toyota and the contact number is 07976731692
You have been most helpful setting this up. Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you for using our service today!
Looking for hotel with 4 star in the center of town.
The University Arms Hotel is fantastic. It's expensive, but worth the cost. 
Can you book it for me and get a reference number ?
for how many should i book?
I actually need to book a specific hotel called, the archway house.
that is a guesthouse located in north and is moderately priced.
Please book that for 8 people for two nights starting on saturday. 
Your booking is confirmed. Your Reference number is : VY4Y4ERG. Can I assist with anything else?
Great, I also need to book a train on Saturday for Norwich to Cambridge leaving after 19:00.
There is a 19:16 that would arrive at 20:35.  How does that sound? 
Yes what is the price of the ticket and when does the train arrive please?
it arrives at 20 35 and the price is 14.08 pounds
Great thank you. That will be all for today. Goodbye
Thank you for using our service!
Someone told me about a place called Old Schools. It's supposed to be some kind of attraction. Can you tell me anything about it?
Old schools is an architecture museum in the centre area.  The admission is free.  Would you like tickets?
Yes, please. That would be great.
I just checked and it is free. The address is trinity lane and the phone number is 01223332320.  Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all for today. Thanks so much!
You're welcome!  Have a great day!
Can you help me find a 4 star hotel to stay at?
Sure, do you prefer the west or the centre part of Cambridge?
I don't care about the area but I need it to be cheap with free wifi.
The cambridge belfry is available. Would you like me to book you a room?
Yes, please. I need four nights starting Sunday, for two people.
Done! Your reference number is CU4LPL6C. Do you need help with anything else?
I'm also looking for a place to eat in the city centre. maybe bistro food?
Sorry there are no restaurants in the centre of town serving bistro food.
Okay. What about one that serves seafood instead?
loch fyne is an expensive place that serves sea food. can we book?
Yes. Let's say 15:00 on the same day, with the same group of people.
Okay I have done that and their reference number is H2OPFSBQ.
Thanks, lastly, I need a taxi to take me to the restaurant from the hotel, I want to get there before the booked time.
Your taxi will be a red audi. Should you need to contact them, the number is 07971260313.
Thank you, have a nice day. 
You're welcome. And thank you, you, too!
I'm looking for a hotel in the moderate price range. I definitely want a hotel, not a guesthouse.
Of course. There are two hotels in the north and one in the centre of town. Do you have a preference?
Is there anything to the west, preferably with a 4 star rating?
I'm sorry but nothing exists in the north with a 4 star rateing in the moderate price range. Could we try another area?
is there one in the cheap range?
No, there is not. 
Oh goodness.  Can you check once again for a hotel, star 4, in the west.  Cheap is fine.
The cambridge belfry is located at back lane, cambourne. Do you need more information or would you like to book now?
Yeah book for 5 people
For how many days?
Will this start on Friday?
Ok i'm sorry but i'm confused. Would you like reservations? What day will it start? How many people?
I'm sorry for the confusion. I would like a reservation for five people for four nights, beginning Friday, at the Cambridge Belfry.
You are all booked and your reservation number is L76Y47ZV
Thank you for the reservation. I am also looking for a lovely park in north Cambridge.
I would suggest Milton country park.
What is the address and phone number?
The phone number is 01223420060.
I also need a taxi between the two places.
Please give me the travel time, departure location and arrival location. 
i want to leave the hotel by 4:30
What time do you need to leave the restaurant by?
I want to be pickup at at the hotel by 4:30.
Great your booking is complete. You will be picked up in a grey BMW by 4:30 at The Cambridge Belfry and dropped off at the Milton Country Park. 
Do you have their contact number?
Their contact number is 07055906987. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
That will be all for today. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye.
I was told I need to do something at the Parkside Police Station. Can you give me some info about it?
Sure, their phone number is 01223358966, and they are in Parkside, Cambridge
Do you also have the police station postcode?
The post code for the police station is CB11JG.
That is all I need. Thanks, good bye.
Have a wonderful day!
I would like a mexican restaurant in west. 
Unfortunately there are no mexican restaurants in the west. Would you look to try a different area?
Ok can we try to find a expensive Singaporean restaurant in the east?
I'm so sorry, there is nothing like that either.
Ok. What about Chinese?
I have yu garden located in the east and is expensive. Would you like to make reservations?
Yes that would be fine I need reservation sfor 5 people at 16:45 on saturday. 
Okay the booking was successful. The reference number is RQLJFIDQ.
I am also looking for a train leaving Cambridge arriving by 13:45 at standsted airport. 
The train on Friday leaves at 9:40 from Cambridge to Stansted Airport.  It's a 28 minute trip at 10.10 pounds. Would you like me to book this?
Not at this time. But thank you for the informtion.
Glad I could help and goodbye 
Can you please find a train that leaves on Sunday from Cabridge and goes to stansted airport.
I have one that leaves at 12:40 and arrives at 13:08 on Sunday. Would like me to book this?
That would be great! Can you book 5 tickets on the 13:08 arrival train please? And then I'll need the reference number
Sure. It will cost you 40.4 GPB. Your reference number is WB1JNS4M.
Thank you very much. That's it now. Bye
Let us know if you need help anytime soon. Have a great day.
I am staying in the west part of cambridge and would like to know about some places to go.
I have several attractions in the west for you. Is there a certain type you have in mind?
No, what would you recommend?
i suggest  queens college in the silver street. you want the address?
I would like the phone number and the post code please.
Sure!  The phone number is 01223335511 and the postcode is cb39et.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I need a 3 star guesthouse in the same area. Does not need to include internet.
There is a guesthouse named Hobsons House located in the west with 3 stars. It is moderately priced and has internet and parking. Would you like this one booked?
No thank you. I just needed the information. That's all I need.
Great! Have a good day!
I am looking for places to go on the south side of town.  Can you help me with that?
Sure. Would you like to go to a cinema, museum, nightclub, park, theater, or to see some entertainment?
Pick a place for me. I need the postcode.
There is a cinema Cineworld cinema with postcode cb17dy.
Actually, could you find me a park, instead?
Okay great! There's sheep's green and lammas land  park fen causeway or wandlebury country park. Both have free entrance fees.
That is perfect!  Can you give me the postcode for the sheep's green park?  That's in the south area right?
Sheep's Green is indeed in the south. The postcode is cb22ad.
I am also looking for a train departing from Cambridge to Stansted airport on Thursday. The train should depart after 08:15. I also need the train ID and price.
Trian TR7924 leaves the station at 08:40. Price for 1 ticket is 10.1 GBP. 
Okay that's all I needed, thank you!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
How much does it cost to take the bus in Cambridge?
Where will you be traveling to?
I will be traveling to london.
The rate for a trip from Cambridge to london kings cross ranges from 18.88 pounds to 23.60 pounds depending on the day of travel.
I am also looking for a hotel in the west side of Cambridge. Can you help me?
There are a few to choose from.  Do you prefer a hotel or a guesthouse?
I want a hotel on the west side that doesn't have to include internet. If no internet, what about free wifi?
Unfortunately there are no hotels meeting your criteria. Would you like me to look in another part of town?
Are you sure that there are no hotels on the west side of town? With or without internet?
There are four. Do you have a price range in mind?
I'm looking for a restaurant that serves vietnamese food on the south side of town, is there anything like that?
There are no Vietnamese restaurants on the south side but there is one on the west side. Would that suffice?
What about on the east side? I would like for it to be expensive.
I'm sorry but there are not any Vietnamese restaurants on the East side of town, either.
Bummer, how about Indian food on the east side? I'm willing to pay for an expensive meal, if it's good!
There are 4 Indian restaurant on the East side ranging from moderately priced to expensive. Do you have a price preference?
Expensive would be fine. Can I have the address for the most expensive Indian restaurant out of the four? 
How about the Pipasha Restaurant? It is in the expensive price range and serves Indian food. Their address is Newmarket Road Fen Ditton.
I would also like to check on museums on the east side. Can you see what you have in that area?
I have found four museums.  3 of them are free and one costs 5 pounds.  Can I get you more information on any of them?
I need information on all of them please.
What information would you like? The phone number, address, or postcode?
the address please
I can give you the address for only one, is there one in particular you wish to learn more about?
Give me information on the one closest to Pipasha Restaurant.
They are all in the same general area, but Cambridge Artworks is nice. It is located at 5 Greens Road, cb13ef. You can call them at 01223902168.
Cool! Is that one of the free ones? Gotta save my money for the grub, you know.
Cambridge artworks is free.
Perfect! Thank you so much for your help! 
Anything else I can do for you?
I am looking for the nearest police station
The Parkside Police Station is in Parkside, Cambridge. Is this close to your location?
Yes please send the address and postcode.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Help me arrange for a taxi to tandoori palace
Alright. What time do you want to leave by?
I'd like to leave after 16:30, please.
Booking is done. Your car is a white tesla and contact number is 072411211316
Great. That's all for today. Thanks
You're welcome. Have a good time!
Hi.  I'm looking for a restaurant that serves Irish food.  Can you help me?
I'm sorry, there aren't any restaurants that serve irish food. Would you like help with anything else? 
Can i have a thai restaurant instead ?
There are two Thai restaurants. There is sala thong in the west area and bangkok city in the centre area
I need a train to leave from cambridge after 15:30.
Ok, lets get you set up, where are you going and on what day?
I will be leaving on saturday and going to london liverpool street. 
I would recommend TR4859 which leaves Cambridge at 15:59 and arrives at London Liverpool Street at 17:27. 
That sounds fine. Can you reserve 6 tickets for me please?
You're all booked.  TR4859 for 6 people will be 79.67 GBP.  Your reference number is CTETVS75.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I am looking for places to go in town. The attraction should be in the type of museum
There are 23 museums in cambridge.  Are you  interested in a particular type of  one in a certain part of town?
Not really.  Pick the best one for me!
I am very partial to the Cambridge Artworks museum located at 5 greens road and admission is free. Does that sound good?
That sounds great! What area and can I get the postcode?
It is located in the east and the postal code is cb13ef.
Great, thanks, that's all I need!
You're welcome, glad I could help.
I would like a four star hotel. 
I can help you with that.  Is there a particular part of town you would like to stay in?
No but I need it to have free parking and cheap.
There are several like that. Would you like to book a room at Rosa's Bed and Breakfast, or perhaps one of the others?
I'm looking for a hotel type place to stay. Are any of those hotels?
The Cambridge belfry is a four star hotel in the cheap price range.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Cambridge Belfry sounds great, can I get the reference number once you make that reservation?
What day do you want to start your stay, for how many days, and how many people?
4 people, 5 nights on saturday. If that's not available try a different one same price range.
I am sorry. I could not make that booking. Would you like to try another hotel?
Yes one that is in the same price range.
Autumn house is a cheap guest house in the east. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes. That sounds great. Please try to book it.
That one was successful! Your reference number is REZ4BR01.
Thank you. That's all I needed today.
Enjoy your stay in Cambridge. Goodbye!
Can you tell me if warkworth house hotel has wifi.
Yes I can confirm that Warkworth house has internet, can I help with anything else?
Do they have free parking, and what is their phone number?
Yes, and their phone number is 01223363682. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that's all I need, thank you. 
Sure.  Glad to help.
Are there any hotels in the centre that have free parking, please? 
There are two hotels available: the Gonville Hotel and University Arms Hotel. Would you like more information on them?
Does either one have a star of 4?
University Arms Hotel is rated 4 stars. Would you like reservation?
Do they have internet and if so what is the address there?
They do have free wifi. They are located on regent street. 
Thanks. I'm also looking for a train from cambridge to london liverpool street?
I have 70 trains.  What day and time are you wanting to travel?
Um, Sunday but after 11:15
okay how many tickets please?
3 people, please. And if I can also get the reference number. 
I have booked 3 tickets on the TR9025 train leaving at 11:59. Your Reference number is : 9JASQYBJ. Will that be all today?
Yes, thank you for your help!
You're welcome. Thank you. Goodbye
I need a particular hotel called the Leverton House.
I have located the Leverton House. Would you like me to book it for you?
yes, please I would like it booked for 4 people. I would need this for 3 nights starting with monday.
I'm sorry. I couldn't book the Leverton House for that day.  Would you like me to try another hotel?
Yes, in the same price range, please.
Okay. I was able to book you into the Allenbell and your reference number is MLL5WTH5.
That is wonderful. Thank you for your help.
Thank you. Please call again if you need anything else.
Hi, I am coming to Cambridge soon and am excited to eat at some great restaurants.  Can you recommend an attraction for me to visit while I'm there?
What type of attraction were you interested in? 
I don't have a preference, but I'd like it to be in the centre.
Well, we've got the all saints church in the centre and it's free to visit.
A free church would cover a lot of my local historical interests. What is their phone number?
The phone number is 01223452587. The address is jesus lane with the post code of cb58bs. Do you need any other information?
I'm also looking for an expensive place to dine that's in the same area as the church. 
We have a number of wonderful options for you to dine at in Centre, do you have a particular cuisine in mind or would you like a reccomendation?
I would like some Indian type food.
I have 6 Indian restaurants for you to choose from. May I recommend The Golden Curry?
That would be great. Can you book it for 6 people at 14:15 on Wednesday?
I'm sorry but I wasn't able to make those reservation. Can I try another time?
How about trying at 13:15 instead? 
Your table is reserved for 13:15. Your reference number is M5Q28TGA.
I also need a taxi from All Saints Church to the Golden Curry. I need to arrive to the restaurant by 13:15. 
I was able to book that taxi. Be looking for a white Ford. If you need to reach them, their phone number is 07045306187. Anything else I can help with?
No, I believe that will be all today. Thank you.
Have a great trip! 
Hi. Would you happen to be able to suggest a museum in the east side of town?
I found the Cambridge Museum of Technology. It is located at the old pumping station on Cheddars Lane. There is an entrance fee of 5 pounds.
Great, that is very helpful. Thank you.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. I am also looking for an expensive restaurant that serves indian food. 
There are 14 expensive Indian restaurants in Cambridge. Do you know what part of town you would like to be in?
Yes I would like it in the same part of town as the museum please.
The Pipasha Restaurant is also in the East part of town and fits your criteria.  Would you like me to book it for you?
Can you book it for 7 people for 18:00 on Wednesday and then send me the reference number?
Sure thing! The reference number is 06G0MUZE. Is there anything else I can do for you?
No, thank you, that was everything I needed for today!
You're welcome!  Enjoy your trip!
Hi, I'm looking for information on a restaurant called efes. What type of food do they serve and will I need reservations?
Efes serves turkish food and is located at king street city centre.  I can book a reservation for you if you would like.
Yes, please. I will need a table for 4 at 18:30 on Saturday. Thank you.
Alright, I have made your reservation. The reference number is ID46B4KQ.
Can you also help me with places to go in the west of town? I'm looking for entertainment.
Whale of a Time is in the west. Does that sound good?
That sounds great. Can you tell me their postcode, address, and phone number?
Sure, it is located at unit 8, viking way, bar hill.  Postcode cb238el, and phone number 01954781018.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I want a taxi to take me from the attraction to my restaurant in time for my reservation. Tell me the car type and contact number for the taxi too.
A black tesla will arrive. Reach them at 07424011188. Is that everything for today?
That is all for today. Thank you for your time.
You are very welcome.  Have a nice day.
I am looking for information in Cambridge.
What type of information are you looking for?
I am looking for places to visit while I'm in town.
Is there an area or activity you prefer? I have many options such as museums, architecture etc.
I would like to visit a museum. Could you suggest one? Any area is fine.
How about cafe jello gallery in the west?
That sounds good. What area is it in? I'm also looking for a train leaving cambridge on monday going to norwich. I'd like to arrive by 14:15. Can you help me?
As I mentioned, the gallery is in the east. For the train, your best bet is TR8237, arriving in Norwich at 13:55 on Monday.
Great what is the price and travel time on that train?
Yes the travel time is 79 minutes and the price is 17.60 pounds.
Can you book it for me?
Do you just need one ticket for the TR8237?
Yes, I just need one ticket. Please give me the reference number too.
Thank you I will get that for you 
I am looking for attractions of multiple sports located in the east. What is available? 
I do have one. It is the Cherry Hinton Village Centre in the east. It is located on Colville Road, Cherry Hinton. Would you like any other info for them?
No, that sounds like just what I need.  Thanks for your help and have a great day.  Bye.
Thank you as well. I hope you enjoy your visit and have a wonderful day.
Thank you, one last thing we need a place to dine at in same area as multiple sports that would be in moderate price range.
I have three options. Two Indian places and one Italian. Curry or pasta?
I wanted traditional food.  If that's not available I'll try Italian.
Pizza hut fen ditton is a great italian restaurant in the area. Would you like a reservation?
I'm sorry, I said Italian but I really wanted indian food.
There are 2 option to choose from: curry prince and rajmahal. Which would you like to try?
I would like curry prince. It sounds interesting.
Sure.  Can I make a reservation for you?
No reservation thanks, my plans are still in the works. Could I have the postcode and address though? 
Sure! The post code is cb58jj and the phone number is 01223566388.
Thank you, that's everything I need for now.
Sounds good. Enjoy your visit, and thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre!
I need a tax to curry garden.
I can definitely help with that - what time would you like to leave and/or arrive?
I need to arrive by 19:00.
Great. And can you tell me where you'd like to be picked up from?
i need to leave from archway house.
Okay, what time would you like to leave?
I would like to leave archway house in time to arrive at curry garden by 19:00.
Ok I have a blue volvo with contact number 07401999983.
Thank you that's all I needed. 
You're welcome, will that be all?
That's all I need.  Thank you.
It was a pleasure to help you. Goodbye.
I need the address to a college in town
any specific price range to help narrow down available options?
Yes, what are the entrance fees?
I'd recommend Christ's College, it's free to enter.
Thank you I also would like to get a place to stay in the south. 
I have many options. Do you have preference on price?
The price doesn't matter it just needs to be a hotel. I don't need internet. 
The lensfield hotel is a match for you. It's located at 53-57 lensfield road. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all. Thank you.
Please contact us again in the future. Goodbye. 
Someone just hit my car and then attacked me, get the cops for me now!
Cambridge, parkside police telephone number 01223358966.
Thank you, may I please have the address?
They are located in Parkside, Cambridge with postal code CB11JG. Can I hep with anything else?
Thank you for your help. 
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That is all I need. 
Alright, have a great day.
I am looking for a moderate priced place to dine in the centre area.
I have several restaurants matching your request.  What type of cuisine would you like?
I don't really care. Can you please suggest one for me? And please include the postcode. Thanks. 
I recommend The Oak Bistro. They serve British food and the postcode is cb21eg. Would you like me to book a table for you there?
No thank you. I did want to go to an attraction in the same area of town.
There are 44 attractions located in the centre of town like the restaurant. Is there a particular type you would like to visit?
I would like to go to a museum. Are there any in the area? 
There are 11 different museums in city centre. I find the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology to be fascinating. Would you like to learn more about them, or keep looking?
That sounds interesting. Can you tell me their phone number and the cost of entrance?
Entry is free and the phone number is 01223333516. Is there anything else I can help with?
Can you get me a taxi that could take me from the museum to the bistro?
What time would you like to travel between the two places?
I want to leave the museum by 07:45.
I was able to book that taxi for you. Be looking for a white Audi. If you need to contact them, their phone number is 07749170478. Anything else I can do?
No, thank you. That's everything I needed today.
You're welcome and have a great day.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge
I can help you out!  What would you like to see?
Well, I actually need a place to stay. 
ok did you need an attraction ?
Yes, please. I am looking for a boat type of attraction.
Yes I have several in the center and one in the north and east. Any preferences?
No preference. Which one do you recommend?
The Riverboat Georgina you may like. It has passenger cruises and more.
Thanks, I'm also looking for a train to cambridge departing birmingham new street.
What day would you like to leave?
i want to leave friday, after 10
Where will you be going?
I will be going to cambridge.
The TR0044 meets your criteria. Would you like to book tickets?
Yes, could you please book that for me. I need one ticket. 
Booking was successful, the total fee is 75.09 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : UFTQBOZS.  What else can I help you with today? 
That is all, have a great day.
Thank you, you too.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge.
OK, can I help you with that? Maybe book you some travel or accommodations?
Actually, I need to find a restaurant.
there are many restraunts in cambridge, what exactly are you looking for?
I am looking for a cheap Portuguese place.
We have two. Would you prefer one in the south or the centre?
I'll go with whichever one you recommend. I just need to know the area, postcode, and phone number.
I highly recommend nandos. They are located on the south side of town. Their postcode is cb17dy and their phone number is 01223327908. Is there anything else you need?
Yes, I need a train, I've got to get to King's Lynn.
Where are you departing from, and what day? Do you have a spcific time you need to leave or arrive by?
I would like to depart from Cambridge on Wednesday and arrive in King's Lynn by 09:30.
There are 4 trains that meet your criteria, departing at 05:11, 06:11, 07:11, or 08:11. Which one would you like me to book?
The departure does not matter. I just need 6 tickets. 
I booked you on the TR1574. Your reference is Z6DSQLFY and 58.8 GBP is due at the station. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, that will be all. Thank you!
Hope you have a wonderful day. Goodbye. 
I need to know if there are any polynesian restaurants in the east side of cambridge?
I'm sorry, we don't have any.  Is there something else I can help you with?
Just to confirm, there are no expensive restaurant 's serving polynesian food on the east side, is that right?
There are no Polynesian restaurants in the east at all, cheap, expensive, or otherwise.
What about an expensive British place in the east?
sure, there is the grafton hotel restaurant in that area.
Great! May I get the phone number and address?
They are at Grafton Hotel 619 Newmarket Road Fen Ditton, postcode cb58pa, they can be reached at 01223241387, can I help with anything else?
Yes, I am looking for a train going to Broxbourne by 17:45.
how about TR2519? it arrives by 10:01.
Does it depart from cambridge on wednesday?
I have train TR2925 available. It departs cambridge on wednesday at 16:01 and arrives in broxbourne at 17:01. Will that work?
Yes, that would be lovely. I'll need to book for 2 people. Can I have the reference number please?
I was able to book that for you for a total of 35.79 GBP.  Your reference number is 7VRFHBER.
Great thanks so much! That's all I need!
You're welcome, have a great day!
I need a restaurant in the cheap price range that serves Portuguese food. 
There are two in Cambridge. One in the south and one in the centre. Do you have a preference?
It does not make a difference as long as they have reservations for 4 on sunday at 12:00. Could I get a reference number?
Sure, i have booked Nandos sunday 12:00 for 4. May I help with anything else?
I still need the reference number.
Yes of course!  I do apologize.  The Reference number is : 29D8WR58. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.  Can I assist with anything else?
Yes. Do you know anything about a place called Sheep's Green and Lammas Land Park Fen Causeway?
It's a free park in the south. Would you like more details? 
What is the full address for that park?
The address is fen causeway, newnham road. What else can I do for you?
What is their entrance fee?
There is no entrance fee. 
I also need a taxi from the park to Nandos.  Want to get there  by 12:00.  thanks
I have booked a taxi for you. It will be a red Ford and the contact number is 07413433001. Is there anything else I can do for you? 
No, that should be everything. Thanks!
No, thank you for being a great customer! Good bye.
I would like a cheap restaurant that serves greek food
I cannot locate a cheap Greek restaurant. Is there another one that you are interested in.
Please check for Italian food. I will also need the address and phone number.
There are 5 entries for Italian food in the cheap price range. Is there an Area of town that works best for you North, Centre, or West?
It doesn't matter. 
How about Da Vinci Pizzeria? It is located at 20 Milton Road Chesterton and the phone number is 01223 351707.
Thank you. Goodbye!
Thank you for using our service, good bye.
I am trying to find when the train is leaving Sunday Cambridge can you help me?
Ok, and where are you heading to? 
I am heading to Ely.
What time do you want to arrive by?
Oh, not Ely, sorry.  I need to leave after 16:00 going to London Liverpool Street.
The earlest I have leaving is train TR7713 at 19:27,will this be okay for you?
That is good, I also need a place to stay with a cheap price and free parking.  
I have several hotels in your price range with free parking, what area would you like?
A guesthouse in the east, please
There are nine I recommend allenbell it's a 4 star guesthouse. Would you like the address and phone number or me to book it for you? 
Can you help me find an Afghan restaurant on the west side of town? 
There are no listings for an Afghan restaurant on the west side.  Would you like to try a different area or cuisine?
Try a different cuisine. Just an expensive restaurant.
I have restaurants specializing in thai food, indian, european or british food. Which would you prefer?
Indian food please. What are the options?
Sure, how about maharajah tandoori restaurant, they serve Indian food in the west. Can I book a table for you?
No, I'll have to discuss it with my wife.  Can you just get me the postcode for Maharajah Tandoori please?
Absolutely! The postcode is cb30ah. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that's all I needed. Thank you!
You're welcome. Thanks for using our service, goodbye.
I need to find a restaurant in anatolia
Okay Anatolia is a turkish restaurant located in the centre. Is this what you're looking for?
Yes. I need a reservation for 8 people please. 
I can make a reservation for 8 people for Monday at 17:45. Is that okay or would you like another day? 
I need a reservation for 8 people at 13:00 on Friday. If that doesn't work I can also do Tuesday. I will also need a reference number.
Reservations for Friday at 13:00. Your reference number is 0UAYWI5Z. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No that was it, thank you.
Thank you, goodbye.
I'm looking for a train to Cambridge, please.
Sure, where are you departing from?
I am departing from ely and want to leave on saturday. It should arrive by 20:45. 
The earliest leaves out of Ely at 05:35 and arrives in Cambridge at 05:52. Would you like to reserve a seat, or do you prefer to check for a later time?
A later time, definitely. Don't want to kick around town that long.
The last train of the day, TR4288, will arrive in Cambridge at 19:52. Would that fit your schedule better?
Yes please book that for 4 people and provide the reference number please.
No problem.  Your reference number is JB5YODGE.  Is there something else I can help you with?
Yes, can you recommend a place to go in town, maybe a museum?
I found 23 museums all across town. Is there a particular area you're interested in so I can narrow down the search?
Yes, I'd like to stay in the centre of town.
Okay, there are 11 different options. I recommend Castle Galleries. Would you like information on this museum?
Yes, can i just have the address?
it is in unit su43, grande arcade, saint andrews street.
Thanks, that's all I needed!
You're welcome, have a great day.
I have to book a place to eat that serves irish food and is located in the centre, can you help me?
I am sorry there are no listings, would there be another area I can search for you?
How about a restaurant that serves gastropub food in the centre instead?
I have 3 restaurants. Two are expensive and one is moderate. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, can you see if the moderately priced one can accommodate a party of five at 16:45 on Sunday?
It can not, I am sorry. Shall I try another?
Can I get another restaurant in the centre that is moderately priced?
How about the Oak Bistro? It's a British restaurant in the centre, also moderately priced.
That sounds amazing. Please try to book that for me.
Your booking was successful. Your booking number was 13HISQU8. Can I assist you with anything else today?
No, that's all I needed. Have a nice day.
Thank you, you have a good day too.
Hello, I am trying to find a place to stay that has free wifi and 3 stars. Do you have anything like that?
I have 5 results that match your criteria, do you have a certain area of town you'd like to stay in or a price range you're looking for?
Are any of them a hotel? I don't want a guesthouse.
Yes there are two hotels. One in the centre and one in the south. Any preference?
No preference, I need it for 2 nights starting from Monday for 3 people, and I need a reference number please.
OK, you are booked into the Gonville Hotel, located in the center of town on Gonville Place. The reference number is G6FAO56J.
That is great, I'm so excited.  Thanks for you help.  Bye.
Thank you for contacting the help desk, and have a great day.
I am looking for a place in Cambridge. It doesn't need to include internet and should be a hotel.
I was not able to find a hotel type with no internet, but there are hotels with internet. 
Okay, that would be fine, as long as it has free parking.
Okay, do you have any preference on price range?
No. How many are available?
There are 8 different hotels around the city with free parking. Do you have a preference for city area or star rating? 
It doesn't matter to me which part of the city it's in or it's rating. In your opinion, which one would be best for a short  3 day stay?
It's hard to say. How about the ashley hotel in the norht part of town?
Is there room for 4 people on Monday?
Unfortunately I cannot book that day and time. Would you like to change the day or try a different hotel?
Can i try a different hotel?
How about the Express by Holiday Inn and Cambridge, a 2 star, or Huntingdon Marriott Hotel, a 4 star? 
Do either of those include free parking?
Yes, they both have free parking, and internet as well. The Marriott is in the west, and Holiday Inn in the east. Does area of the city matter to you?
No, that does not matter, as long as I can book a 3 night stay for 4 people on Monday. 
I was not able to book at either location, can I try something else?
What else is available?
ashley hotel	is available, can i provide you more information on it? 
We can try and book that one as long as free parking.  4 people for 3 nights.
The only hotel available is university arms hotel. You are booked and the reference number is YJJTTQ9X. It comes with parking and internet and is in the centre.
Thank you. I also need a train from Cambridge on Thursday.
Sure. Where are you headed to and what time would you like to leave Cambridge?
I must arrive by 12:45.
Okay!  Where are you going?
I'm going to birmingham new street.
TR2636 arrives at 11:44. Would you like to reserve seats?
That sounds good.  Can you give me the price as well? Thanks.
Sure.  The price is 75.10 pounds per ticket.
Great!  That is all I'm going to need today.  Thanks for your help!  
Thank you for contacting Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
I am looking for hotel with 3 star and free parking in Cambridge.
Great, there are five such places. Did you have an area of town in mind?
I didn't. Are any of them in the moderate price range?
I have 3 guesthouses available. The Bridge Guest House is in the south. The Hamilton Lodge is in the north. And the Hobson House is in the west. 
I need one with free parking and free wifi.
All the places mentioned have free wifi and free parking. 
Can you book one of them for 8 people, starting from thursday for 3 nights?
I wasn't able to book a guest house with that criteria.  Would you like to try a hotel?
How about 2 nights ? And needs to start on Thursday ?
I have successfully booked your guesthouse at the Hamilton Lodge for two nights for 8 people, reference number 1TVIC54F. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I'm sure we'll be hungry so could you help me find an appropriate dining establishment in the north? Same price range as our hotel, please.
I have located 2 restaurants in the area the Golden Wok and the Nirala. Do either of these suit your taste? Would you like me to reserve you a table?
Yes the Golden Wok sounds great.  Can I have the postcode please?
Sure. Their postcode is cb43hl. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
Yes, can you book me a taxi from the Hamilton Lodge to the Golden Wok? I want to leave the lodge at 08:00. 
Booking successful. Your taxi will be a yellow Ford. Contact number 07565903051. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Thank you, that should be fine.
You're welcome. Have a beautiful day.
I'd like to find a train that will arrive in Cambridge by 19:30. 
I found several trains for you! Where would you be departing from?
Norwich on Tuesday. 
TR2175 will arrive in Cambridge at 18:35. Would you like tickets on that train?
Yes I'd like to book that train for 8 people and also need the reference number please.
Booking was successful! Your reference number is PLBFMNS9 .
could you tell me some of the places to go in town? college-like
There are 18 of them both free and with fees. Is there a specific area you'd prefer?
No preference. Would you recommend one?
I can, but to narrow it down more...were you looking to pay fees to get in?
Yes.  Please let me know the area and the entrance fees.  Thanks for your help!
I would recommend clare college, the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds.  Is there anything else that I can help you with?
What part of town is it located?
It is located in the west. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Thank you, but that is all.
You are welcome.  Have a great day.  Bye.
Can you help me get a taxi to pizza express Fen Ditton?
Sure! Where do you want to depart from?
I want to depart from sidney sussex college. 
Great. Now I'll just need a time from you please.
I can't leave until after 11:45 please.
Ok, you will be riding in a black bmw, the contact number is 07196618284, is there anything else I can help you with today?
No that is all I need.
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye for now.
I am planning a trip in Cambridge. 
What area would you like to stay? And do you have a certain pricerange?
No, price range in mind, but I would like it to be in the centre. 
alexander bed and breakfast is a very nice place
What type of accommodation is this?
The Alexander bed and breakfast is a guest house, in the center, with a four star rating, Wi-Fi, and parking.
book for 7 people and 2 nights starting from thursday and get the reference number
Booking was successful. Your reference number is WW2TM0V8. Will that be all?
I am looking for a train. The train should leave on saturday and should depart from cambridge
Where will you be going to?
I have a business meeting in Ely. I definitely need to be on time, so I need a train that will arrive by 19:45.
TR1469 has the latest arrival time of 18:07. Would you like for me to book it?
No thank you. I just need to find out how much it is going to cost.
The cost is 3.52 pounds.
I want to book a taxi from cambridge artworks. I need to leave after 18:00.
Hello! Where is the destination?
I need to go to Lynne Strover Gallery, please.
You are set up to be picked up by a black Lexus.  Do you want the contact number?
Yes please give me the contact number
Of course. Contact number is 07620354027. Do you need anything else?
No, that's all I need today. Thanks for your help. Bye!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm looking for a moderately priced restaurant in the Cambridge city centre.
There are many moderately priced restaurants in the city centre. Is there a type of cuisine you would like to try?
Yes I am interested in British food.
There are four great restaurants that match your criteria. I highly recommend the copper kettle located at 4 Kings Parade City Centre. Would you like me to book a table?
What is the phone number and postcode there?
You can reach The Copper Kettle at 01223365068. Their postcode is cb21sj. Is there anything more I can help with today?
I am looking for something to do in the centre area of town. I was thinking maybe a nightclub. 
There are 5 nighclubs in the Centre. May I suggest The Fez Club?
That sounds great, can I please get the phone number and postcode?
Their phone number is  01223519224 and postcode is cb23hx.  Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll also need a taxi. It should leave The Fez by 1:00. Please include the contact number and car type.
Where are you going? I can help you book a taxi once you give me your destination
I'm traveling between the restaurant and nightclub. I need to leave the nightclub by 1:00.
I have booked that taxi look for a yellow honda. The contact number is 07354152897.
Have a nice day.
Have a nice day.
Hi, I am planning a trip and am looking for a particular attraction.
What type of attraction are you looking for?
It's called the ADC theatre. Can you tell me what area it's in?
Yes, I can. It is located in the centre area. Is there anything else I can answer for you?
I also need a restaurant.
I'll be glad to help you find one. What kind of restaurant do you have in mind and on what side of town?
In the east please. 
We have 9 restaurants in the east.  What kind of food would you like?
Expensive Polunesian. 
I'm sorry, I'm not showing any expensive polynesian restaurants in the east area of town. What about another type of cuisine or perhaps another area of town?
Can you try indian food please?
sitar tandoori	is my all time favorite. can i book?
Yes please book for 1 person at 14:00 on monday.
I have booked you a reservation at the Sitar Tandoori for Monday at 14:00 for 1 person. The reference number is 5I0ZWPOT. Is that all today?
Thank you. That is all that I need.
Thank you for letting us assist you today! Enjoy your visit!
I'm looking for a place to go in the centre of town. 
There are a lot of attractions in the centre. Anything in particular?
I'd like a nightclub please.
I recommend the club salsa? Here is their phone number, 07782218745
What is their address and the entrance fee?
The address is 1 Station road and the entrance fee is 5 pounds. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's all for now. Thank you for the information.
You're welcome, thank you for calling the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day.
I am looking for a train for three people from the stansted airport to arrive by 12:45. I need to leave on Thursday and go to Cambridge.
What time would you like to leave by?
I don't care when I leave I just want to arrive by 12:45
There is one that leaves at 11:24 on Thursday. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, that would work. I need 3 tickets please.
Your 3 tickets are booked, the reference number is C3VMMP9M and the total fee of 30.29 GBP is payable at the station.
Thank you so much, that is it for today.
Glad I could help. Hope you have a great day. 
You as well. Goodbye.
Good bye and enjoy your visit.
I need to dine at some place expensive in the east. 
There are five restaurants available. Is there a specific type of food you like?
I would like to try Indian food.
There are two in the area. I recommend pipasha restaurant would you like more information or for me to book it for you? 
I need to book a table for 5 people at 19:45 on thursday
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 6X61ZYW2.
Thank you very much, that's all I need!
Have a great day!
i just want a place to go with a swimming pool.
I found swimmingpools in the areas of east, north and centre. Which would you prefer? 
You pick the area as I don't have a preference. 
Parkside Pools is a great place located in the centre, would you like more information?
Yes please. Get me the address
Parkside Pools is located at  Gonville Place.  Is there anything else you would like to know?
I need a train, on Thursday. Arriving by 2145. 
Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from stevenage on thursday.
The TR9547 gets into Cambridge from Stevenage at 20:43. Will that work?
Yes, I just needed info for now.  Thanks for your help.  Goodbye. 
Have  a great day!
I'm looking for a moderately priced place to stay in the south.
I have 2 options for you, both guesthouses. I recommend the Aylesbray Lodge, at 5 Mowbray Road. 
Thank you, I'll accept the recommendation at Aylesbray Lodge.
Would you like me to go ahead and book that?
Yes please. I would like to book it for 2 people for 3 nights starting from Wednesday.
Ok I have booked that and the Reference number is 1N67NESA.  Is there anything else I can help with?
I also need  a train. 
There are over two thousand trains. Where is your destination?
leicester is where i am going
would you be leaving from cambridge?
Yes leaving from Cambridge, on Friday please.
Okay I have 19 trains. Could you give me a time by which you'd like to leave or arrive?
I need to be there by 16:15.
Okay, I have TR4170 that leaves at 9:09 and arrives at 10:54.  It cost 37.80 pounds.  Would you like this train booked?
Thank you that will be all I need.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
I need to take a train to here.   I want to arrive by monday at 17:15.
Okay, there are plenty of options. Where are you headed?
I'll be going from Cambridge to Norwich.
I can get you a ticket on the tr8495 it will get you there by 10:55, or is that too early?
No that sounds good,please book it for me 
How many tickets will you be needing?
I'm sorry I changed my mind. I just need the price per ticket please. 
The price is 17.60 pounds sterling. Can I help with anything else?
I also need a moderate restaurant in the town centre that serves European food.
The riverside brasserie serves modern european food. Would you like to make a reservation today?
Yes. Please reserve for 5 people on Monday at 14:00.
Booked. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: XLZVMYRL.
Great. I can't wait. Thanks! Goodbye!
Have a great day and enjoy your time in cambridge.
I need a train leaving from broxbourne.
What day would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on a Tuesday from Broxbourne to Cambridge after 19:15.
I would recommend TR6788 which leaves Broxbourne at 19:32 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:32. 
Can you book it for me?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 17.89 GBP payable at the station .Reference number is : X1XG5K91.
Can you also recommend a three star hotel that has free wifi?
There are two. The Gonville Hotel and The Lensfield. Both also have free parking. Would you like me to book one for you?
Yes, go ahead and book either of those for 2 people and 3 nights beginning on Tuesday.
Your booking at The Gonville coming in on Tuesday for 4 days 3 nights is confirmed for a party of 2.  Your reference number is : 5GCUETMP. Anything else today? 
No. That's it. Thank you for your help.
I am happy to help! Goodbye, I hope your trip is lovely!
I am looking for a place called the holy trinity church.
It is located in market street.
Can I get information on area and entrance fee?
The Holy Trinity Church is in the centre of town and the entrance fee is free! Want more information? 
Can you tell me what trains go to Bishops Storthford and leave on Saturday?
We have ten trains every two hours starting at 05:29, any time preference?
I need it to depart after 11:15.
TR0121 departs at 15.29 would you like me to book it
I'm looking for a train that goes to Cambridge and arrives by 08:45.
I found 231 trains that fit your request. Where will you be departing from?
I will be departing from Birmingham New Street on Tuesday. 
TR0254 Leaves at 05:40, would you like me to book that for you?
No thank you. Please tell me about the ticket pricing and time of travel
The price is 75.10 pounds and it is a 163 minutes ride.  Can I help you with anything else?
Please book 6 tickets and send me the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 450.6 GBP payable at the station . Reference number is : G368B2VI.  Can I help with anything else today?
Yes please. I need a 3 star hotel that offers free wifi
I found two expensive hotels, one in the centre and one in the south of town. Do you have a preference?
I would like to stay in the centre of town please.
What price range and what star rating are you looking for ?
Again, 3 star with free wifi. I don't care about the price. It has to be in the centre, though.
The Gonville Hotel will meet all of your needs.  Would you like me to book it?
No, not yet. I just need the postcode.
Okay, the postcode is cb11ly. What else can I help with?
That is all, thank you for your help today.
Thanks for using Cambridge TownInfo centre. Have a great day! 
Can you help me find a train leaving after 12:15 on friday?
Sure, what's the departure and destination.
from broxbourne to cambridge
The TR3158 meets your description. Would you like to make a booking?
What is the arrival time? I'll also need the travel time and train ID.
The arrival time is 13:32. The train ID is TR3158. And the travel time for this route is 60 minutes. Anything else I can do for you?
I also need to find a hotel with free parking and wifi. 
There are 8 hotels available with internet and parking. What price range and area of the city are you interested in?  
I want to to have a 4 star rating & be a guesthouse. It can be in any area of the town.
There are 16 options available.  Can I narrow it down for you by price range?
The price doesn't matter. Is there one that you would recommend?
I would recommend the Allenbell which is in the center and cheap. Would you like to make a reservation there?
Yes please, for 3 people.  We'll need 3 nights starting Friday.  Can you please give me the reference number once it's booked?
Your room has been booked. Reference number is 77BQDD6I.
Great, you have been very helpful today.  Thanks. That is all I need.  Bye.
It's my pleasure.  Have a good day.
I need a train from Stevenage that would leave after 10:45. 
What day would you be traveling on? And where would you be heading to?
I would be travelling on Monday and heading TO Stevenage FROM Cambridge. I'm sorry, I stated that wrong the first time. 
THere is a train that leaves at 11:21 and then trains that leave every two hours after that.  Does one of those sound best? 
Yes, I would like to take the one at 11:21. Can you give me the train ID, travel time, and price for that train?
I have successfully booked a seat on TR6930.  The fee is 12.8 GBP and reference number is MWJYC3CD.  Can I help with anything else today?
I am also looking for a hotel. 
can you give me more specifications on the hotel you need?
A guesthouse with free parking would be great.
How does the Allenbell sound? Would you like more information?
I need the hotel for 6 people, 3 nights starting Friday. I also need a reference number 
We got that booked for you.  Your reference number is NBY8UOS8. 
Thank you for your time.
You're welcome. Can I assist with anything else today?
No.  That is all. Thank you.
Have a wonderful trip.
I'm looking to stay in a guesthouse in the east.
I'd be glad to help you find a guesthouse, are you looking for something moderately priced or would you like a cheaper option?
I don't care about price range, but I would like to have free parking.
I have a few listings for guesthouses, I will give you the listings for moderate prices as they will be nicer. 
Please include post code and phone number with the listings.
The Warkworth House's contact number is 01223363682. The postcode for them is cb11ee.  The other moderate priced is Carolina Bed and Breakfast, phone 01223247015 with postcode cb13nx. Anything else?
I am also looking for a restaurant. I prefer it to serve cuban food and i would like a moderate price range. 
There are no moderately priced Cuban restaurants in Cambridge, unfortunately. Would you like me to look up other restaurants in the moderate price range?
How about chinese food?
There are four chinese restaurants. Would you rather eat in the north or centre?
North is fine, what is the postcode for that?
In the north is the golden wok, the postcode is cb43hl.  Do you need more information on that or with anything else?
No, that is all I need at this time, thank you for your help.
Happy to be or service. Have a wonderful day!
Wow, sounds like you might be able to help me then. Can you find me a train going into Leicester?
Certainly, there are many trains going to Leicester. Where is your departure location?
I will need to leave from Cambridge.
When would you like to travel?
I would like to travel on a Thursday.
Okay, and is there a particular departure or arrival time you prefer? 
I just need to arrive by 17:45 
I have train TR9839 that leaves Cambridge at 15:21 and arrives in Leicester at 17:06. Would that suit your needs? If so, I can book you a ticket. 
What is the total travel time and price on that?
Price is 37.80 pounds and travel time is 105 minutes.
That sounds perfect. Thanks for all your help. 
You're very welcome. Would you like me to book a ticket for you on that train?
That's not needed. Thank you!
Okay. Have a great day!
I need to book a taxi plese
What time will you be arriving to your destination please.
I want to arrive by 12:45.
What is your departure site?
I'm leaving from camgridge and county folk museum.
What is your destination?
I'm going to trinity college. 
 Booking completed! Booked car type white skoda Contact number 07852790062 
Hi, I am planning my upcoming trip and am looking for a place to stay.  Can you recommend something for me?
Sure, I am fond of the acorn guest house personally. Did you have a price range that you'd like to stick to?
I'm not too concerned about price. Is the Acorn Guest House in the north section of Cambridge?
Yes it is. Are you wanting to make a booking.
 yes,  i want to book it for 8 people and 3 nights starting from wednesday
Sure thing, will you be needing a reference number?
Yes please. I will need that.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : AOJGD8XG. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Yes, I am looking for a multiple sports attraction in the centre.
I'm sorry, but there are no multiple sports type attractions in the centre. Would you like to try a different area?
How about a type of college? Could you provide me with the postcode, entrance fee and address?
Yes, Christ's College is on Saint Andrew's Street and the post code is cb23bu. It's free admission. 
Thank you! I also need a taxi please. 
Certainly. What is your intended destination and travel time?
I need to leave the attraction by 21:00 please.
Okay, you're all set. I booked a blue honda and the contact number is 07846176365
Thanks so much. You took care of everything I needed. Thanks. Goodbye. 
It's been a pleasure. Have a good day. 
I need some information. on a train to london liverpool street arriving by 13:00.
Yes I have 28 entries  with that destination arriving at various times Monday thru Sunday
I'm leaving on Sunday from Cambridge, is there anything available?
I have the TR7187 that will arrive at 01:27. Would you like me to book that for you?
Yes, please book that for me.
For how many people?
Hold on a moment. Can I first make a restaurant booking?
Yes, we can do that after we finish with your train booking. How many people do you need tickets for?
I don't need to book it yet. What's the departure and travel times for the train?
TR7187 departs from Cambridge at 23:59 and arrives in London Liverpool Street at 01:27. Do you want me to book that for you or move on to restaurant assistance?
I really dislike math, can you just let me know the trip duration if you have it in front of you?
Sure. The trip is 88 minutes. Would you like to book a seat?
Yes, and then lets work on the restaurant.
How many tickets would you like?
I don't want to book the train right now. Could you find me a restaurant in centre that serves swedish food? 
There appear to be none in the area. Any other types of food you are interested in?
Is there British food in the centre in the moderate price range?
There are four restaurants that serve british food. I recommend Cotto for you. Their address is  183 East Road City Centre
What's the postcode with that?
The postcode is cb11bg.  Can I help you with anything else?
No thank you, that is everything.
Have a nice day!
Am looking for a train,it should go to stansted airport and should leave after 13:30
I'd love to help. Where are you departing from?
The train should depart from cambridge and should leave on friday.
How does train TR1090 that leaves at 13:40 sound?
That sounds like an excellent choice! Thank you for the help!
welcome. at your service next time
Can you make a booking for me?
Your train leaving at 13:40 from Cambridge going to Stansted airport has been booked.  Your reference number is 39OY8NLR. The total fee is 10.1 GBP payable at the station. 
I just need to verify that that booking is for 4 people. If not, can you change it?
I have you for for, reference is X06J64WK. What else may I do?
I think we have taken care of everything. Thank you so much for your time!
You're very welcome, have a great day!
I need to catch a train in London King's Cross to ride into Cambridge.
I can help with that. What day and time were you looking to depart?
I want to leave on Monday after 12:45.
There is a train available on 14:12.
That is fine.  Can you provide the arrival time, train ID, and travel time.
I do apologize, train TR3194 would leave at 13:17, NOT 14:12.  The travel time would be 51 minutes.  Would you like me to book this train for you?
Yes can you please book it.
I have booked your train. London King's Cross to Cambridge at 13:17 on Monday.
Thank you! That sounds excellent! I am also craving British food. Are there any moderately priced British restaurants there?
We have four in the centre area and one int he west, any preferences?
Not really, I'll just need to book it for the same day for 4 people.
What time would you like the reservation?
I would like it at 15:00 on the same day.
Very well, I've booked you at Restaurant One Seven for 4 people at 15:00 on Monday. Would you like the booking reference number?
Yes of course I want the reference number! Why wouldn't I!
Sorry about that, the reference number is 5F63AFCU
Thank you for your time.
I'm glad I could help you today. Have a great trip. Goodbye.
Are there any museums you can recommend?
Well, there are 23 museums to choose from. If you give me a specific area I can narrow down the choices.
No how about you pick on and give me the entrance fee if any and the phone number please
The museum of classical archaeology has free admission and its phone number is 01223335153. Do you need anything else?
Great I'm also looking to travel to london kings cross on monday by train
Did you have any preference for departure or arrival times?
As early as possible in the morning. 
The TR7075 meets your criteria. It leaves at 5:00. Would you like to make a booking?
Does that train depart from Cambridge? 
Yes, it departs from Cambridge
Why did I ask this?  Of course it would be cambridge  Sorry, my mistake.  Please book me for 1 person and I need a reference number.
Your total is 23.6 GBP, which you will pay at the station. Your Reference number is : PQ7PVOTI.
Wonderful, thanks for your help today.
You are very welcome! Safe travels!
My son is a junior in high school, we are looking at college.  Can you tell me about what colleges are in cambridge?
Sure! What specific part of Cambridge are you interested in? There are colleges in both the west and the centre areas.
What is located in the centre?
I recommend downing college. It's free admission. 
Can you provide me with their address and phone number please?
Their address is agent street. their phone number is 01223334860
I also need a train to Cambridge.
okay any particular time you would like to leave? Also where are you coming from?
I will be coming from Ely and would like to arrive in Cambridge by 11:00.
Do you know which day you'd like to travel?
Yes, on Sunday.
Okay the TR4212 arrives by 09:52. 
Thanks very much! What time does it depart, and how long is the ride?
The train TR4212 departs at 09:35 and the ride is 17 minutes long. Would you like to book it?
No thank you! That's all I need. Thanks for all of your help! 
you are welcome all the time
Thanks again, thats all I need.
Thank you for calling. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Can you find me a Chinese restaurant please?
Sure.  There are 17 chinese restaurants in town.  Are you looking for a certain price range or location?
Yes.  I would like it to be in the expensive price range.
I have found 5 that fit that description. Is there a particular area you would like?
I would like to book a table for 6 at 15:15 on Tuesday.
I was able to get a table at Hakka in the north. The reference number is 7KW8MVL3 and they'll keep the table for 15 minutes. Does that suit you?
Yes, thank you. That's all for now. Bye!
Thank you for contacting us and enjoy your meal at the hakka. Have a great day.
I need a taxi to pick me up after 04:15
Sure! where are you going?
I'm going to the hotel du vin and bistro
Alright. And where would you like to be picked up from?
Please pick me up at the scott polar museum
Okay, I've booked a taxi for you. 
Could you give me the car type and contact number?
Certainly, the car is a white Honda, and the contact number is 07135860962.
Got it. Thanks for helping me.
Your welcome.. Have a great time.
I need a nice expensive restaurant located in the Cambridge centre.
I'd recommend midsummer house restaurant. It's on Midsummer Common, cb41ha. Would you like a reservation?
Does it serve German food?  I think I'd like German.
There are no German restaurants in that area.
Is there a restaurant in the center serving Italian then?
There are several Italian restaurants downtown, would you like me to pick for you?
yes, pick the most expensive one.
The stazione restaurant and coffee bar is very classy is that okay?
Yes, that sounds great.  Can I get the address and postcode? 
For sure.  The address is Market Hill City Centre, cb23nj.  How many people did I need to make the reservation for?
Please make the reservation for 2 people at 8pm tonight.
Okay, I can do that.  What day would you like it for? 
Tuedsday and book it for me please 
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes.Reference number is : B7BI0QK1.
That's great! Now I need info on a hotel called Avalon. 
Sure, that is a great 4 star guesthouse at 62 Gilbert Road.  Would you like me to make a reservation for you?
That would be great. Could you please give me a reference number?
I'll need to know the start day, days you plan to stay, and how many people to book for. 
Please book it for 7 people for 4 nights starting Wednesday.
Booking was successful. Reference number is : 38F50DTX. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
No thanks. I think that takes care of things. Have a good day. 
And you as well. Enjoy your stay in Cambridge.
Can you find me a corsica restaurant?
I'm sorry, I can't find any place with Corsica food. Do you have a second choice?
Yes, a restaurant serving british food would be good. 
There are 11 restaurants that serve British food. Do you have an area or price range preference?
I do not care about the price range, and would just like one in the west part of town.
Graffiti is an expensive British restaurant in the west. Would you like more information? 
I'd like their address and phone number please.
The address is Hotel Felix Whitehouse Lane Huntingdon Road, and the phone number is 01223 277977. Can I find any further information for you?
What is the price range?
It is expensive.
That you, that's all I need to know. 
Thank you, have a good day!
I'd like to book a train ticket, please.
Where are your departure and destination sites?
I'm looking for a train that is leaving on Friday after 21:45.
There are 46 trains operating on Friday at that time. Can I get your destination to narrow down the results?
Yes. I would like to go to Leicester. What trains are available?
I have two trains going from cambridge to leicester. One leaving at 22:21 and one leaving at 23:21. Would you like to book one of these?
I will go with the earlier departure, and I would like 2 seats please. I will also need a reference number.
You're all set for your 22:21 train reference number 1F6TADIT
Great, I also need a place to go in the east part of town.
Are you looking for a particular type of attraction on the east end of town? Perhaps a museum?
Sure,a  museum sounds good, what do you have that's free?
Cambridge artworks, gallery at twelve a high street, saint barnabas press gallery and cherry hinton water play are all free.
Hmm, I guess the St Barnabas thing sound interesting. Is it expensive, though?
It is free
Great thank you that's all the help I need today.
Wonderful! I hope you have a wonderful rest of the day.
I'm looking for a train going to Cambridge and arriving by 2:45 PM. Can you help me?
I can help with that! What day would you like to depart?
I am leaving from London Liverpool Street on Wednesday please.
Trains leave London Liverpool Street every 2 hours beginning at 5:39. The latest leaves at 11:39 and arrives in Cambridge at 13:07. 
Give me information on the latest one.
The latest train leaves at 23:39.
What is the ID for the train leaving at 11:39?
the train id is TR4161. anything else?
Yes, I am looking for places to go to in town. Can you help me?
Do you have a certain area or attraction you would like to see?
I have no preference.  Just find something in the centre of town. 
I would like to recommend all saints church,it is beautiful architecture in the centre of town and no entrance fee. 
Could I have their phone number please?
Sure, their phone number is 01223452587. Is there any other way I can assist you?
No that is all for today. 
enjoy your time in Cambridge!
I need to take a train, I want to leave on Wednesday after 11:00.
sure, what is your destination?
From broxbourne to cambridge.
I have 13 trains that would work. They depart every hour, starting at 11:32.  What time would you like to arrive in Cambridge?
Arrival time doesn't matter as long as I leave after 11:00.
I can help you with that, how many tickets do you need?
I just need information right now. Would you choose a train leaving after 11:00? I need the train ID, arrival time and price, please.
TR5953 arrives by 12:32 and costs 17.90 pounds per ticket. The travel time is 60 minutes
Thank you , can you help me find an Indian restaurant in the centre?
There are several Indian restaurants to choose from, are you looking for a certain price range?
I want the restaurant to be expensive.
There are six options but my personal favorite is saffron brasserie, would you like a booking or just more information?
I trust your opinion. Please book a table at Saffron Brasserie for 5 people at 15:15 on Wednesday.
Your reservation was made at the saffron brasserie. Your reference number for your reservation is  0B8PEDPB.
Thank you so much.  That was everything I needed!
Thanks for using the Cambridge TownInfo Centre. Goodbye!
I'm looking for an attraction in the centre of town.
We have many...architecture, colleges, museums, theaters. Any type in particular you would like to find?
There is no particular one that I have in mind. Can you give me the information for one? I would like postcode and to know what kind of attraction it is.
Yes, there are several, but I particularly enjoy the Castle Galleries Museum.  The postcode is cb23bj.  Can I help you with anything else?
I need a place to stay that is a guesthouse in the moderate price range
There are 15 moderately priced guesthouses in Cambridge. Is there an area of town that you prefer?
I would like for it to be in the centre area as well. It doesn't have to have free parking.
I'm sorry there are no guesthouses that match your request. Would you like to change your price range to expensive or cheap instead?
How about a moderately priced hotel in the area?
The cityroomz hotel is moderately priced and in centre. Would you like to book a room here?
Yes, let's book it for 8 people 2 nights starting Sunday. May I have a reference number?
Sure, you're booked at Cityroomz with reference number 58U5UC51. May I help with anything else?
Yes, could i get a contact number and vehicle type?
If you need to book a taxi, please let me know your departure and arrival sites and the time you need the taxi.
I do need a taxi between the two places. I'd like to leave Castle Galleries Museum by 9:30.
the car type is a blue tesla and 07103379311 is the contact number
Perfect, that is all that I needed.  Thank you for all of your help!
Thank you for allowing me to assist you with your Cambridge adventures.  Please let us know if there's anything we can assist you with in the future.
Thank you, bye bye now.
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye!
We are going to the centre for a night out.  Hear you have some great attractions can you help me find something fun?
There are many churches in that area.
I'd prefer something more geared towards nightlife. Maybe a club?
Ive got five choices here kambar is the club that is recently popular, would you like more information?
Yes. What is the entrance fee?
The entrance fee for the kambar is 5 pounds. Can I help you with anything else today?
I'd also like to know the postcode.
The entrance fee is 5 pounds. Will there be anything else today?
Yes, I'd also like some help finding a hotel. 
I can help with that. Is there an area in town in which you prefer to stay? Perhaps a price range as well?
It should be a guest house. And I need WiFi and parking
Do you have a preference in area or price range?
Can you look for a guesthouse in the Centre with free parking? 
I found two guesthouses matching your criteria. I would recommend the Alexander Bed and Breakfast which is 4 stars and priced cheap. Do you need a booking?  
Yes. Please book for a party of 7 for Saturday. We'll be staying 3 nights.
Your room has been booked. Your reference number is IGLTXNED.
Thank you that would be all I need for today 
By the way the zipcode for the kambar is cb23qb.
Is it possible to get any Greek food in the centre part of town?
Sorry, I'm showing no results for Greek restaurants. Any other foods you'd like to have?
What about Chinese food?
Charlie Chan has some great reviews.
book a table for 8 people at 19:00 on wednesday.
Your booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : 1J6Y65LW.
Thanks, that's all. Good bye.
Thank you for using our services.
i need somewhere to go.
There are so many great things to do in Cambridge. Let's narrow your search. Would you like to go to a restaurant, hotel, or attraction?
I am looking for a nice museum
I found some great museums. Can you specify on the types of museum you are looking for?
You may suggest one to me.
The  cambridge and county folk museum is in the west part of town etrance fee is 3.50 pounds
Are there any free attractions in the area?
Cafe jello gallery is in the west and has free admission. Is that better for you?
That sounds great. Can I get the phone number for it?
The phone number for cafe jello gallery is 01223312112.  Can I help you with anything else today?
Thanks. I also need a hotel in the south. 
How about the bridge guest house located in the south area of town?
how many stars does it have?
It is rated 3 stars. Does that work for you?
I need something with 4 stars.
In that case I will suggest Aylesbray lodge guest house.
Yes, that will be fine. I will need a reservation starting on Wednesday.
How many days did you want the booking for? And for how many people?
I almost forgot, my husband would like for the hotel to have free wifi.  Does that hotel meet that criteria?
Yes, it does have free wifi. Would you like to continue with the reservation?
Yes please. 2 people for 5 nights beginning on Wednesday and I will need the reference number after booking is complete.
Okay, you're all set! The reference number is EK9KZ64S. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
Hi I am in the north looking for a place to stay. I'd prefer a hotel with 4 stars. Any suggestions?
The Archway House is a guesthouse in the north with four stars. It's moderately priced and includes wifi and parking. Should I book?
Um, give me a minute please
Ok, let me know whenever you're ready. 
Yes, please. I need the reservation for 1 person for 5 nights starting on Wednesday. 
Your booking was successful for 5 days at Archway House starting on Wednesday. Your reference number is UAUOPOBP.
Great, thank you. I am looking for some sort of entertainment in the Centre, maybe a park. Can you help me with that?
I can I've found botanic gardens in the centre area postcode is cb21jf and has an entrance fee of 4 pounds. will there be anything else?
That is all, thank you for your help.
Do you need a taxi between the guesthouse and the park? I can handle that, also.
No, the attraction and the hotel was everything.
ok thanks it is a pleasure to serve you
I am looking for a train leaving Peterborough on Thursday.  Can you help me?
many trains leave, what time do want to leave?
I need to depart after 20:00, and will be travelling to Cambridge.
Okay how about the TR8185 that leaves at 20:19 and arrives by 21:09. 
Okay, that will do. What is the travel time?
The travel time for that route is 50 minutes. Did you need a ticket?
Yes, I also need places to go in college.
There are many colleges to visit in Cambridge. May I suggest one?
Yes, I would like that. 
pembroke college is in the centre located at trumpington street with a free entrance fee.
That sounds perfect, may I have the postcode please?
Absolutely! The postcode is cb21rf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's it. Thanks for everything.
You are welcome.  Enjoy your time in Cambridge.  Good bye. 
I am looking for a train going to Cambridge. Can you help me? 
Sure. And on what day do you want to travel ?
I'll be leaving stansted airport anytime after 17:45 on thursday
The next flight after your desired time is at 18:24 on the TR5921 train. You would arrive by 18:52 at cambridge.
make reservation for 1 person and give me reference number
Your reference number is XZHNMJRS and it will cost 10.1 GBP.
Great. I also need a restaurant serving italian food.
We have quite a few good italian restaurants in Cambridge. Do you prefer a particular area or price range?
It should be in the south, whatever you recommend. I'll need a booking for 1 person at 20:15 on Thursday.
Would you like to try pizza express?
Yes, that will work. Please book a table for 1 person at 20/15 on Thursday.
Booked! The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number: JO641TUZ.
Thank you very much.
enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
I need the phone number to a restaurant located in the north part of town that is moderately priced, thank you
Golden Wok is a moderately priced Chinese food restaurant in the north part of town. Their number is 01223 350688.
Thank you, goodbye.
You're welcome. Goodbye.
Thank you, goodbye. 
good day!
Can you help me find a train for my upcoming trip to your city?
what days look like the best ones to get a great deal on hotel with train ride.
Well, I want to leave on Saturday.  You tell me the best options. 
There are 202 options that day! Do you know what time you want to leave or arrive?
I would like to arrive by 19:00.
Can you tell me where you are leaving from and going to? 
Of course, silly me. I'd like to travel from Cambridge to London Liverpool Street on Saturday, and I need to get there by 19:00 please.
Allright. TR0357 departs at 09:39. Would you like me to book you tickets?
Can you give me the ticket price?
A ticket from London Liverpool Street to Cambridge is 13.28GBP.
Ok, I'll have to speak with my friend to see if that price is acceptable.  Can I please get the address to the restaurant Hotel Du Vin and Bistro?
Absolutely, the address is 15-19 Trumpington Street. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?
I also need their phone number.
Sure! Their number is 01223227330.
Thanks for the help, that's all for now.
I hope you have a good trip.  Have a nice day.  Goedbye
I need information on trinity college
Okay, I've pulled up Trinity College. What information do you need?
I need to know the attraction type and address.
Ok. Trinity college is a college and the address is trinity street. Anything else?
No, that is all I need today. Thank you very much!
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Thanks. You too! Goodbye.
Get back in touch if you need help in the future. Goodbye.
I'm looking for a train that arrives by 10:15 and departs from Ely 
No problem! What day would you like to leave?
Tuesday, going to Cambridge please. 
Any departure time in mind?
The train should leave on tuesday and should go to cambridge and arrive by 10:15
The TR8685 arrives by 5:52 and costs 4.40 pounds.  Can I book some seats for you?
Please for 8 people. 
Your booking was successful. The total fee is 35.2 GBP pounds payable at the station and your reservation number is 1OBF5WF2
Great thank you I also am looking for some place to go in the centre of town.
The Broughton House Gallery is located at 98 King St and has free admission.
Thank you, that sounds fine. I see you have included the address and the entrance fee. That's all I need. Thanks very much. 
You're welcome. Have a great day. Goodbye.
Hi. I'm looking for a particular hotel if you could help me with that?
Sure. Do you know the name of it?
It's called the A and B Guesthouse.  I'd like a 5 night stay for 4 starting on Monday.  Can I get a reference #?  Thanks!
I was able to book your party of four into A and B Guest House starting on Monday for 5 nights. Reference: CEREP94P. Can I assist further today?
Yes I would also like a place to dine in the north that serves asian oriental food.
There are a few options in the area.  Do you have a price range in mind? 
No, just needs to be in the North and serve that food. 
Saigon City will fit your needs do you need to book a table?
Yes.  I would like to book a table for four on Monday at 16:15.
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : Y7GC1VD7. Anything else I can help with?
That was all I needed today, thank you.
Thanks, please remember us for your future travel needs.
Hello, I need to book a ticket going to Cambridge arriving by 16:30, can you help me with that?
There are a lot of trains available. Where are you departing from?
I'm departing from broxbourne on Friday.
TR2145 looks like it will get you there with plenty of time to spare.
Thanks, could you let me know the departure and arrival time?
Of course. It was actually the TR2144, my apologies about that.. It leaves at 14:32 and gets you there at about 15:32. It costs 17.90 pounds.
Excellent. I'm also looking for a particular attraction. It's called saint catharine's college. Any information?
Absolutely. It is a college located in the centre. It's free to enter and it is located on king's parade.
What is the postcode for Saint Catherine's College? I want to be able to enter the address into my GPS to get there.
Saint catharine's college is located at king's parade postcode cb21rl. It is free to get in. Do you also need their phone number?
No thanks, that's everything I need. 
Are you certain you don't need further assistance?
Could you just confirm the entrance fee, attraction type, and postcode for Saint Catharine's?
The entrance fee for the college is 0. It's free. And the postcode is cb21rl.
Thank you so much for all your help. That is all I needed for now.
You're very welcome. Have a great day! Goodbye!
I am looking for a restaurant called Galleria.
I've found Galleria, it is located at 33 Bridge Street in town centre. Would you like to make a reservation?
Yes! I'd like a reservation for this Sunday at 16:45 for three people.
I'm sorry, but that time and day is unavailable. Would you like to try another day and/or time?
Would it be possible to book the same restaurant at 15:45? 
I have made the reservation for 3 for Sunday at 15:45 at Galleria. Your reference number is DUY4H6WY. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes. I would also like to take a train on Sunday arriving by 09:45. Can you help me with that?
Where are you traveling to and from?
Departure is Peterborough and arrival is Cambridge.
There are 8 trains. The latest one that would get you there on time leaves at 8:48 and arrives 9:38. Would you like me to book a ticket for you?
Please give me travel time and the price, please.
The travel time is 50 minutes and it costs 13.20 pounds.
Thank you very much for all of your help.
Okay you are welcome! Thank you for calling.
Hi, I'm looking for a train that departs on Thursday for Cambridge. 
Where wouold you be traveling from? 
I will be departing from Peterborough and I need to leave after 17:15. 
TR8714 departs at 17:48 and arrives by 18:38 in Cambridge on Thursday.  Would you like to book a seat?
What is the total travel time?
Total travel time is 50 minutes.  Would you like me to book it?
Not right now, thanks. As I'll be in the center part of town I'd like to find an expensive restaurant there. Do you have any suggestions?
I certainly can what type of cuisine are you interested in?
Cuisine doesn't matter as long as it's expensive and in the centre. Why don't you choose one and give me the phone number, postcode, and address
I have the Cambridge Chop House postcode cb21sj address is 1 Kings Parade and the phone number is 01223359506. Would you like me to book that for you?
No, I actually do not need any further assistance today. Thank you, goodbye!
Okay, have a wonderful day, bye!
Hi, you can help me find a hotel somewhere on the North side of town please
i have 33 hotels on the north side of town. what amenities are you looking for?
I'd like it to have free wifi, it doesn't need to have free parking.
Okay and what is your price range?
Any price range is fine.
I recommend city centre north b and b. 	They're in the cheap price range and their address is 328a histon road
book it for 4 people and 5 nights starting from sunday.
The room is booked starting Sunday for 4 people, 5 nights. Reference number is : T0GOB1RP. Is there anything else I can assist with? 
Yes, I would like to dine at an expensive hotel in the same area.
Do you have a food type in mind?
Yes, I would like bistro food please. 
There are no restaurants that meet those requirements.
Oh darn it. How about one that offers european food?
There are 3 options in the centre area with european food. Eraina is located at Free School Lane City Centre, postcode cb23rh.  Would you like info on the others also?
Eraina sounds great. Could you please make a reservation for 4 people on Sunday at 17:15?
Booking was successful. The table will be reserved for 15 minutes. Reference number is : VZB1B67F. Is there anything else I can help you with? 
i also want to book a taxi 
Okay, I can help with that. What is your departure site and destination. Do you have a certain time you'd like to leave or arrive by?
I need to go to the North.
Okay.  Will you be leaving from Cambridge?
I want to leave from city centre north b and b to arrive at the Eraina restaurant in time for my 17:15 reservation.
Ok I have booked you a red toyota, contact number 07919147301 arriving at 17:05.  Anything else I can help with?
No. Thank you. Goodbye
Thank you for using the Cambridge TownInfo centre. Goodbye
I'd like to find out more about the Queen's College.
Queens' College is located on Silver Street in the west. Their phone number is 01223335511 and the entrance fee is 2.50 pounds. Do you need anything else?
No, that will do it. Thanks! 
Thank you for using Cambridge TownInfo centre.  Let us know if you need our services at anytime.
please find me a train that leaves on friday and arrives by 08:00
Where will you be departing from?
I am departing from Stevenage. 
There is a 05:54 that will arrive at 06:43 that morning. 
Book it for four people. Give me the reference number.
Booking was successful, the total fee is 51.2 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 8NFJV4J6. Will there be anything else today?
No, that will be all today. Thank you.
Have a splendid visit!
I'd like to find an expensive place to dine in the south.
Do you have a food type preference? The choices are Chinese, Indian, Italian, and Mexican.
Is there any Morrocan food?
No, sorry. There are no morrocan restaurants in the south. Would you like to expand to another area?
I would be interested in Indian food.
taj tandoori is an expensive indian restaurant in the south. would you like any other info? or to book it?
That place sounds great. Can I get the phone number please? 
Sure! The phone number to the Taj Tandoori is 01223412299. Can I help you with anything else?
No, that is all I need.  Thanks so much.  Bye.
You're welcome. Thanks for using our services. Goodbye.
Hi, I'm looking for a train arriving in Cambridge by 21:15.
Can you tell me where you will be departing from and what day you would like to travel?
Sure, I'll be leaving from Norwich.  Oh, and I'd like to travel on Friday please.
I would recommend TR9589 which leaves Norwich at 19:16 and arrives in Cambridge at 20:35.
Okay great. Can you help me make a booking for 6 people please?
Booking was successful, the total fee is 105.6 GBP payable at the station. Reference number is : 2CUTCPH6. Is there anything else I can help you with today? 
I need a play to stay in the east in the moderate price range
I will look that up for you,do you want a hotel ?
Yes, with a star of 4 please. 
I do not have any 4 star hotels in the east.  Would you like to try another area or maybe go with a price range in the East?
Oh my. Are there any moderate-price guesthouses in the east with 4 stars?
Yes, I found three. I would recommend Carolina Bed and Breakfast it is moderately priced and located in the East. Would you like a reservation? 
Yes, please book 6 people for 2 nights beginning friday
You are booked as requested, the reference number is 5ROZN3ZO, any further questions?
Great!! That's all for now. Thank you so much.
thank you and enjoy your stay in Cambridge!
Can you tell me about any expensive restaurants in the Centre?
We have 33 expensive restaurants in the centre, do you have a specific cuisine in mind?
Yes, I would prefer chinese please.
I have the tang chinese restaurant located at napier street city centre.  Would you like to make reservations?
Yes.  Make a reservation for 8 people on Monday at 11:30.
Okay I found you a Chinese restaurant and wish to make you a booking.
Please book the restaurant as requested. I would also like the reference number.
Reference number is : JCH9E5BI. do you need anything else? 
No, that's it. Thanks so much. 
You're welcome! You have a great day.
